,Job Title,Salary Range,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Data Analyst,-1,"Please do not apply through Glassdoor.
The only way you will be considered is if you follow the link at the bottom of the page and take a very short quiz.
What are we looking for?
We are looking for a technically savvy database-oriented Analyst with good people skills and the ability to pick up new business concepts and technologies.
The ideal candidate will possess:
At least 4 years of experience.
A strong to very strong working knowledge of SQL and Python.
An ability to write and troubleshoot complex SQL procedures.
The desire to understand business events through data.
An understanding of Data Warehousing and ETL techniques.
High level understanding in at least one scripting language such as Ruby, Shell, Python.
An interest in learning large data set processing with MapReduce/Hadoop/Pig/etc.
Linux skills are a plus.
Good client relations skills strongly preferred.
Who are we?
Raybeam, Inc. is a software engineering and consulting company focused on strategic consulting, business intelligence, and online/database marketing for the past fifteen years. We have offices near Boston and San Francisco and support a strong list of clients including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, eBay, Disney, One Kings Lane, Beachbody and Hilton Worldwide.
What do we do?
We provide technology solutions by architecting and developing enterprise systems using a variety of programming languages, tools and platforms. This can range from building data warehouses, to web applications to implementing reporting platforms. We work in small teams, own the projects that we work on, and have direct input into the business decisions of our clients.
What do you get from working for Raybeam?
A fun, supportive work environment that promotes camaraderie and growth.
The chance to travel and network with important figures in the industry.
The chance to have input into business decisions of our clients.
The opportunity to learn technologies that you've always wanted but never had the chance.
If you are interested in applying for the position please click on the link below to take a short quiz.
http://careerseval.raybeam.com/sign_in
Please note that Raybeam, Inc. is currently unable to provide sponsorship and we will only consider local candidates.
COVID-19 considerations:
Due to COVID, all employees are currently working remotely. When it is safe to do so, we will return to the office.",4.7,"Raybeam
4.7","Newburyport, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
1,Data Analyst,"$34k-$61k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job ID:
2015720
Location:
SCOTT AFB
,
IL
,
US
Date Posted: 2020-10-01 Category: Information Technology Subcategory: Database Support Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Travel: No Minimum Clearance Required: Secret Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: None Potential for Remote Work: No
Description We are currently seeking a motivated, career and customer oriented Airlift Data Analyst to join our team in Scott Air Force Base, IL, to begin an exciting and challenging career with SAIC. In this role you will compile, analyze and report air transportation movement data for the 618 Air Operations Center (AOC) Strategy Division.

Duties/Tasks and Responsibilities:
Identify and work to resolve observed cargo/passenger manifest discrepancies, including on-load/off-load analysis.
Produce and deliver customer requested products related to mission data.
Analyze airlift/air refueling sortie data via C2 systems to ensure accuracy of cargo/passenger detail
Evaluate internal processes and tools to identify improvement opportunities to streamline work and increase quality/accuracy
Conduct quality reviews of sortie analysis and data used to produce customer products to ensure accuracy
Keep training documents related to mission analysis and production products up to date
Maintain NIPR/SIPR accounts and monitor email on both systems throughout the assigned shift.
Interface with internal agencies to obtain or clarify data needed for product updates.
Additional Responsibilities Include, but are not limited To:
Assist with proposal development, if necessary.
Data research and analysis.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office products; ability to import, export, format, use formulas, craft emails, build slides etc.
Detail oriented and analytical abilities.
Desired: Three years' experience in the airlift and/or air refueling field. Basic understanding of how airlift missions are planning and executed.
Highly desired: Familiarity with AMC Command and Control (C2) systems such as Global Decision Support System (GDSS), Global Air Transportation Execution System (GATES), IDE/GTN Convergence (IGC), Single Mobility system (SMS), Joint Operational Planning and Execution System (JOPES).
Qualifications U.S. CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED

Active SECRET Security Clearance

Education/Experience: Associates degree and 3 years experience or equivalent.

Specific Experience:
Experience in analyzing data points from various input feeds, determining accuracy based on logic and/or business rules/policy.
Desired: Experience in utilizing air transportation or similar DOD Systems such as GDSS, GATES, IGC, SMS, and a variety of other tools and systems to determine passengers and cargo moving in support of the Department of Defense mission.
Knowledgeable in Air Transportation Cargo/Passenger policies, procedures, concepts, and practices.
Day Shift including weekends and holidays.
Must be able to effectively communicate with customer and fulfill all duties and responsibilities as listed in the contract.
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office suite including, but not limited to: Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook.
SAIC is a premier technology integrator solving our nation's modernization and readiness challenges. Our offerings across defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets include high-end solutions in engineering, IT, and mission outcomes. We integrate the best components from our portfolio with our partner's ecosystem to deliver innovative and effective solutions. We are 25,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. Headquartered in Reston, VA, SAIC has annual revenues of nearly $7.1 billion. For information, visit saic.com or Working at SAIC for benefits details.

SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer empowering people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and respectful work culture that values all.",3.8,"SAIC
3.8","Scott AFB, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,2013,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
2,Marketing Data Analyst,"$34k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Can you work in a relationship with other people where it requires ongoing flexibility?
Do you have an upbeat, positive attitude?
Do you take pride in knowing you are helping to make things happen?
If you can answer yes to these questions, Idaho Central Credit Union may have an opportunity ideally suited for you.
As a Marketing Data Analyst, your primary function is to interpret credit union data, analyze results and implement decisions based on the data. You will be responsible for turning data into information and insight that aids in campaign and business decisions. Also you will be responsible for performing a range of functions in support of market research, market assessment and campaign implementation.

Assist in managing technical aspects of key marketing systems (marketing automation, CRM, data warehouse) used to generate, distribute, and report.
Establish and maintain scalable processes that ensure best practices in campaign and lead management.
Create and maintain metrics reports on marketing and sales activities, effectiveness, and business impact.
Analyze marketing and sales data to develop insights and make recommendations on areas for optimization
Monitor and maintain data quality within the marketing database.
Evaluate new technologies and add-on applications to improve and optimize marketing team performance.
Manage membership targeting to strengthen relationships, prevent attrition, and increase profitability.
Leverage web and email engagement to create member insight and data to help improve individual experiences with our digital channels.
Generate and govern segmentation efforts by developing queries and custom reports, target groups, and campaigns for product and service performance.
Track all marketing campaigns and provide meaningful analysis and insight for future efforts.
Analyze consumer segments and other demographic information from the membership database to provide insight for product development, usage, and cross-sell opportunities.
Manage third-party vendor integration with marketing systems including Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Integrator MCIF, Encompass CRM and Microsoft Power BI.
Represent the Credit Union at community events as needed.

Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Mass Communication, Advertising or related field. 5-9 years of experience with database marketing required. Preferable experience with: Raddon Integrator MCIF, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Microsoft Power BI, SQL, and data warehouse experience. Strong analytical skills. Proficiency in marketing automation systems and integrating those systems with other technologies. Technically capable, excellent communicator and a desire to improve processes. Math skills, Secondary-level computer knowledge including Microsoft Office, especially Excel and pivot tables, etc. Ability to maintain the confidentiality of Credit Union and member records at all times. A demonstrated cooperative and positive attitude toward members and other Credit Union staff. Professional in appearance, attendance, quality, and quantity of work performed. Ability to analyze member needs, develop, and coordinate marketing activities to fit member needs with Credit Union products and services. Must be willing to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act and USA Patriot Act as implemented by Idaho Central Credit Union. Team member will be asked to work extended/unique hours.
Perform tasks requiring manual dexterity (processing paperwork, filing, stapling, sorting, collating, typing, counting cash, etc.) Sit for extended periods of time. Lift 20-40 pounds of office supplies (copy paper, computer paper, mail, etc). Some heavy lifting may be required in order to execute proper event logistics. Repetitive motion using wrists, hands, and fingers. Reach keyboards. Ability to operate basic office machines (calculator, computer, telephone, copy machine, fax machine, etc).
Must be eligible for membership at Idaho Central Credit Union to obtain employment.
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability
Idaho Central Credit Union is a dynamic financial institution that is focused on helping our members achieve financial success. Established in 1940 we have become the largest and fastest growing financial institution in the state of Idaho. ICCU was voted for large companies the Best Place to work in Idaho. We have also been named by S&P Global Market Intelligence as the top performing credit union in the nation. We are a talent based organization looking for talented individuals to help our members achieve financial success.",4.2,"Idaho Central Credit Union
4.2","Chubbuck, ID",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1940,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
3,Web Data Analyst,"$65k-$79k
(Employer Est.)","Web Data Analyst
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Our customer promise is worth bragging about. Use your marketing and advertising expertise to spread the word and grow our business.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Collect web data and statistics for Uline’s various eCommerce websites (Uline.com, Uline.ca and Uline.mx).
Analyze data and provide weekly and monthly reports to management.
Make recommendations to improve website and reduce return rates.
Translate complex and analytical work into easy to understand data points.
Respond to ad hoc reporting requests and maintain relationships with various departments.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Experience using Google Analytics or Adobe Analytics.
Experience using a data visualization tool such as Power BI or Tableau.
2+ years experience in website analysis.
Proficient in Microsoft Excel with some knowledge of SQL and / or Google BigQuery.
Well organized and detail-oriented with an ability to multitask.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.

Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.

Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-SR1
#CORP",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Milwaukee, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
4,Data Analyst - Online Education,"$32k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","THIS IS NOT A REMOTE POSITION


THIS POSITION WILL BE BASED OUT OF THE

TUCSON CORPORATE OFFICE

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Utilize advanced statistical abilities and tools to interpret data sets, paying particular attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive efforts.
Prepare reports and visualizations that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions.
Assist with preparing, collecting, and analyzing quantitative (surveys, etc.) and qualitative (focus groups, etc.) data from students, faculty and staff.
Partner with stakeholders to gain a thorough understanding of needs.
Mine data from primary and secondary sources and reorganizes into a format that can be easily read by human or machine.
Work closely with IT in establishing data systems protocols for data needs.
Coach team members on how to use tools to their greatest benefit.
The list of essential functions is not exhaustive and may be supplemented.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree or higher, preferably in a computational field such as computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering.
Three (3) years of experience working with large data sets or relational databases.
Three (3) years of experience with forecasting, trend analysis, and predictive modeling.
Demonstrated experience using SQL, Excel, R or Python, and visualization platforms such as Tableau or Power BI.
Experience working in higher education preferred.
Take initiative and ownership of projects.
Problem solving and analytical skills.
Business acumen.
Time management skills and able to prioritize and deliver projects and deliverables on time.
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.
Collaborative and team focused.",4.6,"Pima Medical Institute
4.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1972,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
5,"Senior Analyst, Data Analytics & Reporting","$91k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview

Outset Medical is a commercial-stage, privately held company delivering novel technology into the growing dialysis market that has had little innovation in over a decade. FDA-cleared across the continuum of care, Outset's Tablo Hemodialysis System is an all-in-one enterprise solution for dialysis featuring real-time water purification and dialysate production on demand in a single, compact unit. The simplicity, clinical versatility and operational flexibility of the system dramatically improves the care experience for patients and families while reducing for providers the cost and complexity historically associated with dialysis care. Patients and providers benefit from the easy to learn and use touchscreen interface, while automated reporting and machine management is enabled through Tablo's two-way wireless data transmission and proprietary cloud-based data analytics platform. Outset Medical is backed by a top-tier syndicate of investors, including D1 Capital Partners, Fidelity, Mubadala, Perceptive Advisors, T. Rowe Price, The Partner Fund, and Warburg Pincus.

Position Overview

The Sr Analyst, Data Analytics & Reporting will address needs related to strategic & ad hoc analysis requests, standard reporting & presentations as well as assigned projects that many span multiple functional areas. Analytics reports will be ad hoc as well as strategic based and will focus on such areas as: sales productivity & strategies, territory utilization & design, customer activation and marketing campaign measurement. Standard reports & presentations are analytically driven and are to be produced in an accurate, timely and reliable manner. Assigned projects and associated role will vary based on needs of the organization,

Essential Job Functions and Responsibilities
Perform strategic and ad hoc analysis:
Leverages data analytics tools to create new dashboards, reports, and any additional ad-hoc requests.
Executes existing reporting and analytical responsibilities.
Ensures the quality of work output by displaying a keen attention to detail.
Presents findings in easily understood ways, focuses on how the data analytics fits into the bigger picture.
Develop and execute on standard management reports and presentations
Design, prepare, analyze and distribute standard management reports & presentations that are facilitate business discussions via insightful, accurate, comprehensive and timely presentation of relevant data.
Enhance and streamline management reporting process by adopting best-in-class modern intelligence tools and improving data quality in partnership with stakeholders in risk management, technology and business teams.
Proactively identify areas of improvement and make recommendations for new programs and process improvements.
Provide project management and develop business requirements for assigned projects.
Lead or coordinate on projects that encompass cross-functional teams and disciplines.
Build relationships across the organization such that skills & experience can be applied in new ways to further success of the organization.
Develop business requirements that can be used by other teams to perform necessary development activities.
Requirements/Qualifications
Education and Experience (List degree requirements, years of experience, certifications, etc.).
S. in Computer Science, Math, Engineering, Finance, or related quantitative field
5+ years work experience with MS Excel, MS Access, SQL Server, Tableau or comparable database systems.
Proven ability to work across all levels of the organization.
Skills and Abilities - (List required skills and abilities).
Strategic entrepreneurial thinker, able to translate business strategy to support function
Deadline-driven, organized, detailed and able to multi-task with the willingness to adapt to the rapid business and organizational demands
Good analytical, communication (both verbal and written) and presentation skills
Desire to understand the ""why"" behind the numbers",4.5,"Outset Medical
4.5","San Jose, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
6,Data Analyst,-1,"Stockpile is an innovative fintech enabling financial prosperity for the entire population. We’re a high-growth, well-funded startup based in Palo Alto bringing world-class financial experiences to a continually growing customer base. Stockpile simplifies investing.

The Data Analyst will support our leadership and functional department teams with data analysis. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product, customer, market, and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. The role uses a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.
Responsibilities
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.
Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product, marketing and business strategies.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.
Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.
Requirements
Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product and market development.
Experience using statistical computer languages (Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Coding knowledge and experience with several languages a huge advantage
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Facebook Insights, etc.
Experience with MS Office products, Google Sheets, distributed data/computing tools (MySQL), Mode
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders
Preferably a graduate of courses in mathematics, statistics, computer science, finance, or economics.
Our Company culture allows us to build a strong collaborative workplace. A community, even when we are working from home, promotes the value of supporting one another no matter what the circumstance is - a priceless perk. Explore the opportunity with us and we'll show you.

Stockpile is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.


Third Party recruiters are NOT allowed to submit unsolicited resumes to this posting or directly to any Stockpile employees. Please be aware that Stockpile is not responsible for any candidate submitted without prior agreement.",3.5,"Stockpile
3.5","Palo Alto, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Brokerage Services,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
7,Data Analyst,"$33k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our data operations team is the pharmacy support system for our customers - we help them transition to divvyDOSE, manage their prescriptions, answer their questions, and coordinate care with their health team. This work is coordinated across pharmacists, technicians, and customer support staff to ensure we provide the best care for our customers. Among other things, we transfer prescriptions to and from other pharmacies, contact medical care providers to understand treatments and request prescription refills and answer inbound questions from our customers.

You will:


Your goal is to help the operation run more effectively and efficiently through data analysis, reporting, dash-boarding, and special projects. You will help us build context through better reporting and drive the business forward by providing data-driven recommendations on ways to improve efficiency and optimize our operation. On any given day you might be presenting to our executive team, doing a deep dive on call analytics, or working with a small team to prototype and test new processes.
Become an expert and go-to resource for our process flows and our operational data
Work with operations management to develop actionable operations performance dashboards across all areas of the organization
Perform ad-hoc data analysis to identify measurable improvements to our operation, and advocate for those improvements via presentations and reports
Maintain and improve operations forecasting models
Collaborate with Finance and Technology teams to ensure we are able to continue to effectively measure our operation as technology improves
Communicate effectively and efficiently across multiple teams and work groups
Requirements
You have strong analytical and problem-solving skills
You are used to tackling very loosely defined problems and still deliver high-quality output
Advanced proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, and strong written and oral communication
Ability to adapt quickly to a changing environment
3-5 years of analyst experience
Bachelor's degree, with major in analytical or technical field strongly preferred
Experience with BI tools such as Looker or Tableau is a plus
Job Title: Data Analyst

Job Type: Full-time

FLSA Status: Exempt

Benefits

In addition to competitive salary and a unique opportunity to thrive at a growing company, divvyDOSE offers various formal benefits as well.

INSURANCE, PAID TIME OFF, & RETIREMENT

Full-time employees receive Sick days, Vacation days, and Holiday Bonuses as well as employer-paid Medical (including a Health Savings Account with an employer contribution), Dental, Vision, and Life insurance. In addition, we're proud to offer Voluntary Life & AD&D, Short Term Disability, and Long Term Disability coverage. A 401k plan with employer contribution is available, too.

SOCIAL EVENTS

In our company description, you can tell the divvyTEAM likes to have fun. Regular potlucks, company events, pizza days, wellness challenges, and divvyNEWS You Can Use updates maintain our work-hard play-hard culture.

divvyDOSE provides equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status, or other legally protected classification in the state in which a person is seeking employment. Applicants encouraged to confidentially self-identify when applying. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Drug-free work environment. Must be eligible to work in the United States.

Apply for this job",3.4,"divvyDOSE
3.4","Moline, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
8,Business Analyst - Digital Data and Analytics Virtual Hiring Event,-1,"Kforce Hiring Event!

Event Details
Date: Tuesday, October 13, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Internal Audit

Director of Financial Planning & Analysis

IT Manager

Senior Financial Analyst

Accounting Manager

Accounts Payable Specialist

Tableau Consultant

Senior Internal Auditor

Payroll Manager

VP of Finance

Human Resource Generalist

Staff Accountant

API Architect

Application Systems Analyst

Mortgage Processor

Business Analyst - Digital Data and Analytics

Active Directory Engineer

Lead Developer

Intake Details:

What to bring to this event

Resume

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Business casual (dress pants/skirt, button down/blouse, optional tie).

About Kforce

Choosing a career is one of the hardest decisions you make in your life. And we are here to help. We’re here to understand you. Your goals. Your unique skills. Your purpose.

As a professional staffing and solutions firm, we specialize in building and managing Technology and Finance & Accounting teams across top employers nationwide. It’s our mission to help you achieve success by maintaining strong, lasting relationships.

We value your input. And because you tell us how to be better, we’ve earned the best reputation among our peers. We're honored to have top Glassdoor ratings, world-class Net Promoter® Scores (NPS) from both clients and consultants and top brand recognition among IT consultants.

As a Best of Staffing® Award winner for the last 5 years, our 2,000 career experts take pride in matching talented professionals with our world-class clients. We have relationships with cutting-edge companies, and they need experts like you.

Ready to take the next step in your career? Count on us to be your champion.

We Love What We Do. We Love Who We Serve.®

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

Kforce has a client in search of a Business Analyst - Digital Data Analytics in Benton Harbor, MI. Overview: You are able to lead technical digital data projects autonomously and unlock the value of data. You have a proven track record of establishing Data Engineering processes at previous companies and care deeply about using data to solve business problems. Duties:

Conceive, lead, and execute projects to manage an exceptional data access solution, supporting user requests from various stakeholder groups
Work with a wide range of business partners, particularly in GIS and product management, to develop innovative analytics solutions that address top outcomes, including feature development/enhancement, system health monitoring, testing, and troubleshooting
Building strong relationships with stakeholders and mentoring junior team members

Requirements

Bachelor's degree required
2 years of experience required
Experience working with web analytics and digital media performance data
Experience with or exposed to Google Analytics, Adobe DTM, Adobe Launch, data warehouse, data-lake or data virtualization solutions
Knowledgeable about data analysis/visualization tools such as Tableau
Knowledge and understanding of data governance challenges and best practices for website analytics tagging, metadata, data quality, and data stewardship
Know about data profiling or defining data quality rules - especially digital data collected digitally using Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Google Ads, etc.
Experience writing/editing internal communications or training-related materials in a corporate environment
Skilled in interpreting business measurement/reporting needs; Coordinate multiple stakeholder requests and project activities at any one time to ensure accurate, timely, and efficient reporting and analysis deliverables
Business analyst - able to synthesize data and draw insights; Able to present insights directly to business stakeholders
Understanding of digital data - like website analytics data and media analytics data

Preferred:

Experience working with multiple data sources - web data, SAP/HANA, CRM, etc.
Has experience combining different data sources into one report - either directly or leveraging a data team

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Know someone perfect for this role? Recommend your friends and make money when they're hired using our app, KFORCEconnect. The more you refer, the more you earn! Download the app today to Connect. Refer. Get Paid.

Kforce is a solutions firm that builds and manages expert teams in technology and finance & accounting. We deliver on our client's objectives by combining a global knowledge force with flexible delivery and an unmatched drive for excellence. Kforce not only serves as a trusted partner to our customers, providing next level insights and powerful results, but also offers many consultants comprehensive benefits including medical, dental, 401(K), life insurance and disability.",4.1,"Kforce
4.1","Grand Rapids, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1966,Company - Public,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
9,Treasury Data Analyst,"$46k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number:
4141

Job Title:
Treasury Data Analyst

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
SUMMARY: The Treasury Analyst supports execution and provides ad hoc analysis across all treasury functions including risk management, funding & liquidity, forecasting, and reporting.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.

Analysis
Run long-term deposit analysis projects to identify opportunities to efficiently grow the retail deposit portfolio. This analysis will include developing, testing, and maintaining statistical behavioral models and reporting findings to senior management.
Develop reporting tools to streamline reporting and increase depth of understanding of customer behavior and customer lifetime value.
Develop adhoc analytics around liquidity management, funding alternatives and execution, and opportunity cost of different approaches to funding.

Reporting / Reconciliation
Enhance standard daily and periodic reporting and maintain process documentation for all relevant reports including funding mix/cost of funds and certain liquidity metrics.
Testing and implementation of new technology tools including Tableau dashboards and other platforms.
Develop new dashboard and key metrics to monitor liquidity and funding profile across various portfolios, time horizons, and markets.

Operations
Act as occasional back up for cash position reporting and exception pricing processing and escalation of non-standard pricing requests.
Maintain up-to-date process documentation around reporting processes including data sources and inputs.
Engage with different groups across IT, operations, and product development to enhance reporting, identify new data sources, and enhance the bank's understanding of customer behaviors.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Accounting, or related fields from an accredited institution
CFA or MsF preferred
Minimum 3 years in corporate treasury or financial services required
Alternate combination of education and experience may be considered
Experience with statistical modeling or econometric modeling including data management, model development, and interpreting and presenting results
Strong skills in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and ability to clearly communicate
Proficiency in statistical modeling/programming languages such as R, Python, or SQL required
Willingness to learn new analysis, querying, and data visualization programs required",3.0,"BankUnited
3.0","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
10,Data Analyst,"$45k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Data / Accounting Analyst

Interact with all levels of the organization to develop actionable analytics in an environment with a 4.4 Glassdoor rating

About Ellson:

Ellison Technologies is a 300+ person provider of advanced machining solutions to North American metal-cutting manufacturers and their global affiliates. As a family of companies we are committed to the survival and growth of the American manufacturing industry. Independent offices provide us a local market focus and the flexibility to advocate the needs of each of our valued customers.

Our priority is to introduce technologies that strengthen our customers’ ability to compete in the markets they serve. Whether the solution involves a stand alone machine, multi-process equipment, or an integrated manufacturing system with robotic automation, our goal remains the same; to optimize throughput and quality at the lowest per-part manufacturing cost.

“The Ellison Way principles continue to drive our company forward. The Ellison Way principle of Adaptation will ensure that Ellison will evolve to further grow market share, strengthen our relationships with our key partners Doosan and our customers. The major focus moving forward must be on the development of Ellison’s most valuable resource – its people."" - Graham Hooper (CEO)

More information please visit us at https://www.ellisontechnologies.com/about-us, or at our Glassdoor page.

Responsibilities


All though not all inclusive, we expect the following daily and weekly activities to take place.
reporting to the VP of Accounting and Finance this role will interact with all levels of the organization from Marketing, to regional presidents and sales leaders to gain a comprehensive understanding of the business needs.
Collect and analyze data from myriad sources (UCC filings, USMTO, marketing, accounting, order and revenue centers, etc.) to develop actionable insights for members of the leadership team
Develop and maintain dynamic financial forecasts utilizing business models
Responsible for ad hoc reporting request from all levels of management Create visually impactful data, with tools such as Tableau, to explain statistical results of analysis.
Coordinates and assists in the development of Excel-based Macros used for all the firm’s statistical analyses
Track and analyze business cost/expenses on a monthly/weekly basis
Use strong verbal and written communication skills to interface with internal clients.
Generate KPI reports indicating areas for business improvement
Qualifications


What do we expect the right candidate will possess?
At least 6 months of experience (this could include internship programs) collecting and analyze data from myriad sources (UCC filings, USMTO, marketing, accounting, order and revenue centers, etc.) to develop actionable insights for members of the leadership team
Experience using Tableau or similar tool
A bachelors degree in statistics, math, economics, business or accounting (note that this is not a data base administrator or IT position)
Strong Excel acumen including the development of Excel-based macros
An ability to communicate across all levels of the organization
(local candidates only please)
""Ellison Technologies is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.” ***

#ZR *PM18",4.4,"ELLISON TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
4.4","Santa Fe Springs, Los Angeles, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1955,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
11,Data Analyst,-1,"Please do not apply through Glassdoor.
The only way you will be considered is if you follow the link at the bottom of the page and take a very short quiz.
What are we looking for?
We are looking for a technically savvy database-oriented Analyst with good people skills and the ability to pick up new business concepts and technologies.
The ideal candidate will possess:
At least 4 years of experience.
A strong to very strong working knowledge of SQL and Python.
An ability to write and troubleshoot complex SQL procedures.
The desire to understand business events through data.
An understanding of Data Warehousing and ETL techniques.
High level understanding in at least one scripting language such as Ruby, Shell, Python.
An interest in learning large data set processing with MapReduce/Hadoop/Pig/etc.
Linux skills are a plus.
Good client relations skills strongly preferred.
Who are we?
Raybeam, Inc. is a software engineering and consulting company focused on strategic consulting, business intelligence, and online/database marketing for the past fifteen years. We have offices near Boston and San Francisco and support a strong list of clients including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, eBay, Disney, One Kings Lane, Beachbody and Hilton Worldwide.
What do we do?
We provide technology solutions by architecting and developing enterprise systems using a variety of programming languages, tools and platforms. This can range from building data warehouses, to web applications to implementing reporting platforms. We work in small teams, own the projects that we work on, and have direct input into the business decisions of our clients.
What do you get from working for Raybeam?
A fun, supportive work environment that promotes camaraderie and growth.
The chance to travel and network with important figures in the industry.
The chance to have input into business decisions of our clients.
The opportunity to learn technologies that you've always wanted but never had the chance.
If you are interested in applying for the position please click on the link below to take a short quiz.
http://careerseval.raybeam.com/sign_in
Please note that Raybeam, Inc. is currently unable to provide sponsorship and we will only consider local candidates.
COVID-19 considerations:
Due to COVID, all employees are currently working remotely. When it is safe to do so, we will return to the office.",4.7,"Raybeam
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
12,Data Analyst,"$39k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst, St. Louis or multiple locations

St. Louis preferred, but will consider: Arlington, WI Evansville, IN Huxley, IA Williamsburg, IA Lubbock, TX Monmouth, IL Ankeny, IA
*No C2C or sponsorship, must be our W2**
4-6 Years of experience working with one or more of the following tools: SAS, Spotfire, J-Review, R, SAS, JavaScript, Python, or Perl
Thorough understanding of data standards
ilter, tag, join, parse, and normalize data sets for use in analytical models.
Create reports and dashboards from a variety of data.
Work with data manager or steward to resolve data quality issues and with data scientists to understand their workflows and requirements. Manage model degradation and ensure models remain predictive.
Good data wrangling, some statistics & linear algebra skills.
Create operative business insights for business stakeholders, and use the outputs of the Data Scientists in operative business. Decomposition of complex problems, expert knowledge in data, tools, and methods, storytelling and communication, business acumen.",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
13,Quality Assurance Analyst - Data Warehouse ETL,"$41k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Quality Assurance Analyst - Data Warehouse ETL
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Uncover your full potential in a collaborative environment where you'll design, develop and deliver custom solutions to big challenges. And you'll be doing it for a proven industry leader that runs one of the largest e-commerce sites in the U.S.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Plan and execute testing activities for data warehouse project.
Create and execute tests of ETL processes.
Validate data quality.
Test downstream consumption of reports and calculations.
Develop, execute and maintain test plans, test scenarios, test suites and test cases.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in information technology, computer science or related discipline.
Proficient at independently writing complex SQL queries.
Fundamental knowledge of data warehouse concepts.
4+ years of QA (quality assurance) experience in an IT environment.
4 years experience in data warehouse testing.

Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.

Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Pleasant Prairie, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
14,IT Metric Data Analyst,"$38k-$67k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Learn, grow, and achieve more with HSA Bank.

HSA Bank has over 20 years of experience in guiding our customers toward sound financial decisions, and we warmly invite you to join us in delivering a genuine, values-based experience to all we serve. Our team takes immense pride in offering our customers financial products designed to protect their health and wealth.

Founded in 1997, we are a leading provider of Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) and other healthcare solutions used by over 35,000 employers and more than 3 million members. HSA Bank is a division of Webster Bank, N.A., a national banking services provider.

Summary:

The IT Metrics Data Analyst is responsible for external reporting on HSA Banks SLAs, internal reporting for required information and/or metrics. This position is responsible for proactively leveraging this data, incidents and system information to a) identify, b) prescribe and c) predict based on the data analysis opportunities for improvements.

Job Responsibilities:

The IT Metrics Data Analyst assists the Change Manager during absences and/or conflicts. This requires the position to understand, facilitate and execute the Change Management functions necessary to support the bank.
Executes the Change Management process tasks in adherence with global and local requirements
Coordinates and manages the Incident Management process activities across departments and ensure meeting SLAs
Escalates risks and issues to the IT Service Delivery Manager
Supports IT reporting (KPIs and customer SLAs)
Assists the Incident Management in ensuring consistent end-to-end application of the Incident Management process
Drives the execution of the Service Level Management process
Is responsible for the complete process adherence to SLAs
Design appropriate metrics for reporting on key performance and quality indicators in relation to IT, particularly in terms of in-depth trend analysis
Integrate with Problem Management performing deep dives on issues, analyzing root cause and provide recommendations for improvements and efficiencies
Creating documentation for advance workflows including monitoring, processing and administrative
Other duties as assigned
Skills/Education:
Minimum 4 years' experience in Service Delivery.
ITIL certification or relevant experience with ITIL implementations required.
Experience with ServiceNow Preferred
Solid leadership and communication skills (written and verbal)
Proven ability to work in a high pressure, client facing environment.
Solid problem-solving skills; must be detailed and results oriented.
Strong time management/planning skills, must be able to allocate resources for a 24x7 on call support environment
SQL Server Studio, EDI, XML, FTP, SCOM, ActiveBatch, BASIC, MS Office Suite
#LI-BY1

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled",2.9,"HSA Bank
2.9","Milwaukee, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
15,Business Data Analyst,"$42k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title:
Business Data Analyst

Location:
US, Texas, Plano
Role Overview:


McAfee is looking for a Data Analyst to join our team. You will analyze our Consumer Growth Marketing acquisition and Retention Business including digital channel performance, A/B testing, and more. You will be providing cross-department marketing insights to influence media systems, strategy, creative and content teams. You will report to the head of customer insights and analytics.



Company Overview


From device to cloud, McAfee provides market-leading cybersecurity solutions for both business and consumers. We help businesses orchestrate cyber environments that are truly integrated, where protection, detection, and correction of security threats happen simultaneously. For consumers, McAfee secures your devices against viruses, malware, and other threats, both at home and away. We want to continue to shape the future of cybersecurity by working together to build best in class products and solutions.

About the role:
You will work with other analysts and data scientists helping them with important insights on customer journey and on important metrics performance.
You will perform data analysis across all applicable marketing technologies, and communicate insights and recommendations based on findings
You will summarize data from multiple sources, developing assumptions where needed, to communicate insight and opportunity internally & externally
You will build analysis, data visualizations, and reporting that provides important insights required for decision making in the organization
You will organize the analytical needs of the business, collaborate in the design of diagnostic solutions, developing experimentation backlog based on opportunity ranking and provide data products and insights
You will translate business functional requirements into technical specifications for data and reporting teams and, conversely, technical approaches into easily digestible insights
About you:
You have experience transforming data trends into useful customer insights business can use to guide data-driven strategy and customer experience
You have 3+ years of experience in a digital role working with data, excels, and business models as part of a marketing team
You have previously worked in Digital, Traditional, and Business to Consumer marketing teams
You have knowledge of PowerBI, Azure, Adobe Analytics, or Google Analytics
You have experience using Excel pivot tables and Vlookups
You have experience and an understanding of SQL
You have worked with Tableau, Power BI or similar visualization tools
You are familiar or interested in ever-growing Internet technologies and marketing tactics like Search, Social, or SEO
Company Benefits and Perks:


We work hard to embrace diversity and inclusion and encourage everyone at McAfee to bring their authentic selves to work every day. We offer a variety of social programs, flexible work hours and family-friendly benefits to all of our employees.
Pension and Retirement Plans
Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
Paid Time Off
Paid Parental Leave
Support for Community Involvement
We're serious about our commitment to diversity which is why McAfee prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.

Job Type:


Experienced Hire

Primary Location:
US, Texas, Plano

Additional Locations:",3.6,"McAfee
3.6","Plano, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
16,Data Analyst,"$45k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB SUMMARY
The Credit Services Risk Management team is a large and complex critical function for company success. We are staffed with highly-skilled and motivated individuals with a large emphasis on analytical abilities & problem solving skills. The Sr. Data Analyst will provide critical analysis to enhance credit risk functions such as underwriting and/or collections. This person will be the central point of contact to drive business decisions by leveraging deep analytics.

MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Provide recommendations for new or enhanced strategies to reduce losses and to retain customers
Partner with others to build predictive models and/or to implement solutions in production processes
Ensures that programming tasks are completed before the deadline and are fully tested with minimal defects
Gather business requirements. This individual will need to work with leadership and business partners to identify data and reporting needs for analysis
Develop/select methodologies to derive answers to business problems
Analyze data to provide meaningful insights. This individual must have strong data manipulation and interpretation skills, and be able to quantitatively assess business problems
Identify data sources and data attributes across and outside the company that will support the business needs
Conduct analyses that drive meaningful change on key objectives established by senior Charter leadership
Synthesize actionable insights by joining together large data sets from across the company, and applying appropriate analytical techniques
Communicate findings clearly and concisely through narrative-driven presentations and effective data visualizations to Charter executives and decision makers
Develop analytic plans and testable hypotheses for key business questions raised by partners to ensure that all important questions are addressed fully, appropriately, and accurately
Perform other duties as may be requested by manager
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
Strong expertise in SQL
Business and quantitative analysis experience using packages such as SAS/Python/R
Ability to communicate orally and in writing in a clear and straightforward manner
Ability to plan, prioritize and organize effectively
Ability to adapt to change
Detail oriented, self-motivated, proactive and results driven
Highly energetic; ability to partner across business lines; a go-getter who seeks out information and does not wait for others to reach out
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience in scripting languages such as Java/Ruby/Perl.
Experience in using large databases; conducting complex analysis languages as noted above
Solving business problems through deep analytics
Ability to see patterns in the data where others are unable to;
Desire to use large databases and complex analysis to solve problems
Ability to explain complex analysis results in an easy-to-understand language
Advance skills in Excel, PowerPoint and Access
Excellent quantitative analysis skills
Ability to create conceptual frameworks enabling the analysis of varied business problems
Education
B.S. in quantitative sciences, including statistics, computer science, engineering, Business with focus on analytics. M.S. in a similar discipline preferred.

Related Work Experience
3+ years experience solving business problems through deep analytics
Industry experience in Financial services, insurance or actuarial services or medical research preferred but not required
WORKING CONDITIONS
Office Environment",3.0,"SPECTRUM
3.0","Stamford, CT",-1,10000+ Employees,2016,Subsidiary or Business Segment,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,$10+ billion (USD),-1
17,Data Analyst,-1,"Our client, a high-growth investment management company located Downtown Chicago, is looking to add a Data Analyst to their team! The company has more than doubled their asset portfolio in less than 2 years due to acquisitions. This is a newly-created role due to the rapid growth!

They utilized data from proprietary sources that is both structured and unstructured. The Data Analyst will work closely with the technologists and data scientists and be responsible for the day to day data management operations of the firm.

Job Description:
Sourcing and management of data sets to support strategy and segmentation function.
Segmentation, ad hoc analytics, and test design to support decisioning within collections and recovery.
Support through interpretation of monthly performance results across collections portfolios including shifts in customer risk profile as well as strategy performance.
Drive profitability assessment of strategies through risk / return analysis using financial modelling.
The ideal candidate will have:
Bachelors Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, Economics, Finance, or other quantitative fields.
Masters Degree preferred
Financial services experience preferred
2+ years of experience in analytics (ideally scorecard development / monitoring, customer segmentation, strategy development in Credit Risk, Marketing or Collection). Graduate Degree with 1+ years of experience will also be considered.
Working knowledge of SQL
Proficiency in scripting languages R, Python, etc
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Management: 2 years (Preferred)
Data Warehouse: 2 years (Preferred)
Data Mining: 2 years (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,International Financial Group (IFG),"Chicago, IL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
18,"Senior Data Analyst, Customer Operations","$85k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We’re looking for a Senior Data Analyst who has a love of mentorship, data visualization, and generating actionable insights from raw data. You will join the Insights & Analytics team, a team tasked with developing insights and reporting to support our customers and advisors’ needs. This team sits within the Customer Operations team, but is also connected to the Product organization.

The majority of your work will be with Customer Operations stakeholders to set Indicators and evaluate the effectiveness of current strategies and workflows. You’ll be an organizational influencer—generating insights with a good degree of autonomy. You will be involved in many aspects of data operations, from data auditing to building dashboards and analytical insights. In addition to reporting and dashboarding, you will analyze the customer journey on our Help Center page and analyze text-based interactions with our advisors and chatbot to improve care quality. You will be a mentor to all other members of the analytics team, which demands that you excel in a culture of teaching and learning.

You will report to the Manager of the Insights & Analytics team, Customer Operations in Squarespace’s New York offices.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop KPIs, reports, and dashboards using BI/data visualization tools
Perform and communicate impactful analyses, using SQL and R/Python to improve the customer experience and influence Customer Operations and Product roadmap
Raise the skill level of the analytics team through reviewing code, organizing training sessions, acting as a mentor, and introducing methods and tools
Help design experiments and pilots, setting clear hypotheses and success metrics, and using the right statistical methods for analyses
Work with Customer Operations and Product partners.
Partner with the Data Engineering team in pursuit of better data modeling and data quality
QUALIFICATIONS
4 or more years of experience as a data analyst, data scientist, or in a relevant field in which you have worked with large datasets to transform data to meaningful insights
Mastery of SQL, and experience with R/Python
Experience with dashboarding/BI tools like Chartio, Looker, Tableau
Experience with data cleaning, analysis, and presentation to non-technical partners
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative or logic-driven discipline
Deep love of mentorship and generating insights
Preferred: Advanced degree (Master’s or PhD) in quantitative field
Preferred: Experience with topic modeling, text analytics/natural language processing
About Squarespace

Squarespace makes beautiful products to help people with creative ideas succeed. By blending elegant design and sophisticated engineering, we empower millions of people — from individuals and local artists to entrepreneurs shaping the world’s most iconic businesses — to share their stories with the world. Squarespace’s team of more than 1,000 is headquartered in downtown New York City, with offices in Dublin and Portland. For more information, visit www.squarespace.com/about.

Benefits & Perks
Health insurance with 100% premium covered for you and your dependent children
Flexible vacation & paid time off
Up to 20 weeks of paid family leave
Equity plan for all employees
Retirement benefits with employer match
Fertility and adoption benefits
Free lunch and snacks at all offices
Education reimbursement
Dog-friendly workplace in New York office
Commuter benefit in the form of reduced tax (Ireland) and pretax (US)
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customer base, but we also strive for the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.3,"Squarespace
3.3","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
19,Data Governance Analyst,"$44k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Governance Analyst will act as an intermediary between the business community and the technical community working with business clients, data stewards, and IT project teams to influence and drive our enterprise data governance program including data quality and data catalog implementation. The Data Governance Analyst will establish and ensure adherence to an enterprise data governance program framework for data policies, standards, and best practices. This role is data-centric and requires analysis and demonstrated knowledge in data governance and data quality to aid in building an enterprise data-driven culture.

Develop and maintain data governance policies, guidelines, standards, procedures, and communications in collaboration with data stewards and development teams.
Assist data stewards with the creation, documentation, and adherence of data governance standards.
Monitor and enforce compliance of data governance standards.
Participate in process mapping for data decision rights, and the development of business policies and practices for managing data.
Assist with the development and maintenance of data decision rights and stewardship.
Build partnerships with business stakeholders to anticipate opportunities for data management governance activities and projects.
Assist with the development and implementation of data quality standards, data protection standards and adoption requirements across the enterprise.
Assist in maintaining the business data catalog and ensuring data quality standards are met.
Maintain data governance processes and controls by working with project and business leaders to analyze the impact of future changes on critical data sources and mitigate any potential risks to data quality.
Estimate and assess impact of requested changes to assigned business stakeholders/systems.
Liaise with business systems stakeholders and software vendor’s implementation staff, ensuring alignment of business needs with delivery of systems changes.
Develop an understanding of operational needs to set the direction for the organization's workflows; proactively identify opportunities to improve business workflow with technology improvements.
Participate in training and work with end users.
Troubleshoot problems and questions.
Provide end-user support for data quality issues entered into issue tracking systems.
Review the status of projects and issues with project leadership.
Demonstrate flexibility with respect to changing end-user business needs.
Work within a cross-functional team.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Ability and willingness to take ownership of work activities and ensure that they are done in a timely, accurate and efficient manner.
Ability and willingness to recognize assignments or tasks that need to be completed, to seek out additional assignments or tasks and to help others.
Ability to communicate information clearly and concisely with project leadership, subject matter experts and key stakeholders.
Ability to persevere in difficult situations, overcome obstacles, and reach high levels of performance when faced with stressful work situations and time pressures.
Ability and willingness to learn new software applications.
Strong analytical skills, business intuition, and organizational ability.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, ability to operate in a cross functional and complex matrix environment.
Adaptable, open to change and able to work in ambiguous situations and respond to new information or unexpected circumstances.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to lift up to 10 pounds for approximately 5% of a typical working day.
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 90% of a typical working day.
Ability and means to travel between Madison locations.
Ability to travel 5% of working time away from work location, may include overnight/weekend travel.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/MIS or related field; or High School Degree/General Education Diploma and 4 years of relevant experience in lieu of Bachelor's degree.
2+ years of experience in a Data Governance, Data Management or data centric role.
2+ years of experience with the identification/documentation of Data Governance policies & standards across the enterprise data management practices.
Basic computer skills to include Internet navigation, Email usage, and word processing.
Proficient in Microsoft Office.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Preferred Qualifications
Professional working knowledge with Data Governance Principles.
Professional working knowledge with data management in a life sciences, healthcare or related industry.
Ability to facilitate and present to a variety of audiences.
#LI-MW1

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.",4.0,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.0","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
20,Data Analyst,-1,"Position Number: 347630

Location: Saint Louis, MO 63146

Position Type: Temporary

Required Skill Set:
Data Analysis, JavaScript, Python, SAS, Spotfire

Position Description:
*C2C is not available**
*Only U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. can be considered as W2 candidates.**
Location: St. Louis, MO 63146
Duration: 6 months

Data Analyst
Knowledge in working with one or more of the following tools: SAS, Spotfire, J-Review, R, SAS, JavaScript, Python, or Perl
A thorough understanding of data standards
Filter, tag, join, parse, and normalize data sets for use in analytical models.
Create reports and dashboards from a versatility of data.
Work with data manager or steward to resolve data quality issues and with data scientists to understand their workflows and requirements.
Manage model degradation.
Ensure models remain predictive.
Good data wrangling, some statistics & linear algebra skills.
Create operative business insights for business stakeholders, and use the outputs of the Data Scientists in operative business.
Decomposition of complex problems, expert knowledge in data, tools, and methods, storytelling and communication, business acumen.
4-6 Years of Experience
Other locations considered:
Arlington, WI
Evansville, IN
Huxley, IA
Williamsburg, IA
Lubbock, TX
Monmouth, IL
Ankeny, IA",4.4,"Rose International
4.4","Saint Louis, MO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
21,Data Analyst - Merch/Food and Bev,"$53k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOIN US AS A DATA ANALYST MERCH / FOOD AND BEVERAGE

About us:

Target is an iconic brand, a Fortune 50 company and one of Americas leading retailers.

Behind one of the worlds best loved brands is a uniquely capable and brilliant team ofdata analysts. The Target Merchant Analytics team creates thetools and data productsto sustainably educate and enable our business partners to make greatdata-based decisions at Target. We are experts in data sourcing, data visualizations, and providing action oriented insights used by clients throughout the enterprise. We also play a key role in identifying the test-and-measureor A/B testopportunitiesthat continuously help Target improve the guest experience, whether they love to shop in stores or at Target.com.

OVERVIEW

As a Data Analyst, youll be part of an agile analyst team, supporting Target merchandising by actively exploring data and sourcing it for specific use cases. You would join and create measureable insights from the data to be shared; development of metrics, reports and statistics. You would document calculations, code and adhering to data management principles and validating and testing data assets of others in the form of peer review. You would explore statistical analysis that could be applied to the data. Help in performing descriptive statistics including mean, variance, median correlation. Train and communicate output to users to gather feedback and apply insights and testing in partnership with business users. In addition, active participation in team meetings, support agile ceremonies and train other data analysts on technical solutions. Youll work directly with managers, engineering and business users to gain insight and access to relevant data. Youll engage with product owners and users to deliver completed work. Develop additional metrics and insights that advance user stories via data discovery and enrichment. Job duties may change at any time due to business needs.

About you:
4 year degree or equivalent quantitative work experience
Understands Programming: SQL, Python, Scala; test driven development
Ability to learn, use, and teach reporting tools
Understand BI and Data dependencies
Demonstrates strong Math and/or Statistics; Mathematical logic (AND, OR, NOT); Descriptive Statistics; Applied Calculus (weighted averages, rates of change, single variable)
Statistical modeling
Demonstrate Testing and Research design; apply the scientific method and experimental design; generate insight from observation data
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)

Target will provide reasonable accommodations (such as a qualified sign language interpreter or other personal assistance) with the application process upon your request as required to comply with applicable laws. If you have a disability and require assistance in this application process, please visit your nearest Target store or Distribution Center or reach out to Guest Services at 1-800-440-0680 for additional information.",3.6,"Target
3.6","Minneapolis, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,General Merchandise & Superstores,Retail,$10+ billion (USD),-1
22,Data Analyst,"$36k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Duties and Responsibilities:
Design reports in web-based analysis tools, Crystal Reports, and label systems
Client data loads into SQL database
Monitor business systems through queries to alert and resolve issues
Provide initial technical support and analysis to business users
On-boarding and testing of EDI trading partners in ERP system
Maintaining industry standards documentation
Skills and Specifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft SQL and how to write SQL queries is required
Proficiency with Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio
ETL (extract, transform, load) skills
Crystal Reports or SSRS
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word)
General knowledge of ERP systems and business processes
Education and Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in Information Systems, MIS, or Computer Science
Authorized to work for any company in the United States
Written and oral communication in English required
Must reside in the Toledo, Ohio area, no relocation available
Competitive Benefits Package:
Competitive compensation will be based on educational background
Health Insurance and company paid health care spending account
401(k)
Holiday, personal, and vacation paid time off",4.0,"Tech Group International
4.0","Toledo, OH",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
23,Market Risk Data Analyst - Senior Manager (Financial Services),-1,"A career in our Analytics Technology practice, within Data and Analytics Technology services, will provide you with the opportunity to help organisations uncover enterprise insights and drive business results using smarter data analytics. We focus on a collection of organisational technology capabilities, including business intelligence, data management, and data assurance that help our clients drive innovation, growth, and change within their organisations in order to keep up with the changing nature of customers and technology. Youll make impactful decisions by mixing mind and machine to leverage data, understand and navigate risk, and help our clients gain a competitive edge. Our team helps clients navigate various analytics applications to get the most value out of their technology investment and foster confidence in their business intelligence. As part of our team, youll help our clients implement enterprise content and data management applications that improve operational effectiveness and provide impactful data analytics and insights.

To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.

As a Senior Manager, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Encourage everyone to have a voice and invite opinion from all, including quieter members of the team.
Deal effectively with ambiguous and unstructured problems and situations.
Initiate open and candid coaching conversations at all levels.
Move easily between big picture thinking and managing relevant detail.
Anticipate stakeholder needs, and develop and discuss potential solutions, even before the stakeholder realises they are required.
Contribute technical knowledge in area of specialism.
Contribute to an environment where people and technology thrive together to accomplish more than they could apart.
Navigate the complexities of cross-border and/or diverse teams and engagements.
Initiate and lead open conversations with teams, clients and stakeholders to build trust.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
7 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree Preferred:
Master Degree

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Management, Management Information Systems, Information Technology, Financial Mathematics, Applied Physics, Data Processing/Analytics/Science

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:

Demonstrates intimate-level abilities and/or a proven record of success managing efforts with identifying and addressing client needs.
Demonstrates a proven record of success developing, validating or auditing models within the Financial Services sector, including; the banking industry, consulting, or government regulatory positions, in the following areas: securities and derivatives valuation and risk management, including retail and/or wholesale, market and credit risk models, mortgage prepayment models, and/or complex discounted cash flow models;
Specializes in econometric and analytical modeling, statistical and machine learning techniques for analyzing large sets of financial data, including: sampling, hypothesis testing, optimization; time series, regression, decision tree, and cluster analyses;
Displays techniques for visualizing complex financial data analyses;
Utilizes working knowledge of the regulatory guidance on model risk management, including model documentation and model validation report writing;
Demonstrates abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas: model development, testing, documentation, and validation tasks for pricing/valuation, risk, or capital models;
Specializes in advanced statistical and/or econometric modeling utilizing SAS or R software, Excel/VBA, SQL, Python and other programming languages and applications;
Displays ability to identify and address client needs, which includes: building relationships with clients, developing an awareness of Firm services, approaching client in an organized manner, and delivering clear requests for information;
Provides problem solving skills, communicates effectively in written and verbal formats to various audiences (including various levels of management and external clients) in a professional business environment;
Displays ability to research and analyze pertinent client, industry, and technical matters;
Demonstrates ability to contributes to a positive working environment by building relationships with team members; proactively seeking guidance, clarification and feedback;
Demonstrates ability to identify, escalate and communicate potential issues and conflicts; and,
Utilizes flexibility in handling multiple tasks by prioritizing and focusing on successful execution.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.",3.8,"PwC
3.8","Chicago, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1998,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
24,"Senior Business Data Analyst, Consumer Marketing","$55k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title:
Senior Business Data Analyst, Consumer Marketing

Location:
US, Texas, Plano
Role Overview:


McAfee is looking for an experienced Senior Business Analyst to join our digital marketing team. You will analyze our Consumer Growth Marketing acquisition and Retention Business including digital channel performance, channel forecasting, leading root cause analysis, and more. You will provide cross-department marketing insights to influence media systems, strategy, creative and content teams. You will build internal measurement and reporting processes and implement our results dashboards. You will report to the head of customer insights and analytics.This is a high visibility role working with sales, finance, and senior business leaders.



Company Overview


From device to cloud, McAfee provides market-leading cybersecurity solutions for both business and consumers. We help businesses orchestrate cyber environments that are truly integrated, where protection, detection, and correction of security threats happen simultaneously. For consumers, McAfee secures your devices against viruses, malware, and other threats, both at home and away. We want to continue to shape the future of cybersecurity by working together to build best in class products and solutions.

About the role:
You will work with global business leads helping them with strategy discussions aiding with important insights on customer journey and on important metrics performance.
You will perform data analysis across all applicable marketing technologies, and communicate insights and recommendations based on findings
You will summarize data from multiple sources, developing assumptions where needed, to communicate insight and opportunity
You will build analysis, data visualizations, and reporting that provides important insights
You will organize our needs, collaborate in the design of diagnostic solutions, developing experimentation backlog based on opportunity ranking and achieve data products and insights
You will translate requirements into technical specifications for data and reporting teams and, conversely, technical approaches into easily digestible insights
You will work with the digital marketers to build time series, seasonality and forecasting models on demand and play a data science role.
You will develop processes and protocols for data monitoring, hygiene (e.g, validation), and other strategies that help uncover gaps and opportunities to improve the business
You will conduct cross-training sessions with team about new tools and techniques for mining customer insights
You will interpret and use data science models, interpret results, draw conclusions about findings and tell a story with data findings.
You will create informative reporting that highlights relevant business trends and opportunities for improvement
About you:
You have experience transforming data trends into useful customer insights to improve data-driven strategy and customer experience
You have professional experience in a digital role working with data, excels, business models as part of a marketing team
You have 5+ years of experience working in Digital, Traditional and B2C Marketing teams
You have a working knowledge of PowerBI, Azure, Adobe Analytics, or Google Analytics
You have experience using advanced Excel features (pivot tables, vlookups)
You have basic skills in SQL and experience with Tableau, PowerBI, or other visualization tools
You have an interest in ever-growing Internet technologies, current online trends, and marketing tactics (Search, Social, SEO, or Email)
Company Benefits and Perks:


We work hard to embrace diversity and inclusion and encourage everyone at McAfee to bring their authentic selves to work every day. We offer a variety of social programs, flexible work hours and family-friendly benefits to all of our employees.
Pension and Retirement Plans
Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
Paid Time Off
Paid Parental Leave
Support for Community Involvement
We're serious about our commitment to diversity which is why McAfee prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.

Job Type:


Experienced Hire

Primary Location:
US, Texas, Plano

Additional Locations:
US, California, San Jose",3.6,"McAfee
3.6","Plano, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
25,Data Analyst,"$40k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is a contract role in the public sector. It does offer working remotely until all workers' are back in the office during this health crisis then the position will be working in the office Monday - Friday. The role is scheduled to go for about 4 months or so. Primary responsibilities include data analysis, data collection, fiscal analysis, and data sharing.

Responsibilities:

Developing and running data quality assurance programs,

Communicating findings to team and adding new QA rules and standards to programming.

Data analysis for a variety of internal and external projects and stakeholders,

Developing report-ready presentations of data in graphic and tabular form

Data collection by accessing outside data sources, such as census data, GPS data, internal statistical reporting database and others and incorporating such data into analyses.

Identifying data quality issues related to survey instruments and making recommendations for improvements,

Maintaining and modifying survey instruments.

Collaborate with IT in their efforts to develop dashboards and reports for a variety of purposes

Managing and documenting source datasets for all dashboarding projects, which involves working with IT and other teams,

Creating datasets and documentation per specifications for agency-wide data sharing.

Skills and Experience:

Bachelor's Degree

Proficient in R or SAS, and advanced Excel (mandatory)

Proficient in Access, Qualtrics, PowerBI (desirable)

Experience with fiscal analysis

Four to six years experience managing large-scale data collection efforts",3.5,"TemPositions
3.5","Sacramento, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1962,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
26,Data Analyst,"$69k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Update (Oct. 30): This job is still opening. According to previous screening landscape, good technical skills in data manipulation, especially in SQL, is a must and the client prefer candidates in Bay Area. Thanks!

Title: Data Analyst

Duration: 12 months with good extension possibility (W2 contractor)

Location: Sunnyvale, CA

Analytics team of our client (one in FLAG) leverages big data to develop and deliver data-driven tools, metrics, insights, and ultimately drive the companys monetization efforts. Were looking for a creative and technical candidate who is passionate about mining big data, turning data into insights, and making an impact through creative storytelling and timely actions. This role will be focusing on product security areas.

Responsibilities:
Create and automate reports and dashboards to track business metrics for Security areas
ETL data, clean and validate data when needed
Monitor trend metrics and quickly identify the root cause of anomaly
Analyze and draw insights from data and make recommendations based on the analysis
Develop and improve predictive models to optimize user experience and operational efficiency
Partner with cross-functional teams to lead or contribute to large-scale projects as well as ongoing operational activities
Craft compelling stories, make logical recommendations, drive informed actions
Perform Ad hoc analytics tasks
Required skills and experience:
Strong technical skills: Proficiency with SQL/relational databases (Teradata, Oracle etc.)
Experience in data analysis in Hadoop/HDFS and Hive/Pig
Experience with Python, Javascript or other scripting language, web development a plus
Candidates must have strong business mindset, logical thinking and problem solving skills
Excellent communications skills are required. Candidate must be able to explain complex problems to a variety of audience. Candidate must be able to drive meetings, presentation and lead discussions
2+ years hands-on experience in business analytics
Successful candidate needs to have a strong passion in analytics and curiosity to learn new skills in a fast-paced environment
Preferred Skills:
Experience with Tableau or other visualization tools
Advanced degree in quantitative fields - Computer Science, Engineering, Operational Research, Statistics, Economics, etc.
Powered by JazzHR",4.2,"IntelliPro Group Inc.
4.2","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
27,Data Analyst,"$36k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ICF is seeking an experienced Data Analyst to analyze and define data requirements and specifications to ensure information systems reliability and accessibility to prevent and defend against unauthorized access to systems, networks, and data in support of a large scale DoD Navy contract in Mechanicsburg, PA.



Duties & Responsibilities:
Designing, normalizing, developing, installing, and implementing databases
Maintaining, monitoring, performance tuning, backup, and recovery of databases
Installing, configuring, and maintaining database management systems software
Analyzing and planning for anticipated changes in data capacity requirements
Developing and administering data standards, policies, and procedures
Developing and implementing data mining and data warehousing programs
Evaluating and providing recommendations on new database technologies and architectures
Ensuring the rigorous application of information security/ information assurance policies, principles, and practices in the delivery of data management services
Basic Qualifications:
5+ years relevant IT experience supporting a DOD program
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
Security clearance required - DOD preferred
Advanced knowledge of network and systems technologies and security protocols
DOD 8570 Compliance, or the ability to quickly obtain and maintain active security certifications
Strong initiative and a personal interest in Information Technology Security
People skills and the ability to communicate effectively with various clients with the ability to explain and elaborate on technical details
Professional Skills:
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills
Working at ICF

Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.

ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). For more information, please read our EEO & AA policy.

Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement.

Pennsylvania Client Office (PA88)",3.4,"ICF
3.4","Harrisburg, PA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
28,Data Analyst,-1,"Who We Are

Bestow is a digital life insurance company built on full stack technology and AI. In a world in need of greater financial resilience and protection, Bestow democratizes access to smart financial products and powers some of the world’s leading consumer platforms. We are reimagining and rebuilding a 400-year-old, $7 trillion industry to create a brighter future for millions of families. And we’re just getting started.

The Bestow team is a diverse band of first principles thinkers on a mission to do good. We’re fortunate to be backed by leading investors and partners including Valar Ventures, NEA, 8VC and MunichRe.

Bestow is searching for a Data Analyst to join our fast-paced and growing data & analytics team. We are looking for someone who has experience with SQL/Python, business intelligence tools, KPI tracking, and using data to uncover actionable insights. In this role, you will be working alongside the data & analytics team to build a robust and comprehensive analytics practice to drive decision making within Bestow.

We are looking for someone who is proficient in SQL (and ideally Python) who can juggle multiple projects at once. Someone in this role will be expected to work with numerous departments within the organization, clearly communicate updates to business stakeholders, and collaborate with team members as well as handle individual work. If all of this is in your wheelhouse we would really like to hear from you!
Your Day to Day
Create reports and dashboards that clearly communicate the story behind the data to key business stakeholders
Conduct exploratory analysis with various datasets to uncover actionable insights to drive strategy and decision making; clearly communicate these findings with key stakeholders across the company
Monitor key KPIs across the company and build analysis to explain any deviations from expected thresholds
Increase BI tool adoption within the company: create training materials, lead training sessions, partner with all teams within organization to ensure they have the tools they need to be successful
Write SQL queries that clean, join, and extract data from our data warehouse to put together various types of analysis
Collaborate with data engineering team to obtain access to needed datasets and develop model for ideal data structure
Partner with data science team to build datasets and predictive models
Work closely with internal partners in underwriting, product, engineering, customer experience, finance, and other teams to ensure data integrity and consistency in reporting
A Little About You
3-5 years of relevant data and analytics experience
Exceptional quantitative skills and fluency with data and its interpretation and impact on business strategy
Strong communication skills and experience working with multiple team leads across a company
Intermediate to advanced proficiency in SQL (window functions, row number functions, CTEs, complex join logic, identifying and removing duplicates)
Familiarity with or exposure to Python
Experience working with relational databases
Exposure to or experience working with GCP products or any ETL tools/pipelines preferred
Experience with business intelligence tools (Tableau, Looker, Periscope, etc…)
Demonstrated experience communicating complex concepts with data
Great attention to detail and quality of work
Ability to handle competing priorities with shared deadlines
Bachelor’s Degree in relevant quantitative field or equivalent experience
What We Can Offer to You
Competitive salary
Stock options
Flexible schedule and work/life balance
100% company-paid health, dental, and vision insurance
Choose your computer setup (Mac or PC)
Office snacks and weekly team lunches
Team building events and activities
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Bestow does not sponsor applicants for work visas at this time.",4.5,"Bestow
4.5","Austin, TX",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
29,Marketing Data Quality Analyst I,"$57k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Purpose of Job
The candidate selected for this position with join an experienced Information Governance and Management team that supports USAAs enterprise strategy, marketing, corporate communications, corporate responsibility, corporate development and military affairs functions. The candidate with have the opportunity to work with the USAA Information Governance Catalog and Information Analyzer tools as part of the IBM InfoSphere platform to support Marketing technology and data transformation projects.
Manages and analyzes information using a variety of techniques and tools in alignment with USAA's Enterprise Information Standards. This role may be responsible for one or more information management function noted below:
Metadata includes defining and documenting data ensuring the information is understood. This may include working with project teams or support teams to define, redefine, or continue maintenance of the metadata.
Data Quality includes defining data quality rules ensuring data is measured and trusted. This may include working with project teams to define data quality requirements as well as ensuring ongoing assessments of data quality.
Information Lifecycle Management includes archiving and purging of data to meet the needs of the business while reducing corporate risk.
Data Security and Privacy includes managing the security of data access as well as privacy of data sharing in compliance with external regulations and internal policies. This may include working with other departments to ensure compliance to GBLA, FCRA, PCI DSS, etc.
Master Data and Reference Data includes managing key corporate data to ensure the organization can manage its operations with accurate and consistent information.
Job Requirements


Leverages intermediate data management knowledge to support in one or many of the information management functions. Tasks may include any of the items noted below:

General
Identify opportunities for improvement in processes
Participate in and possibly lead discussions with cross-functional teams.
Participate in development of best practices and tools based on business needs.
Metadata and Data Quality
Support metadata repository maintenance, access requests, and proper metadata association
Review, validate, and record metadata and data quality information.
Development of definitions, data quality rules, thresholds, and standard metrics of quality for data elements that support critical business processes.
Development of controls to mitigate data quality risks including data quality plan development, monitoring data quality results, reports and dashboards, as appropriate.
Identify and maintain data quality corrective action plans.
Support compliance assessment process by reviewing and documenting failures from data quality compliance assessment checks.
Information Lifecycle Management
Support archiving and purging activities of data
Develop archiving and purging strategies and processes
Support compliance assessment process by identifying and escalating items that may be a risk to the corporation.
Data Security and Privacy
Manage Data Access security as needed
Support Privacy initiatives through analysis of sensitive data
Ensure sensitive data is accessed and shared in accordance to defined policies and processes.
Master and Reference Data
Recommend Master and Reference Data processes and procedures to align with Enterprise Policies and Standards
Create and maintain reference data in accordance to defined processes and procedures.
Manage quality and maintenance of master data as it is created
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree in a Business or Science discipline (4 years work experience in data management, data quality or business application function or related experience can be substituted in lieu of a degree in addition to the minimum years of work experience required) OR
A Master's Degree in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline OR
A PhD in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline
Minimum Experience:
4 or more years of experience in one or more information management functions below and any relevant tools:
Metadata
Data Quality including metrics, dashboards, knowledge of frequency and duplicate analysis, cross dataset dependencies, orphan `child data' rows, redundancy analysis, etc.
Information Lifecycle Management including archiving, purging, content and document management
Master and Reference Data
Data Security & Privacy OR
Possession of a Master's Degree in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline PLUS 2 or more years of experience in a data management/quality analytic function. OR
Possession of a Master's Degree and PhD in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline and 1 or more years experience in a data management/quality analytic function
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred Qualifications
Experience working in a Marketing organization
Experience using IBM InfoSphere Info Governance Catalog and Info Analyzer
Good understanding of agile principles and ways of working
Experience working with third party vendors
Can communicate well with all levels of employees in IT and business areas
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 08/18/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.",3.6,"USAA
3.6","San Antonio, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1922,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
30,Data Analyst,-1,"About Us:

ActivTrak is a workforce productivity and analytics platform that helps organizations understand how people work, whether in-office or remote. Our cloud-based user activity monitoring platform collects and analyzes data and provides insights that help mid-market enterprises be more productive and compliant. We have more than 7,500 customers and over 100,000 users of our free version.

The Position & Responsibilities:

As a Productivity Lab Data Analyst, you will be directly involved in the analysis, validation and curation of workforce productivity data, turning data into insights that will help ActivTrak’s customers gain better understanding of their people and enable them to make data driven decisions across their organization.

The Data Analyst will also contribute to the development of best practices around the implementation and use of the ActivTrak platform, whether defining a strategy to combine ActivTrak data with other data sources or using ActivTrak as a stand alone solution, as a Productivity Lab Data Analyst you will play a key role helping organizations to understand how to better capture, measure and interpret workforce productivity metrics. In addition to that, this position will play a key role influencing the development of the ActivTrak platform and further the understanding of workforce productivity inside the organization.

Skills & Experience:

3+ years of experience writing, maintaining, and troubleshooting queries and data visualizations in Tableau, PowerBI, Data Studio, etc.

Deep understanding of queries and subquery mechanisms including indexes, table-valued functions and analytical functions.

Working knowledge of BigQuery and Google Data Studio.

Experience writing optimized SQL queries.

knowledge of programming languages like Python.

Curiosity and passion for problem solving (conceptually and analytically). A strong understanding of statistical analysis (simple & multiple regression) and experimental design.

Growth mindset, humility, and a burning desire to own your domain and your work.

Excellent communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences.

Ability to deal with ambiguity and collaborate with different teams towards mutual goals.

Excellent attention to detail

Experience in Workforce Analytics will be considered a plus.

Why Should You Apply?

Learn from a dedicated team of peers and leadership. We value our team of diverse and talented individuals who come from different backgrounds and cultures

We promote employee development and growth opportunities. We care where you will be in 3, 5, and 10 years and we're invested in helping you get there

Competitive compensation packages including company stock options, bonus plan, health and dental plans, and company-sponsored 401k plan

Annual rideshare allowance

Employee referral bonuses to encourage the addition of great new people to the team

Flexible time off and vacation

Be a foundational member of the Productivity Lab

Work Environment:

Position located in Austin, TX (or Dallas, remote, or all of the above) Also offered as a remote position Limited travel Limited physical demands Moderate noise level

ActivTrak is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. ActivTrak does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, or age.",4.8,"ActivTrak
4.8","Austin, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
31,Data Analyst,"$29k-$38k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Smith is an entrepreneurial company with global reach, a casual environment, and limitless paths for success. For over 35 years, we’ve offered a place for driven, creative people to set and achieve ambitious goals in sales, procurement, and our supporting departments.

Opportunities await around the world. If you’re curious to see how you can help Smith grow while pursuing the next step in your own growth and development, apply today.

This Data Analyst will be responsible for data mining and building mining data tables, along with researching external methods, processes and software to provide business solutions tailored to new trends, demands and concepts. This person will need to have experience with the ETL process and strong experience with working with data coming from various sources, channels and in different formats. The candidate will also need to have the ability to structure the data for a software architect, correspond directly with clients, project or department managers, and/or business leaders to identify analytical requirements. This person will also be working with Project Managers, Architects, DBA, and Data Scientists. He or she must be comfortable utilizing both quantitative data, and qualitative knowledge. Other typical functions include but are not limited to:
Perform routine trend analyses and evaluations.
Analyze audit findings, identify trends and assist in the development of programs.
Brainstorm and form effective solutions to business problems.
Develop, maintain and assist in the implementation of programs and business solutions.
Monitor correction action follow-up from audits in business units.
Provide status reports to management, identify problem areas and verify compliance.
Clean, update and aggregate the data into more operable formatting.
Required Skills:
Bachelors Degree in MIS and/or CS.
Experience with tools such as SQL, Oracle & MongoDB.
Any ETL too experience (ex: Informatica, Oracle Data Integrator or Warehouse Builder)
Ability to work with relational and non-relational databases.
Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and switch between tasks quickly.
Ability to facilitate discussion, drive consensus and build partnerships.
Detail oriented and able to work in group projects and take direction.
Excellent verbal and written communication skill is a must.
Experience as a Business Analysis is preferable.
If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!",4.1,"N.F. Smith & Associates
4.1","Houston, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1984,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
32,Data Analyst - Brand Strategy & Communications,"$37k-$65k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Ayco is an industry pioneer and preeminent leader of company-sponsored financial counseling services.

We believe companies best serve their stakeholders and the greater economy when their employees’ financial lives are clear, understood and in their own control. For nearly 50 years, we’ve aspired to deliver a more productive and engaged workforce to our clients by providing their employees a path to financial well-being through holistic and personalized services tailored for each stage of the career cycle—from entry-level to C-suite.

Training: Ayco has a best-in-class new hire training program, covering the technical and practical elements of the job. Initial new hire training includes a combination of classroom learning, practical exercises, and shadowing of existing associates. Through Ayco and Goldman Sachs University, new hires have access to classes that focus on building foundational professional and technical skills, to culture and learning focused training. We take a personal approach to talent development and foster an environment that values different perspectives, challenges thinking and maximizes the potential of our people. Our annual and ongoing feedback ensures our people and their managers have the information they need to excel in their careers.

Diversity & Inclusion: Ayco values the different perspectives and experiences our associates bring. The firm supports the Ayco Diversity Network, an employee-led initiative open to all associates that provides education and awareness on topics of interest to diverse communities. In addition, our firm wide diversity and inclusion efforts expand professional and career development opportunities through programs such as the Women’s Advisor Initiative to support our commitment to having the best talent at all levels.

Benefits & Wellness: From benefits to wellness, we aim to support your commitment to your job as well as your priorities and interests outside of work.

Career Advancement: Ayco offers coaching, mentoring and on-the-job learning that supports your growth and development.

Visit Ayco.com/careers for more information about the firm

Responsibilities


We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst to join the Brand Strategy and Communications group in Cohoes, NY. This role sits at the intersection of marketing, product, sales, and customer engagement teams, providing measurement and reporting support for cross-channel campaigns.

• Measure and analyze marketing performance of owned channels and cross-channel campaigns (e.g., Web, SEO, Paid Ads, Affiliates, Email, Social Media, etc.) and prepare regular performance reports for the Brand Strategy team and senior management• Work with the website product owner on design of site experiments, implementing and testing personalization opportunities and A/B testing• Continually assess and audit web analytics effectiveness, funnel optimizations and ensure data is accurate • Work with team leads across marketing, engagement and sales on key growth metrics and reporting framework and lead the build of cross-channel dashboards through use of data visualization tools • Be an analytics lead to identify improvements to reporting procedures or advise on technology gaps• Support the implementation of additional analytics toolsets (e.g., Qlikview, Content Square, Tableau, etc.)• Collaborate across functions – Sales Strategy, Sales, Product, and Technology- to discover new sources of data and evangelize data-driven decision making• Mine data from existing databases and extract clear and actionable insights • Work with the Brand Strategy team to develop strong content around extracted data insights that support Ayco’s business goals • Work with the Brand Strategy team to develop, analyze and report on bespoke research studies with internal and external audiences• Work with the Lead management team to develop processes to automate the ingestion, cleaning and categorization of leads• Create reports and dashboards that track leads across the Marketing and Sales funnel, clearly tracking lead stages, lead velocity, lead conversions, revenues • Deliver on ad-hoc data requests, queries, reports and analysis as required

Preferred technology experience: • R / Python / SQL / Alteryx• Tableau / Qlikview• Adobe Analytics / Google Analytics• Adobe Campaign (reports) / Marketo / Pardot• Adobe Dynamic Tag Manager / Google Tag Manager• Adobe Target or other site personalization/recommendation tool• Salesforce / other CRM platforms

Qualifications


• Minimum 2 years of professional experience in an analytics role working full-time with Marketing or Data Analytics teams• Minimum Bachelor’s degree required; Major in data science, mathematics, statistics, engineering, computer science, business analytics or related field • Hands on analytical and measurement experience of digital channels such as Web, SEO, E-mail, Affiliates, Paid Ads, Social Media • Basic understanding of the Adobe Marketing Cloud products• Knowledge of web development technologies - JavaScript, HTML, SQL is preferred• Experience with web personalization, A/B Testing, funnel conversion optimization is preferred• Creative mindset to ideate and test concepts to optimize online and offline audience experiences and maximize user engagement for each digital channel• Experience in modeling and creating compelling insights from data• Highly organized with excellent attention to detail",3.2,"Ayco, a Goldman Sachs Company
3.2","Cohoes, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1971,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
33,SAP Materials Master Data Analyst - Temp,"$58k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is a 6 month temporary assignment.

The Mizuho OSI Way

In 1978, we set out to change the way patients undergo surgery. As a Mizuho OSI customer, you can expect our commitment to the following…

We commit to your satisfaction. If you are dissatisfied, we will strive to make it right.

We do things the right way. We commit to hire people with competence, generosity and a caring attitude. We motivate our employees to use their individual strengths to provide creative solutions, changes, and innovations. We anticipate your needs through customer experiences, thus nurturing our relationships.

Collectively, this creates an environment that enables and inspires healthcare professionals to improve the lives of patients.

Dare to go further. Care to do more.

TOP REASONS TO JOIN THE MIZUHO OSI TEAM
Privately held company with a tradition of market leadership and best-in-class innovation
Fast-paced entrepreneurial culture focused on dramatically improving patient outcomes through personal empowerment
Emphasis on continuous improvement and celebration of our values of R.E.S.P.E.C.T. and the Mizuho Way.
Create innovative solutions designed and manufactured at our HQ in Northern California
POSITION OVERVIEW
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 1 to 2 full life cycle SAP implementations and have participated or have led roles in blueprint activities, creating SOP, work instructions and training users to maintenance and sustain the master data. In addition be a savvy self-directed and capable individual who’s accustomed to delivering time critical work products.
Bachelor's degree in business, and or in systems applications such as SAP Modules or equivalent work experience
Experience with full life cycle SAP implementations
Formal training or experience with ASAP implementation methodology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
We are looking for you, if you have the ability to:
Hold meetings on Material Master and Item Master Data Management.
Assist with refining Business Process Design for Item Material Master including tactical MDM process.
Coordinate with functional disciplines in OPS/SCM and their IT counterparts.
Identify MDM Classifications of data and assist with identifying local data attributes.
Assist with the MDM governance model, including documenting processes with identified data owners, master process owners and SAP module owners.
Assist with identifying KPIs to improve quality and productivity.
Assist with workflows within MDM tool.
Here is what you will do day-to-day
Analyze business process requirements, design a solution approach in close collaboration with business teams
Write functional specifications and advise business teams of feasible solution designs
Work with IT in unit test efforts and with business in regression test efforts
Deliver BPP and solution documentation for implemented solutions
Work with functional teams (SD, MM, PP, FICO, QM)
Application Configuration and Support
Support SAP modules to meet business needs.
Unit test SAP software applications, including customizations and interfaces
Application Analysis and Design
Assist SAP users analyze and identify business process requirements.
Develop SAP functional application designs and specifications, individually or collaboratively.
Work as a member of cross-functional teams and add value by providing a technical perspective.
Guide Application Developers by recommending ways to design and unit-test applications. (SAP - PLM)
Change Management and Support
Provide QA function by reviewing/testing developer’s work.
Guide users in integrated testing, conference room pilot activities and applications startup activities.
Facilitate the process of change by clarifying new procedures and training system users.
Project Management and Control
Manage small projects, with responsibility for the quality and timeliness of project deliverables
Direct project resources and/or recommend and create internal development procedures and methodologies.
Understand scope and planned estimates of undertaken activities and manage actual time relative to the planned estimates.
Problem Solving:
Plays a key role in the Order to Cash team in the full project lifecycle, from the business blueprint of the project to post support.
Works with business analysts, business SMEs and various process owners to analyze their requirements: prepare and participate in workshops, requirement documentation, functional specifications and configuration documentation.
Provides support for Data extraction, data cleansing and loading
Works closely with IT resources for non-standard SAP objects.
Supports the development of test scripts and provide process expertise during test execution.
Assists and supports training document creation.
Finalizes the MDM configuration element s and triggers and support the solution after implementation.
Understand, follow and support Mizuho OSI’s internal Quality System policies, procedures and work instructions including but not limited to applicable external regulations (21 Code of Federal Regulations Part 820 Quality System Regulations and applicable International Standards).
What you will need to be successful in this role:
A minimum of 5 years of SAP process and configuration experience in Sales & Distribution, Materials Management, Production Planning and Quality Management modules and MDM.
Experience in at least 2 full life cycle implementations of SAP.
Experience in supporting all phases of SAP project life cycle including blueprint, design, build, test, deployment and support.
Experience in developing blueprint documentation, functional designs, test plans and scenarios as well as executing the tests.
Experience in and data validations during testing and implementation
Strong knowledge/experience in 1 additional SAP module is a must.
Experience with integration testing and implementation.
Thorough business understanding of Supply Chain processes.
Familiarity with SAP architecture.
Strong verbal and written communications skills, with an ability to express complex business concepts in technical terms.
Strong analytical, problem solving, and conceptual skills.
Strong interpersonal skills; ability to work well on cross functional project teams.
Experience in the construction and distribution industry.
What you need to be prepared for:

The physical demands are representative of those needed to perform the essential functions of the job in an office environment. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

NOTE: This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties or functions to be performed by the incumbent. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties/functions requested by their supervisor.",3.7,"Mizuho OSI
3.7","Union City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
34,Data Analyst II,"$53k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who is Cenlar?

You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst II.

Job Summary:

Responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external data) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies. Identifies and compiles data sets using a variety of tools (e.g. SQL, Access) to help predict, improve, and measure the success of key business to business outcomes. Responsible for documenting data requirements, data collection/processing/cleaning, and exploratory data analysis; which may include utilizing statistical models/algorithms and data visualization techniques. Incumbents in this role may often be referred to as Data Scientists.

Responsibilities:
Day-to-day actions are focused on administering defined procedures, analysis and report preparation.
Commands knowledge of data elements across the enterprise and industry – definitions, lineage and usage
Executes creation of tabular operational reports and aggregation reports with medium to high complexity.
Commands intermediate to expert level t-SQL coding proficiency
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Responsible for documenting metadata, data lineage, data definitions and business glossary entries.
Handles basic data transformation tasks such as date and decimal formatting, rounding of numeric values, and conversion of numeric values to percentages.
Has intermediate to expert level SSIS ETL build proficiency
Works with Data stewards to enforce adherence to standards for enhancements and new repositories.
Handles more complicated report requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing (e.g. Fibonacci or similar) and trend analysis.
Can deduce portfolio or market trends from reports or chart analysis.
Understands business logic for aggregation and analysis services.
Can perform data transformation and can produce dimensional reports
Can perform basic data profiling activities, understands cardinality
Helps to define guidelines for data management, governance and reporting
May direct day-to-day work of employees, but will not typically have formal management role.
Individual at this level is expected to use some independence of thought but to refer more complex problems to supervisors or other experts.
Individual would be expected to contribute to work flow or process change and redesign and to form a strong basic understanding of the specific product or process.
Qualifications:
Typically exhibits strong executional capabilities and is beginning to take on more responsibility.
Primary focus is on execution within defined parameters, with some expansion based on developing capabilities and or experiences. In partnership with more experienced staff.
Minimum of 5 years of experience.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, finance, mathematics, statistics (or similar) or equivalent work experience
Total Rewards:

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online.",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Ewing, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
35,Senior Data Modeler / Business Analyst,-1,"Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst
Location: Midtown Atlanta (remote during COVID)
Duration: 24month +

MUST HAVE
Business Analysis experience - capable of accurate requirements gathering and display excellent written communication skills.
Apache Hadoop environment
Exceptional SQL querying
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (Dimensional design, Entity Relationship diagrams)
Job Description
Seeking Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst The successful candidate must have solid data modeling and business analyst experience and must demonstrate an affinity for working with others to create successful Business Intelligence (BI) and Data Warehouse (DW) solutions. He/She must be an excellent communicator, both written and verbal, and have experience working with business areas to translate their business data needs and data questions into project requirements. He/she must also have an educational background in Data Analysis and Data Modeling as well as on the job experience as a data modeler.
This position provides the opportunity to be involved in new BI and DW solutions, such as Dashboards and Reports, and to work with many different business areas within the company. The candidate will participate in all phases of the BI/DW development life cycle and will independently and collaboratively write project/enhancement requirements and perform data modeling duties.
He/She will coordinate with technical BI/DW development staff through design, construction and implementation as a business area liaison, consultant and UAT tester.

Skills and Experience:
Required:
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (5+ years) on the following platforms:
Teradata and either Oracle or DB2
Experience in using data modeling techniques and tools (focused on Dimensional design), Entity Relationship diagrams, ERWIN, etc.
Exceptional SQL skills with ability to write complex queries
Experience in translating business requirements to SQL-based ETL
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Proficient testing skills unit, system and integration
Strong business analyst and requirements gathering/writing skills
Experience in developing according to SDLC and accustomed to working with technical documents (flowcharts, programming specifications, etc.)
Excellent verbal/written communication and presentation skills
Apache Hadoop ecosystem
Nice To Have (candidates will get preference)
Data Relational & Dimensional modeling on the following platforms:
Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MS Access
Knowledge of CA Erwin Data Modeler
Knowledge of DataStage development techniques
Knowledge of Unix/Linux platform and shell scripting
Experience with Teradata or Oracle/Exadata database performance tuning
Experience with ChangeMan MVS code versioning software
Experience with Zeke MVS/Zeke Agent Job scheduler
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite
Railroad knowledge and experience
Analyst Attitude Profile:
Self-starter, responsible, professional, accountable
A finisher, seeing a project or task through to completion in spite of challenges
Strong team ethic and customer-support focus
Ability to contribute knowledge by sharing business & technology skills with peers
Good troubleshooting and problem-solving skills and instincts
Education
Bachelors Degree preferred. Preferably in Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or related field

#aptonetjobs",5.0,"Aptonet Inc
5.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
36,Health Data Analyst,"$48k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Tuesday, August 18, 2020

JOB SUMMARY:

Extract and analyze health care data for specific studies and corporate initiatives, assisting with data intensive projects. Serve as a technical resource to department staff and management. Work with management of operational areas to assist them in accumulating data to meet their needs. Provide advice to management regarding effective techniques to analyze and report on data to display the most effective result.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Perform routine to moderately complex analysis and design for various business applications.
Create reports and spreadsheets displaying data in a logical and concise manner.
Develop procedures to enhance reporting and query capabilities to improve efficiency and accuracy.
Maintain documentation of business specifications pertinent to the business requirements.
Provide fundamental analytical support to the organization by developing and promoting consistent analytical methodologies.
Design and model data extractions and provide comprehensive assessments of trends and data.
Participate in department initiatives and projects.
Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experience
Three to five years of health data analysis, business analysis, software application, database design, and technical documentation experience
Preferred Education, Additional Qualifications and Experience:
Knowledge of applied statistics
Knowledge of econometric modeling
HIAA certification
Experience in the health insurance industry
Required Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities:
Advanced analytical skills, with the ability to interpret and synthesize complex data sets
Understanding of SAS programming, spreadsheet, and database software and other application development tools
Good business acumen and political savvy
Knowledge of business process improvement techniques and strategies
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Negotiation skills
Presentation skills
Decision-making skills
Good problem solving skills
Ability to interface with employees at all levels
Ability to effectively navigate ambiguous situations with limited direction
Excellent organizational skills and ability to successfully prioritize multiple tasks
Ability to handle multiple priorities/projects

At Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island (BCBSRI), diversity and inclusion are central to our core values and strengthen our ability to meet the challenges of today's healthcare industry. BCBSRI is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information and gender identity or expression.
The law requires an employer to post notices describing the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, and genetic information and gender identity or expression. Please visit http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf to view the ""EEO is the Law"" poster.

Other details
Pay Type
Salary",3.6,"Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island
3.6","Providence, RI",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1939,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
37,Business Data Analyst (Remote/Virtual),-1,"We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

Do you have healthcare analytics experience? Are you a SQL guru? This is the opportunity for YOU!!!

Join a team where you can grow and develop your career along with helping to transform healthcare! The ideal candidate will be comfortable working on the most complex, high visibility projects to bring structure and alignment to the overall solution.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to serve as a key resource/SME in developing and delivering quality solutions to support business processes. Our goal is to improve our data offerings through consolidation and modernization of our data and platforms, while continuing to build our data expertise.

Responsibilities:
Participation in delivering projects using SDLC and Agile methodologies preferred.
Experience with fully adjudicated Medical and Rx claims, Premium, Provider, and/or Supplemental data highly preferred. Medicare Advantage experience is a plus.
1-3 years of project management experience preferred.
SQL, Python or similar programming languages are a plus.
Knowledge of GCP (Google Cloud Platform) a plus.
Knowledge of Source to Target mappings preferred.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field preferred.
Experience:
3 years of experience required.
3-5 years of experience in data analysis management and/or decision support analytics strongly preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify links below for more information.

eVerify

Right to Work",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",United States,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
38,Quality Assurance Analyst - Data Warehouse ETL,"$41k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Quality Assurance Analyst - Data Warehouse ETL
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Uncover your full potential in a collaborative environment where you'll design, develop and deliver custom solutions to big challenges. And you'll be doing it for a proven industry leader that runs one of the largest e-commerce sites in the U.S.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Plan and execute testing activities for data warehouse project.
Create and execute tests of ETL processes.
Validate data quality.
Test downstream consumption of reports and calculations.
Develop, execute and maintain test plans, test scenarios, test suites and test cases.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in information technology, computer science or related discipline.
Proficient at independently writing complex SQL queries.
Fundamental knowledge of data warehouse concepts.
4+ years of QA (quality assurance) experience in an IT environment.
4 years experience in data warehouse testing.

Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.

Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-SR1
#CORP",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Northbrook, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
39,Data Analyst,"$42k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Sapphire Digital seeks a dynamic and driven mid-level Data Analyst/QA to join our growing New Jersey team with experience in the healthcare domain. This role will perform in-depth analysis of our internal data management systems to identify, analyze, and interpret trends and/or patterns in order to provide actionable recommendations for data integrity. The Data Analyst/QA will work closely with multiple internal teams to collaborate on different stages of the data lifecycle and assist in developing data quality processes.
In this position, you'll be responsible for:
Preparing and conducting analyses and studies, needs assessment, and requirements analysis to align systems and solutions
Overseing data QA functions to ensure data integrity and accuracy
Monitoring all production data processes and validation systems
Performing data investigations, root cause analysis, data profiling, and data lineage activities
Performing research and provides recommendations for data processes and updates
Reviewing and analyzes specific data elements for accuracy and quality assurance
Driving the resolution of the identified data quality problems
Maintaining documentation as required
Partnering with BI in the development of reports and presentations
Maintaining data quality rules, data standards and data governance policies
Supporting special project work as assigned by the data managers
Collaborating effectively with cross functional teams including Data, Business Intelligence, Business Applications, and Engineering

You might be a good fit if you have:
Bachelor's degree (B. A. / B. S.) from four-year college or university; 4+ years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience
5+ years of experience as a data analyst or in a related field
Expertise with query languages (SQL) required
Experience working with large complex datasets including healthcare data such as medical claims, clinical information, demographic data and program activity results
Exposure with one or more of the following programming languages: SAS, Python, R
Prior experience working with Healthcare data, or in the Healthcare field preferred
Experience with data visualization tools and methodologies (Excel and PowerBI)
Demonstrated experience in analyzing large data sets and relational databases
Ability to manage time and priorities of multiple projects/tasks
Displays professionalism and ability to learn quickly
Extremely detail oriented
Strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to collaborate closely with multiple teams across with a wide range of technical backgrounds",3.4,"Sapphire Digital
3.4","Lyndhurst, NJ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
40,Big Data Analyst BSLEP7,"$44k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings requires the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel.
Through the use of effective “big data” technologies and solutions, CBP ensures that the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure. In response to this challenge, ManTech, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified and versatile data analysts to facilitate data-driven decision making in response to national security threats.
The primary objective of the data analysis team is three-fold: 1) Support the development of predictive models via the identification of behaviors and attributes that inform illicit activities; 2) Provide on-demand analysis to support emergent operational needs; and, 3) Develop performance dashboards and artifacts to inform resource allocation, justify requirements, and support statutory reporting mandates.
In all three areas, data analysts must be capable of transforming large volumes of raw data, both structured and unstructured forms, into mission-focused insights that enhance understanding of mission performance, workload, and/or behavioral trends (i.e., strategic, tactical, and operational insights). Analysts may be called upon to support a diverse array of initiatives involving complex queries in support of network analysis, entity resolution, threat research, visualization, and impact assessments.

The strongest applicants will engage in highly dynamic, threat/risk driven operating environments. They will bring a proven track record of working with decision support tools and applications operationally employed by mission-support entities. Within three to six months of joining the project, we expect analysts will:
Master relevant data schemas, reference data, joining conditions, and relationships of existing databases, as well as associated warehouses and data marts, involving trade, travel, national security, and law enforcement data.
Conduct exploratory analysis demonstrating: a refined understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of the underlying data; a willingness to explore non-traditional data sources and evaluation methods; and a clear link to mission need.
Construct query code as well as run, save, edit, optimize, and document queries using SQL and other languages including Spark to extract mission-critical insights.
Design, develop and deliver analytic artifacts such as dashboards, scorecards, and structured Excel reports that: support executive-level, at-a-glance findings; empower non-technical users to explore user-specific equities (e.g. PowerBI); and/or provide detailed information informing operational outcomes.
Assess validity, accuracy, completeness, consistency, and uniformity of data as well as develop mitigation steps and processes to address data quality issues in support of clean data.
Translate findings (e.g. mission impacts, limitations of findings/ analytical confidence, analytical methods and techniques employed) to clearly articulate the “so what” within the context of mission performance to technical and non-technical audiences in the form of written reports and in-person briefings.
Engage internal and external stakeholders in a professional and informed manner to collect analysis requirements and ensure alignment of expected outcomes.
Integrate with, and materially contribute to, portfolio teams as a matrixed resource to provide data analytics expertise in support of modeling, ad hoc query support, or performance assessment initiatives in collaboration with data scientists, intelligence analysts, developers, and other participants under the direction of a project manager.
Applicants should note that while some formal training exists to support building knowledge of missions and the implementation of data-driven solutions, but much of the knowledge must be gained through on-the-job training and individual initiative. Technical knowledge is insufficient to achieve effectiveness in this operating environment; expertise must be enhanced with rapid acquisition of mission knowledge and demonstrated commitment positive mission outcomes. Therefore, we seek self-starters who are capable of independent exploration and knowledge acquisition, willing to develop informal support networks, and with an appreciation for the immense challenge of safeguarding the Nation’s borders.

BS Degree in a related technical fields (Computer Science, Math, Statistics, etc.)
Hands on experience working with data-mining, analysis or statistical software such as R, Matlab, SAS Enterprise Miner, SPSS Modeler, or SQL Developer for data analysis
Hands on experience with at least one of the following technologies: Hadoop eco system, including HDFS, YARN, Cassandra, Hive, Pig, and Spark
Hands on experience with Batch-oriented and streaming distributed processing methods such as Nifi, Spark, Kafka, or Storm
Hands on experience with distributed search engines like Elasticsearch or Solr
Conceptual understanding of – and/or prior experiences related to – data profiling, fuzzy matching, entity resolution, and signal detection theory (specifically with respect to SD theory: designing and improving upon systems that monitor, minimize, and balance false positive and false negative outcomes)
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with programming languages such as Java, Python, and SQL
Unix / Linux experience
Experience working in field of entity resolution, analytics, data mining or name matching.
Delivering solutions using Amazon Web Services (e.g., AWS EC2, RDS, S3)
Experience with Javascript frameworks like Angular, React and JQuery is a plus
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI)

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
41,Master Data Analyst,"$42k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Summary:

Under general supervision, the Master Data Analyst will have the primary responsibility for ensuring that master data is maintained by entering, updating, and maintaining master data, as well as having a full understanding of the impact of this data across the value chain. This position is focused on ensuring data integrity, as well as data entry.

Essential Functions & Key Responsibilities:

Responsible for ensuring that master data is properly defined and setup in our IFS enterprise system. Working closely with the Master Data Manager, the Master Data Analyst is also responsible for data collection, entry and loading of local Master Data into IFS, including Bill of Materials, Customer and Material records, etc.
Understand the data elements and how they flow through the supply chain.
Receive and process requests from the user community for changes to, or creation of master data records, and manage the requests through a formal process of validation and approval.
Coordinate with the user community to ensure correctness and completeness of data contained in requests.
Pro-actively monitor and analyze all master data files for continuous improvements on the cleanliness of data.
Responsible for prompt implementation of all Master Data procedures to ensure that all information systems and services meet the company standards and end-user requirements.
Assist with testing configuration changes to master data elements.
Troubleshoot and resolve master data issues.

Candidate Requirements:

Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Supply Chain, Logistics or 2-4 years' equivalent work experience.
Solid experience in Microsoft Office products, specifically Excel, (ability to perform Vlookups and formatting. Pivot-Tables a plus!)
Team player with strong verbal and written communication skills.
Experience in SAP strongly preferred, IFS a big plus!
Effective time manager - routinely called on to prioritize a large number of tasks and report on assignment status.
Excellent analytical, interpersonal and organizational skills. Written and verbal communication skills are critical.
Detailed oriented / Ability to maintain high data integrity during data transfer process.
Ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously in an extremely fast-paced environment.
Ability to quickly and effectively prioritize a large volume of tasks to ensure timelines are met, and all information is available to the user community quickly and effectively.
Successful candidates must have a passion for on-time customer service, proactive problem-solving, superior attention to detail.

Please no recruiting agencies

Following GMP in compliance with all food safety requirements.

Novolex does not publicly post salary information on job boards.

Novolex™ is committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all employment practices, including but not limited to, selection, hiring, promotion, transfer, and compensation to all qualified applicants and employees without regard to age, race, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, handicap or disability, genetics, citizenship status, service member or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. Any individual, who because of his or her disability, needs an accommodation in connection with an aspect of the Company’s application process should contact Jamie Wells at hrcompliance@novolex.com.

#LI-JF1 #MON1",3.0,"Novolex Holdings, LLC
3.0","Covington, KY",-1,10000+ Employees,2004,Company - Private,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
42,HCM Data Analyst,"$55k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Any qualified individual with a disability who is having difficulty in completing an application because of incompatible technology or other disability-related application issues may contact us at the following phone number for assistance: 251-445-1932.

Austal shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. Austal’s commitment to equal employment opportunity applies at all levels of employment, in all job titles, including the executive level, and to all employment actions, including but not limited to decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, training, and promotion.

REPORTS TO: HCM Coordinator

SUPERVISES: N/A

AUTHORITIES / RESPONSIBILITIES:

The HCM data analyst plays a crucial role in collecting, structuring, analyzing, and reporting on HR processes and data. Supports business with key HR insights reporting (manning levels, hires; retention, turnover), talent metrics (promotion reporting; learning and development tracking; performance management insights), benefits reporting (billing invoices, participation census) as well as ad hoc reporting and data analysis as needed.

Job Description

Utilizes Workday systems and analytical tools to develop, analyze and interpret HR workforce data.
Partners with stakeholders across business units to build and implement reporting and analytic solutions that provide leaders with information necessary to achieve business goals and objectives.
Develop and maintain standardized dashboards and other related metrics reports for organization-wide and HR department evaluation.
Maintains common HR data repository
Monitors effectiveness of reporting and analytics products to ensure optimal value to the business, modifying or operationalizing new metrics and dashboard products as needed.
Creates scheduled reports and respond to ad-hoc queries from senior management and other areas of the company.
Leverages data extraction tools and approaches to perform complex data analysis and formulate new meaningful insights.
Reviews new reporting requests to be sure the request is consistent with HR systems and data strategies.
Creates, maintains, and ensures quality assurance of human resources data sets, reports, and metrics.
Recommends process and system improvements, follow up on recommendations.
Assist in the identification of data integrity problems and recommend solutions.
Other special projects, as needed.
Other duties as assigned;

QUALIFICATIONS / KNOWLEDGE / EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree or equivalent.
3-5 Business Analyst experience documenting Business Requirements and conducting data analysis.
Workday experience preferred in one or more modules: HCM, Benefits, Talent/Performance, Security, or Advanced Compensation.
Strong written and verbal communication skills to effectively communicate processes and procedures with managers and employees.
Highly developed ability to provide clear, concise verbal and written explanations for complex concepts so that others see the value add in recommendations and solutions.
Strong computer proficiency and technical aptitude to utilize MSOffice. Expert-level proficiency in Microsoft Excel (PowerPoint a plus).
Strong process orientation, analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent service orientation skill set, ability to build strong relationships with fellow HR team members.
Must work with a sense of urgency and have the ability to handle confidential information in a professional manner. Can handle demands from multiple customers and has the ability to prioritize.
Ability to work collaboratively with multiple teams/organizations with attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
Flexible and has the capability to deliver results in a fast-paced, and high volume environment.

TOOLS: Not applicable

DIRECTION EXERCISED: Works within established guidelines. Works autonomously and escalates issues to HCM Coordinator as appropriate.

DISCRETION EXERCISED: A degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.

LIAISES WITH:

Employees, Department Managers, HR / Benefit Staff, Finance staff and external consultants as assigned.

ADDITIONAL GUIDELINES:

The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD clearance may be required if deemed necessary in the scope of your position responsibilities.
Candidates must meet the following employment eligibility guidelines to be eligible for employment with Austal USA:
18 years or older at time of application
Able to provide proof of US Person status (permanent resident or citizen)
No felony convictions of theft/deception or violent crimes within seven years from disposition date
No felony convictions of drug crimes within three years from disposition date
Willing to submit to a drug screen
Willing to submit to a background check",3.2,"Austal USA
3.2","Mobile, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
43,Data Management Analyst,"$30k-$61k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Management Analyst
Duty Site


Redstone Arsenal, AL

FLSA Status


Exempt

Emp. Status

RT

Apply Now


Job Code:
3377

S3, Inc. is a woman owned small business founded in 1991, headquartered in Huntsville, AL, that provides technical, programmatic, and logistics services to US Department of Defense, other US Government Agencies, and Partner Nation militaries, co-located with Government requirements. S3 has a wholly owned subsidiary, KBFS, that provides aviation pilot training, heavy lift, aircraft maintenance, and related aircraft services to Government and commercial requirements IAW multiple FAA certifications.

S3 Inc. is seeking a Data Management Analyst to support projects on Redstone Arsenal. AL.

Position Description: The Data Management Analyst is responsible for managing the PMO Data Management System to include: reviewing of all submitted contractor technical data for correctness ( format, topic relevance, completeness, and data rights markings); distribution of the contractor data to the appropriate government and contractor personnel; consolidating and preparing Contract Data Requirements Lists (CDRLs-DD1423s) and Document Summary List (DSL) packages for Contract Requirements Packages (CRP) to be submitted through government contracting channels; forecasting and tracking CDRL deliveries to ensure compliance with DD 1423s; support, administer, and maintain the document repository containing all CDRLs; create and manage multiple SharePoint sites and manage SharePoint user accounts; and prepare weekly metric reports for PMO leadership regarding CDRL submissions, CDRLs in-work, and CDRLs needing signature. Will review Assertions List from prime and subcontractors to determine compliance with DFARS and support the challenge procedures and complete Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Post Award and Intercept Database (PAID) and Procurement Aging and Staging System (PASS) actions assuring proper administrative lead times. Also will search the electronic data management systems (EDMS) such as SharePoint, PFRMS networks, and MEARS to support user's request for information.

Experience/Skills Required:

• 2 years of experience reviewing contractor technical data for correctness and distributing data.

• 2 years of experience consolidating and preparing CDRLs and DSL for contract requirements packages.

• 2 years of experience forecasting and tracking CDRL deliveries in compliance with requirements lists.

• 1 year of experience in maintaining a document repository.

• 1 year of experience with managing SharePoint site and SharePoint user accounts or similar.

• 1 year of experience with preparation of reports on technical data submissions.

• 2 years of experience searching databases for information needed by users.

• 1 year of experience working with DLA, PAID, and PASS actions or similar.

Education Required: Bachelors’ Degree and 8 years of relevant experience or HS and 11 years overall experience.

Security Clearance Required: Secret Clearance.

Certifications/Licenses: None.

Other: N/A

Systems Studies and Simulation, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation. If you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access the S3 Inc. Careers Page as a result of your disability, you can request reasonable accommodations by calling (256) 539-1700 Ext 1127 or by sending an email to: recruiter@s3inc.com . Thank you for your interest in S3 Inc.",4.0,"S3, Inc
4.0","Huntsville, AL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
44,Data Analyst,"$44k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Join our Operations Improvement team as a Performance Improvement Coordinator with a focus on data analysis. This is a full-time position with the availability to work remotely.

Work Schedule: Typically, M-F, day shift hours. Specific hours to be discussed and agreed upon with hiring leader. In addition, there may occasionally be evening and/or weekend hours, based on business needs that arise.

Why Join Ascension?
In Michigan, Ascension operates 16 hospitals and hundreds of related healthcare facilities that together employ over 20,000 associates. Across the state, Ascension Michigan is working together to help bring patients more resources and better care. Ascension Michigan is also committed to its community; it provided over $272 million in community benefit and care of persons living in poverty in FY2018. Ascension Michigan is dedicated to spiritually centered, holistic care which sustains and improves the health of individuals and communities.
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.
Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension-Michigan, you will have the opportunity to organize and coordinate performance improvement program activities and workflow.

Responsibilities:
Collaborates with multidisciplinary team on problem identification and resolution, cost containment issues, implementation of new services and systems/ performance measures.
Researches, develops/acquires and implements improvement systems, methodologies and tools to improve operations.
Collaborates with Leaders to develop and revise screening indicators.
Provides on-site training and follow-up for performance improvement teams.
Performs regulatory documentation preparation, submission, and maintenance. Ensures compliance with regulatory and accreditation requirements.
Assists in policy, procedure and contract review process. Coordinates quality improvement initiatives.
What You Will Need

Education:
Diploma
High school diploma or GED required.
Bachelor's degree preferred in analysis areas (biostatistics, statistics, applied mathematics, epidemiology, etc)
Preferred Experience:
Experience with database setup and administration.
Understand data storage and data sharing methods.
Compile and organize healthcare data.
Analyze data to assist in delivering optimal healthcare management and decision making.
Investigate data to find patterns and trends and make recommendations for quality improvements
Understand healthcare business operations.
Fluent in coding languages, such as R or SQL.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension Michigan is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, height, weight, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, veteran status or any other legally protected status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. The information requested on this application will not be used for any purpose prohibited by law. If you require assistance or an accommodation to complete this application, please let us know.

For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
M/F/Disabled/Vet
EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf
Reasonable Accommodation
Ascension Michigan provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: reasonableaccommodations@stjohn.org. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Ascension Michigan will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.
Thank you for considering a career with Ascension Michigan.
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension Michigan participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Warren, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
45,Development Data Analyst,"$38k-$68k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Link Logistics Real Estate (“Link”) is an industrial real estate operating platform owned by The Blackstone Group Inc. Link currently manages a national portfolio of high-quality, well-located industrial assets totaling over 400 million square feet throughout the U.S.
The Development Team is responsible for overseeing Link Logistics $1.5b development pipeline that includes ground up construction, build to suits and major redevelopments of existing assets. The Development Data Analyst will be responsible for supporting the Development Team with the administrative oversight of all development-related reporting, data management, and project monitoring. This position will be exposed to all facets of commercial real estate.

Establish and monitor project budgets and schedules in Yardi for all developments through the project life cycle
Project future revenue by entering and maintaining market lease assumption for speculative buildings in Forecast Manager
Manage project documentation in Yardi and confirm proper records are maintained for all developments
Work with the Development teams on accurate cashflow projections and update as budget and schedules evolve
Coordinate the “Close Out” process of completed developments and ensure all documentation is received and financial records are finalized
Work with Yardi consultants to improve reporting capabilities and data management
Ensure timely payments of development expenses and accurate coding
Assist in ad-hoc reporting and new development initiatives
Support all phases of the Development from acquisition through lease-up
Assist in preparation of the monthly Development Executive reporting and quarterly Board Book

BA or BS in relevant field of study (Finance, Accounting, Real Estate, Business Management or similar)
Must be a team player
1-2 years’ experience in the development or real estate industry preferred
Strong proficiency with Microsoft Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint; familiarity with Yardi also a plus
Detail-oriented
Ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced work environment
Excellent oral and written communication skills
EEO Statement
Our company is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Our employment decisions are based on individual qualifications, job requirements and business needs without regard to race, color, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, religion, disability, citizenship status, national origin, pregnancy, veteran status and or any other legally protected characteristics. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations, if you need an accommodation to complete the application process, please email employment@liprop.com
#LI=MB1",3.4,"Revantage Corporate Services
3.4","Fort Washington, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
46,Quality Data Management Analyst (Corporate Quality),"$34k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Quality Data Management Analyst for Corporate Quality will be responsible for conducting various data management responsibilities and help establish a new Data Management organization for the Quality department. This role will collaborate cross functionally with various areas of the organizations to develop a deep understanding of how our Quality Data is managed and governed across the Edwards Quality Management Systems globally. The successful individual must have a combination of analytical skills, data management understanding, and business acumen with an ability to think enterprise-wide. The Analyst would be comfortable with interacting with upper management and enforcing standards.

Key Responsibilities:
Data Management and Preparation: Identify, evaluate, cleanse, and organize disparate data sources. Identify data sources available and collect primary data where necessary. - Understand and assess the value of data sources based on our organizational need. Prepare and structure data within our systems.
Collaboration: Work across functions to understand the nuances of our data from across the organization and external sources. Seek to understand the data and analytical needs of our stakeholders. Work closely with the Quality Data Analytics, business process owners, and IT organizations to manage and maintain data within our systems.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree with 2 years of experience with data analytics; OR Master’s degree in Data/Business Analytics field.
Ability to capture and document Entity Relationship Diagrams for Enterprise Quality Systems across all Quality areas
Be able to develop data dictionaries for Enterprise Quality Systems across all Quality areas
Be able to contribute to data source identification, data mapping, functional design and detail design.
Be able to draft Data Management Plans for Enterprise Quality Systems across all Quality areas
Experience with data visualization/modeling related tools such as: Power BI, Tableau, QlikView.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience in the medical device, pharma, biotech, or healthcare related industries
Using reporting tools and querying languages such as: SQL
Utilizing programming languages such as: Python, R
Experience with electronic Quality Management Systems (ETQ Reliance, Pilgrim)
Knowledge and experience with Quality Systems (e.g. CAPAs, NCRs, Complaints)
Good written and verbal communication skills
Results-oriented, positive “can-do” attitude with demonstration of appropriate urgency and initiative
Detail-oriented, producing high quality work
Strong ability to manage and work with different cultures and nationalities
Ability to manage competing and evolving priorities in a fast-paced environment
Ability to adapt to new technologies and rapidly changing environment
Participate in project communications, training materials, and business procedures/documentation
Edwards is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer including protected Veterans and individuals with disabilities.",3.7,"Edwards Lifesciences
3.7","Irvine, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1958,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
47,Data Analyst (Data Mining/Oracle/Cloud),"$77k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOIN THE CYBERCORE TECHNOLOGIES TEAM.

We are GROWING ! Bring your Technical Capabilities, Enthusiasm, and Team Focus.

CyberCore Technologies has a New Opportunity for a Data Analyst (Oracle/Cloud) – Top Secret – Quantico, VA.

CyberCore Technologies provides Services for Government and Commercial Clients. We have procured, integrated, and delivered over $2.6B in Information Technology products. CyberCore provides a wide range of professional services and solutions with specific strengths in Cyber Security, Networking, Engineering/Operations, and Software Development.

At CyberCore, Our Goal is to Maintain a Healthy Work-Life Balance and Provide Interesting Work Supporting Our Nation’s Security. CyberCore is Proud to Offer: Competitive Salaries; Corporate PTO Plan; Education Reimbursement and Bonuses for Completing Certifications; Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance for Team Members and Families; Social and Philanthropic Events Celebrating Our Team and Giving Back to Our Community. For more information on CyberCore Technologies, go to www.cybercoretech.com

Job Responsibilities:

Supports DoD Cyber Crime Center and Air Force Office of Special Investigations. The Data Analyst will work with the Enterprise Resource Directorate and be part of the new Data Analytics Team. The incumbent will be responsible for the analysis of current data holdings, document data systems related to capabilities and gaps, and will provide analytical products based on that data.

Responsibilities:

Mining data from primary and secondary sources, then reorganizing data in a format easily read by human or machine.

Use statistical tools to interpret data sets, paying particular attention to trends and patterns that may be valuable for Mission Managers. Demonstrate the significance of the analysis in the context of local, national, and global law enforcement trends that impact OSI. Prepare reports for executive leadership that communicate trends, patterns, and predictions using relevant data. Collaborate with programmers, engineers, and organizational leaders to identify opportunities for process improvements, recommend system modifications, and develop policies for data governance. Create appropriate documentation for stakeholders to understand steps of data analysis process and duplicate/replicate analysis if required.

Required Candidate Qualifications:
Active Top Secret Clearance
Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college in a related discipline and 5 years of professional experience; Masters Degree and 3 years of professional experience; or related PhD and no experience. 13 years of professional experience without a Degree.
Demonstrated Experience with Data Science, performing design/engineering/mining/visualization.
Demonstrated Experience with descriptive and predictive analysis.
Demonstrated experience with data analysis/visualization tools.
Demonstrated experience developing, standardizing, and documenting processes and policies.
Demonstrated experience developing and standardizing processes, tools, templates, graphics/illustrations, and metrics.
Ability to learn Local, National and Global law enforcement trends and impact to OSI.
Desired:
Experience collaborating with programmers and engineers.
Experience supporting a LE/CI Mission.
Experience creating process and standards on a new team and/or initiative.
Law Enforcement Investigation Experience and Understanding of Search and Seizure.
CyberCore Technologies is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.9,"CyberCore Technologies
3.9","Quantico, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Security Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
48,Treasury Data Analyst,"$46k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number:
4141

Job Title:
Treasury Data Analyst

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
SUMMARY: The Treasury Analyst supports execution and provides ad hoc analysis across all treasury functions including risk management, funding & liquidity, forecasting, and reporting.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.

Analysis
Run long-term deposit analysis projects to identify opportunities to efficiently grow the retail deposit portfolio. This analysis will include developing, testing, and maintaining statistical behavioral models and reporting findings to senior management.
Develop reporting tools to streamline reporting and increase depth of understanding of customer behavior and customer lifetime value.
Develop adhoc analytics around liquidity management, funding alternatives and execution, and opportunity cost of different approaches to funding.

Reporting / Reconciliation
Enhance standard daily and periodic reporting and maintain process documentation for all relevant reports including funding mix/cost of funds and certain liquidity metrics.
Testing and implementation of new technology tools including Tableau dashboards and other platforms.
Develop new dashboard and key metrics to monitor liquidity and funding profile across various portfolios, time horizons, and markets.

Operations
Act as occasional back up for cash position reporting and exception pricing processing and escalation of non-standard pricing requests.
Maintain up-to-date process documentation around reporting processes including data sources and inputs.
Engage with different groups across IT, operations, and product development to enhance reporting, identify new data sources, and enhance the bank's understanding of customer behaviors.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Accounting, or related fields from an accredited institution
CFA or MsF preferred
Minimum 3 years in corporate treasury or financial services required
Alternate combination of education and experience may be considered
Experience with statistical modeling or econometric modeling including data management, model development, and interpreting and presenting results
Strong skills in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and ability to clearly communicate
Proficiency in statistical modeling/programming languages such as R, Python, or SQL required
Willingness to learn new analysis, querying, and data visualization programs required",3.0,"BankUnited
3.0","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
49,CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst,"Employer Provided Salary:
$50k-$70k","We are hiring an experienced CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst to help us keep growing.
If you’re dedicated and ambitious, Eye-bot is an excellent place to grow your career. Don’t hesitate to apply.
Required Qualifications
Minimum of 5 years of experience preparing existing conditions’ surveys
Proficient with the following software’s:
Microstation / OpenRoads
ContextCapture
AutoCAD / Civil3D
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Teams, etc.)
Google Earth Pro
Photogrammetric and/or LiDAR point clouds, Topography, Point classification, and DTM/DSM processing
Triangular Irregular Networks (T.I.N.) / Contours
Preferred Qualifications
Boundary and ALTA/NSPS Land Title surveys
Photogrammetric Mapping Experience
Working knowledge of conventional surveying equipment and GPS
Experience using terrestrial/mobile LiDAR, and Unmanned Aerial Systems
Adobe Creative Suite
Bluebeam pdf editor
Understanding trigonometric mathematics and data collection used in surveying
Understanding and applications using and applying different coordinate systems and projections.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Coordinate with project managers to ensure that multiple projects with simultaneous deadlines are completed on schedule (manage workloads and tasks for self and others)
Communicate with project teams via email and phone regularly throughout the design process
Field-to-Finish data import field data to create CAD files for various uses in engineering, design, and construction in both 2D and 3D CAD environments.
CAD drafting skills; knowledge regarding land surveying; courthouse research
Point cloud processing, Point classification, DTM/DSM surface creation
Develop quality products, using industry and client standards under the direct supervision of a Professional Land Surveyor
Position Details
Competitive compensation
Casual attire throughout the week
Friendly, open, and team-oriented work atmosphere
Excellent benefits for full-time employees including medical, vision, and dental
Eye-bot is an equal opportunity employer",5.0,"Eye-bot Aerial Solutions
5.0","New Kensington, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
50,Lead IT Analyst - Data Governance,"$46k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About JLG, an Oshkosh company

JLG began in 1969, when our founder, John L. Grove set out to resolve growing safety concerns in the construction industry. Since then we have been committed to understanding the challenges and delivering innovative solutions to the access market. We partner with customers to provide quality equipment, training opportunities and trusted support within the access industry. We are a global company, and our products—including mobile elevating work platforms, telehandlers, utility vehicles and accessories—can be found all over the world.

JOB SUMMARY:

The Lead IT Analyst - Data Governance will lead the full life-cycle of data governance solutions including, creation of data governance policies and procedures, engaging and training data stewards, creation of quality metrics, and working with users to identify and track personally identifiable and other regulated information. This role will work on simple to complex projects and lead and facilitate governance efforts, including coordinating activities with internal and external resources. These activities will contribute to an environment of reliable, quality data to drive better decisions through analytics and reporting within the business.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

These duties are not meant to be all-inclusive and other duties may be assigned.

Collaborate with business and information technology partners, and subject matter experts to understand data challenges to put the required processes in place to address those challenges.
Work with the Project Management Office to continuously improve testing methodologies related to projects and other activities.
Work with other Digital Technology teams to implement and update on-going production quality process and validations.
Ensure timely corrective actions taken to resolve identified data quality issues, including future mitigation.
Develop and maintain data governance and data quality strategies and oversight of the activities to enact those strategies.
Provide project updates and report on progress of data governance, data quality and control remediation activities
Perform extensive data profiling across the data portfolio to assess current state data quality.
Work with Data Architecture to implement data standards in response to data quality issues, needs and findings.
Evaluate tools including prototyping new capabilities to stay abreast of the Data Management industry.
Lead continuous improvement activities and promote adherence of current department standards.
Guide, mentor, and assist less experienced team members.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent.
Seven (7) or more years of experience in Data Analysis, Information Technology, or in a related area.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience using data governance, data quality, data catalog and data privacy solutions.
Relevant industry training or certifications with data governance tools and other related data management tools.
Ability to translate business and technical requirements into data solutions.
Knowledge of key data management processes.
Experience in project life-cycle management.
Excellent organizational skills and ability to communicate with internal/external entities.
Experience and proficiency with various web-based software applications including Microsoft Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, etc.

WORKING CONDITIONS:

Physical Demands: Frequent Sitting, Hearing, Talking, Visual, Typing, Manual Dexterity; Seldom Standing, Walking/Running, Reaching, Driving, Bending/Kneeling, Fine Dexterity, Upper Extremity Repetitive Motion, and Lifting/Carrying and Pushing/Pulling up to 40lbs.

#LI-KP1
USA100
Oshkosh is committed to working with and offering reasonable accommodation to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to disability for any part of the employment process, please contact us at: 920-502-3009 or corporatetalentacquisition@oshkoshcorp.com.

Oshkosh Corporation is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. This company will provide equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Information collected regarding categories as provided by law will in no way affect the decision regarding an employment application.

Oshkosh Corporation will not discharge or in any manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with Oshkosh Corporation's legal duty to furnish information.

Certain positions with Oshkosh Corporation require access to controlled goods and technologies subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations or the Export Administration Regulations. Applicants for these positions may need to be ""U.S. Persons,"" as defined in these regulations. Generally, a ""U.S. Person"" is a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident, or an individual who has been admitted as a refugee or granted asylum.",4.2,"Oshkosh Corporation
4.2","Hagerstown, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1917,Company - Public,Transportation Equipment Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
51,Data Analyst,"$45k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We have an opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our talented Data Analytics team. The successful candidate will work with customers and the engagement team to support the project management, project data analysis, process improvement, data conversion, and integration needs of our federal customer.

Duties & Responsibilities
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Candidate will be reviewing and analyzing non-standard format data and transforming it to a standardized format for ingestion into a Big Data and a Structured data environment.
Conducting full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design.
Monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements.
Requirements
Knowledge and experience in programming languages (Python)
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc.), databases (SQL etc.), programming (XML, JavaScript, or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
Active Secret clearance required
Benefits

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies:
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US

NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.

ACCESSIBILITY NOTE

NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"").",4.2,"NetImpact Strategies
4.2","Vienna, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
52,"Product Data Analyst, International","$48k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Car shopping is complicated. At CarGurus, we use data and technology to make it simple, giving people the tools they need to confidently find, buy, finance, or sell a car. The best part? Our work makes a real impact. We're the most-visited car-shopping site in the US and we are growing fast in our international markets. Ready to come along for the ride?

About the Role

At CarGurus we use data, not hunches, to inform decisions. Product Analysts play a key role in crafting the data narrative for these decisions. We love to collaborate, we're excited by a challenge, and we believe that ownership enables us to grow.
This Product Analyst role will support the growing International team where you will have opportunities for outsized positive impact through a high level of autonomy as we further develop our Canadian and UK markets. We are looking for thoughtful, daringly curious candidates who can dive into complex data and draw insightful conclusions. You'll work cross-functionally with many departments and stakeholders, and gain exposure to multiple dimensions of the business.

Our team values diversity in experience and backgrounds—we do our best work when we create space for different voices and perspectives. Whatever unique experiences or skill sets you bring, we look forward to learning from each other.

What You'll Do:
Conduct exploratory data analysis across disparate data sources (spanning website usage, dealer behavior, customer activity and more) to understand the performance of existing UK and Canadian products, target opportunities for new product offerings, and map user journeys throughout the website.
Analyze Canadian and UK user behavior via A/B testing, to identify winning product changes unique to each market.
Partner with the product, engineering, marketing, sales, and finance departments to grow our business, including recommending and advocating for performance improvement ideas unique to the international setting.
Define metrics to evaluate business performance, products and experiments; build reports and dashboards to monitor and understand them
Communicate and present data analysis, visualizations, and insights to key stakeholders
Be a voice and advocate for using data to improve the quality of our decision-making
Who You Are:
1-3 years of experience in data analysis (experience in consumer internet, digital marketing or SaaS product data a plus)
Fluency in SQL
Understanding of statistical concepts
Demonstrated ability in learning new reporting or BI tools
Ability to work independently and in a cross-functional setting
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
CarGurus Culture:

At CarGurus, we invest in our people's professional growth with everything from learning and development programs to tuition reimbursement. Want to work on projects that expand your skill set without sacrificing your work/life balance? You got it. We also strive to provide perks and benefits that employees actually care about like free lunch, commuter subsidies, and more. That includes equity in the company—our way of showing that we want you here for the long haul.

We work hard every day to build the world's most trusted and transparent automotive marketplace, but trust and transparency don't just apply to our consumers. They extend to our talent, too. We aim to create a workplace where everyone feels they can bring the ultimate expression of themselves and their potential—where you don't just fit, you thrive. We don't discriminate based on race, colour, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

In addition to the US, CarGurus operates sites in Canada and the UK. We have offices in Cambridge, MA; Detroit, MI; Dublin, Ireland; San Francisco, CA and London, UK. Check out our careers page to learn more.",3.9,"CarGurus
3.9","Cambridge, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
53,Data Integration & Reporting Analyst,"$52k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Credible Behavioral Health Software is a leading Behavioral Health Enterprise Software company based in Rockville, MD and providing an Electronic Health Record (EHR) to the growing US Behavioral Health market. With several years of double-digit growth, Credible is expanding our team in our Rockville, MD office and nationally. Credible’s Mission is paramount and central to our success: Improving the quality of care and lives in behavioral health for clients, families and providers. If you are interested in combining a mission driven position with a fast paced, results oriented culture, please apply today.

Credible is looking for qualified candidates with experience delivering high quality reporting and data integration products to Partners. The Data Analyst will have the responsibility of converting business requirements into technical specifications and ensuring that all configuration, software, and data needs are met to deliver high quality reporting and data integration projects on time. This position is under the leadership of the Senior Manager of Data Integration and Analytics.

Join the Credible Team!

Overall Responsibility for the Data Analyst:
Converting business requirements into technical specification for data integration and reports
Establishing and maintaining professional relationships with various stakeholders (e.g., Partners, technical resources, state officials, etc.)
Configuring the front-end and data-related back-end of Credible interfaces for Partners
Working with software developers and partners to troubleshoot issues
Developing application and data workflow diagrams
Communicating priorities and status to internal stakeholders
Interacting with our partners to understand requirements and issues
Working with technical team to help clarify requirements and ensure that product delivery adheres to requirements
Working with QA on test plans and test cases
Delivering quality work while operating as a team player while valuing Credible’s mission and culture.
Identifying areas for improvement in team processes and contributing to solutions
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience.
Industry knowledge of the healthcare space, especially behavioral health
2+ years working knowledge and experience with data, databases, reporting, or similar
1+ years of experience with industry standard codes and file formats like HL7, ADT, CDA, CCD, CCR, LOINC, SNOMED, ICD 9/10, etc
Agile and Scrum methodology experience
Candidate must have excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent interpersonal skills including the ability to work with both internal and external customers
Excellent organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple projects and timelines with minimal supervision
Someone who can drive processes independently
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Knowledge and understanding of Healthcare Informatics
Must be authorized to work lawfully in the United States
Credible will not sponsor any applicants for any type of work visa
The following skills and experience are a plus:
SQL & SSRS experience
Business Intelligence software experience
Data integration with HIEs
Credible is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.",4.0,"Credible Behavioral Health, Inc.
4.0","Rockville, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
54,Jr. Business Data Analyst (position added 9/10/2020),"$37k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Fall 2020 Update from WebFX: We're still actively hiring and conducting interviews via video conferencing

Hi there! We're WebFX, a full-service digital marketing agency based in the US. We've been named the Best Place To Work in Pennsylvania 5 times in a row and we'd love to meet you. We're looking for people to join our mission to provide world-class digital marketing solutions to mid-size businesses around the world. We get super excited about driving business growth for our clients and are looking for people who take pride in their marketing work and enjoy having a little fun at the same time.

What We're Looking For

Desired Education
Bachelor's Degree in Marketing, Advertising, Business, Business Information System, Management of Information Systems, or Statistics (GPA above a 3.4)

General Knowledge
Solid understanding of interpreting business analytics
Strong data analysis skills
Solid Understanding of the Internet

Experience
Should have customer service experience in any industry
Part time/summer job/internship experience is a must
Basic HTML or data manipulation software experience (a plus)
Experience with Google Analytics (a plus)

Qualities
Stays up to date on new changes to the web and actively reads several blogs
Professional, dependable, solid work ethic
Solid analytical skills and ability to make decisions based on data
Passion for research and deep-diving into business analytics
Excellent time/project management skills
Approaches problem solving proactively and in a professional manner
Creative problem solving abilities
Detail-Oriented
Self-motivated
Ability to meet deadlines

What You'll Do

Responsibilities
Gather and analyze campaign data
Consult with clients about their business goals and propose solutions and strategies that meet their needs
Analyze competitors’ websites and online marketing initiatives
Perform industry analysis and forecasting of trends
Interpret web analytics, demographic data, market research, and buyer behaviors
Optimizing client websites for search engines (on-page SEO)
Create and manage all aspects of SEO, PPC, and paid search ad campaigns for clients
Manage email marketing, website analysis and online advertising programs
Prepare monthly digital marketing campaign reports
Correct technical issues on the backend of website
Perform A/B, website usability, and website conversion rate testing
Responsible for driving client success on the web

Percentage Breakdown
5% analyzing clients’ competitors
10% writing ad copy, emails, etc.
10% working in the backend of websites/fixing technical issues
10% creating revenue, ROI and traffic reports for client campaigns
10% managing client projects and ad campaigns
15% performing industry, demographic and market research, and trend forecasting
20% client strategy and analytics
20% client interaction- phone calls, emails, in-person meetings
Note: The Jr. Business Data Analyst is a client-facing position

Training
Our “Bootcamp” web marketing training program will be provided for new WebFX “family members”.
On-site, state-of-the-art training amenities to facilitate departmental trainings, trend watch reports, and monthly Lunch-and-Learns

What You'll Get

Opportunities for Growth
WebFX grew 250%+ over the past 3 years, and merit-based promotional opportunities are abundant for new family members who meet or exceed position performance metrics.

Potential Promotional Path for Jr. Business Data Analyst:
Digital Marketing Research Consultant
Director of Digital Marketing
Sr. Digital Marketing Research Consultant

Compensation
$36,500 to $39,500 (potentially higher based on work experience)
Potential additional bonus may be offered for GPA's of 3.8+
Potential additional bonus may be offered for attending an elite college or university & graduate with high honors

Candidates interested in the Jr. Business Data Analyst position may also have interest in:
Digital marketing, online marketing, paid advertising, search marketing, inbound marketing, web marketing, content marketing, PPC, SEO, SEM, blogging, writing, editing, research, communications, entry level positions, etc.
WebFX Perks & Benefits
Flexible Schedule
Pet Friendly Office
Profit Sharing
Little Amps Coffee & Tea Bar
Yoga
On-site Fitness Center
150% Company Match Of Personal Charity Donations
Supplemental Insurance
IRA With Company Matching
Generous Paid Time Off
Employee Wellness Program
FXLearns Library
Activity Groups
Humanitarian Trips
Health/Vision/Dental Coverage
New Parent Support
Casual Dress Code
Home Buyer Program
Personal Desk Fund
Green Commute Benefits
Pawternity Leave",4.6,"webfx.com
4.6","Harrisburg, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
55,Data Analyst Quality - Quality Outcomes Managment,"$35k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our quality data analyst will be responsible to perform high level analyses in support of institution-wide clinical quality improvement activities. The analyst will facilitate the development and maintenance of data collection, leveraging existing data to identify gaps in care and recommend areas of focus for quality improvement activities.

An integral role to ensure that the organization exceeds its goals, the quality analyst will work collaboratively with Decision Support & Quality Services to determine resources needed to improve identified gaps in care and to develop recommendations for quality improvement based on findings.

The individual selected for this role will be engaging with a strong ability to present complex information to stakeholders in a compelling and accessible manner. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced analyst who understands common quality benchmarks and thrives in a high-autonomy environment.

A creative role with strong flexibility, the analyst will be exposed to, and lead high-impact projects as a partner to executive and clinical leaders.

Penn State Health offers exceptional benefits including healthcare starting day one. Our employees enjoy a robust paid time off program that enables them to realize strong life/work balance.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Computer Science or a related field required.

3 years data analysis experience in either finance, clinical, or research required.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Project management skills preferred.

Experience with statistics preferred.

Experience with Vizient, Cerner or Midas would be helpful.

If chosen for this position, you may be required to pass a Post Offer Employment Physical Exam in accordance with the measurements listed in the Work Task Analysis (WTA) report. This job description is a general outline of duties performed and is not to be misconstrued as encompassing all duties performed within the position. All individuals (including current employees) selected for a position will undergo a background check appropriate for the position's responsibilities.

Penn State Health is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please call 717-531-8440 between the hours of 8:30 AM and 4:30 PM, Eastern Standard Time, Monday – Friday, email hrsolutions@pennstatehealth.psu.edu or download our Accommodation Instructions for Job Applicants PDF for more detailed steps for assistance.

Union: Non Bargained

IND123

#LI-TB1",-1,Penn State Health Milton S. Hershey Medical Center,"Hershey, PA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
56,Data Analyst II,"$41k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We know why you are reading about this opportunity. You are driven to achieve goals. You are looking to make a direct impact. You want to work in a culture where your co-workers work as part of a diverse team, communicate across departments, and have a positive attitude. If we had to guess, you are innovative with great ideas, want to bring efficiencies to processes, and are looking to grow your career. Are we right? If so, let’s talk about who we are.

Who We Are

Greenphire is a leading provider of clinical payment and communication solutions. We provide software as a service (SaaS) to reduce costs, increase participant retention, and produce quantifiable results for our clients in the clinical trial industry. Our vibrant culture focuses on four key values: All In, As a Team, For a Purpose, Solving Problems.

We are a multi-year recipient of the Philadelphia Business Journal’s Best Places to Work award, and love to give shout-outs and awards to our employees. Our For A Purpose committee champions philanthropic activities throughout the year so employees can give back to our community. We have a diversity committee that focuses on breaking down barriers, recognizing that our uniqueness is what makes us so successful!

To Join Our Team

You must love numbers and manipulating large sets of data. You also must be analytical with experience extracting and uploading data into a system - paying special attention to detail and taking pride in accuracy. At the same time, you have to be able to excel in a fast-paced environment and love ever-changing and advancing work. If automating and making things efficient is your thing, look no further!

How You Will Contribute
Build internal relationships and deliver data science solutions to meet their needs
Extract and manipulate large amounts of data using SQL, Excel and visualization analytics software
Present analytics and data visualizations for stakeholders, with actionable insights
Provide ad hoc queries, and develop reports that provide insights and access to key performance metrics
Integrate data from multiple sources into reports for internal and external sources
Conduct quality control and auditing to ensure accuracy and appropriateness of data and configurations
Work cross-functionally with Operations and Technology to improve data quality and reporting
For Consideration You Will Have
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science, finance or equivalent work experience
SQL and advanced Excel experience
Prior coding experience (a plus)
Proficiency with visual analytics software; MS Power BI, MS SQL Server Analysis is a plus!
Proven analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities
Passion for sharing your skills and data knowledge with others
Demonstration of high degree of productivity while handling multiple tasks simultaneously, and easily adaptable to urgent matters when required
Strong written and verbal communication, and research skills
Strong relationship building skills for collaboration",3.6,"Greenphire
3.6","King of Prussia, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
57,Data Analyst,-1,"At Big Health, our purpose is to help millions back to good mental health. Our “digital therapeutics” - Daylight™, for worry & anxiety, and Sleepio™, for poor sleep - are fully automated cognitive and behavioral programs that are as scalable and clinically validated as drugs. Our software combines the intimacy of the human voice, engaging animation, and clinically rigorous techniques to help people overcome their mental health challenges. Big Health’s products are backed by 50 published clinical papers including 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and are cited in leading clinical guidelines including the American College of Physicians and NICE. Today, over 12 million people worldwide have reimbursed access to Big Health’s products, via leading employers in the US and the UK’s NHS.

As an Analyst at Big Health, you will develop a definitive knowledge of user data for our products and use that knowledge to answer big-picture questions about how people interact with our products and what outcomes they achieve. Your work will ensure our products reach the people who need them, inform decisions all the way up to the executive level, and keep us ahead of the curve by identifying the metrics that matter.
Responsibilities and Outcomes
Provide accurate reporting on user engagement and behavior to internal consumers company-wide.
Consolidate frequent requests into dashboards and other on-demand resources.
Help the Customer Success and Sales teams make their cases with compelling quantitative claims and sound supporting evidence.
Identify trends in client, end user, and marketing data that make the Customer Success team more effective at driving adoption of our products. Write scripts that automate regular reporting to clients and partners.
Develop engaging ways to depict and present multifaceted outcomes data to clients.
Manage financial datasets and the processes for keeping them up-to-date and accurate.
Core Competencies
You should be able to write complicated SQL queries, be a power user of R or Python for data analysis and manipulation, have some experience with scripting, and have strong skills in Excel/ Google sheets.
Comprehensive data manipulation abilities that allow you to confidently transform data while maintaining its integrity using all the tools listed above.
Exceptional attention to detail - the numbers you share will have a big impact, so you will need to be sure that they reflect what you intend.
Strong communication and presentation skills. Analyzing and compiling data is only the first step - you also need to be able to effectively communicate your findings to the rest of the team (including people who aren’t familiar with data analysis).
Experience with stakeholder management. You will need to juggle diverse requests from across the company, so the ability to set expectations and hit the hard deadlines you agree to is essential.
Life at Big Health
Be part of a team that includes clinical psychologists, software engineers, business leaders and even a former professional magician [shh… it’s a secret].
Surround yourself with the smartest, most enthusiastic and dedicated people you’ll ever meet, but who listen well, learn from their mistakes and when things go wrong, generously pull together to help each other out
Check out our values - they’re a living, breathing part of our culture
Enjoy benefits including a generous vacation policy, professional development fund, flexible working locations and more.
Competitive salary packages including stock options.
Because we are on a mission to bring millions back to good mental health, we believe it’s essential to reflect the diversity of those we intend to serve. We’re an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building a culturally and experientially diverse team that leads with empathy and respect. Additionally, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance",4.9,"Big Health (CA)
4.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
58,Tableau Developer & Data Analyst,-1,"We're hiring!

Leaf Group is looking for an experienced Tableau Developer & Data Analyst for Saatchi Art to join our Business Intelligence (BI) team in Santa Monica, CA.

Saatchi Art is the world's leading online art gallery, established with the goal of helping people all over the world connect with art and artists they love. We offer an unparalleled selection of paintings, drawings, sculpture, and photography in a wide range of prices, and provide artists worldwide with an expertly curated environment in which to exhibit and sell their work. Based in Los Angeles, Saatchi Art is redefining the experience of buying and selling art, making it welcoming and accessible for artists and collectors alike.

Leaf Group is a house of digital brands, creating and cultivating digital-first companies in growing lifestyle categories, including Fitness & Wellness, Art & Design and Publishing. Our media and marketplace brands are authentic and authoritative, reaching a large and growing passionate, creative audience.

We work in a fun, collaborative environment that is diverse, adventurous, and open-minded. We look for proactive, accountable people focused on continuous learning and growth to push themselves and our businesses forward. Check us out here: https://www.leafgroup.com/brands/

A big vision calls for a big job. As we grow, our need for a Tableau Developer & Data Analyst grows with us.

You'll Report To: Sr. Director, Business Intelligence

A typical day as a Tableau Developer & Data Analyst might include:
Create complex SQL queries and perform ad-hoc and exploratory data analysis.
Provide data-driven insights to enable decision-making.
Create data visualizations using Tableau
Work with the business units to establish KPIs and methodology, and then create the appropriate reports and analysis.
Develop, own, and present dashboards to Senior Management that provide actionable insights.
Investigate data anomalies and perform Root Cause Analysis (RCA).
Audit peer reports and provide constructive feedback.
You'll be successful if you are a motivated Data Analyst with strong SQL/Tableau skills and are looking to join an energetic, fast-paced, project-driven BI team.

What You Have:
BA in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics or Mathematics or equivalent experience.
3+ years practical experience in SQL query scripting, debugging, and execution.
2+ years of experience building Tableau dashboards.
1+ years of experience working in a data-intensive organization with large-scale datasets.
Excel proficiency is required.
Previous eCommerce experience is a plus.
Proficiency in Python or other scripting language is a plus.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Not afraid to wear multiple hats - no job being too small or too large.
We're casual and informal but we work hard and work responsibly. Personal accountability goes a long way. We believe we are the change.
What We Have:
eHow is the 2019 & 2020 People's Choice and official Webby Winner for Social Video/How To-DIY
Well+Good is the 2019 People's Choice winner of the Webby's Award for Best Lifestyle Brand
Leaf Group is among TalentDesk's 2019 Best Companies To Work For
Leaf Group is among the 2019 Built In LA Best Companies To Work For
Leaf Group is among Comparably's 2018 Best Companies in Los Angeles
Well+Good is the 2018 winner of Fast Company's Most Innovative Company Award
MyPlate is the 2018 winner of the Webby Award for Best Design
Winner of the 2017 Best Company for Diversity award Comparably
Competitive compensation and benefits packages (i.e., Medical, Dental, Vision, FSA, 401K)
Discounted gym memberships
Paid-to-play vacation rewards
Discretionary unlimited vacation time
Employee discounts for Saatchi Art, Society6, and Deny Designs
Leaf Group, Ltd. is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for all job openings are welcome and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or any other basis protected by state, federal, or local law. It is the intent of the Company to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local legislation concerning equal opportunity in employment.

Agency Disclosure:

If the Leaf Group Talent Acquisition department, or any current company employee, receives an unsolicited resume from a third party recruiting agency and Leaf Group does not have a signed Agency Agreement active, Leaf Group will not be deemed liable to pay a placement fee. The unsolicited resume will be considered a gift and can be considered for our recruitment efforts.",4.3,"Leaf Group
4.3",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
59,Product Data Analyst,"$55k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","OVERVIEW:

As the Company expands its product offerings, there are rapidly growing needs to use both external and internal data sources to ensure optimal financial and operational performance. The Product Data Analyst is a highly skilled and proficient in their discipline which adds value to the organization. The role will focus on internal data sources, ensuring we have access to the required data and are using effective reports to monitor and interpret this data.

TEAM OVERVIEW:

The Product Strategy Group works to ensure the Company offers competitive products that provide growth and profitability. The group performs a wide range of analytics and uses both internal and external data sources to achieve these ends. We interact and provide guidance primarily to Product, Marketing & Finance.

COMPANY PERKS:

Competitive pay, 401k with company match, Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Educational Reimbursement, Commuter benefits, Discount programs, Inventor patent bonuses

COMPANY OVERVIEW:

Stamps.com (NASDAQ: STMP) is the leading provider of postage online and shipping software solutions to customers including consumers, small businesses, e-commerce shippers, enterprises, and high volume shippers. Stamps.com offers solutions that help businesses run their shipping operations more smoothly and function more successfully under the brand names Stamps.com, Endicia®, ShipStation®, ShipEngine®, ShippingEasy®, ShipWorks®, GlobalPost and MetaPack™. Stamps.com’s family of brands provides seamless access to mailing and shipping services through integrations with more than 500 unique partner applications.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Primary Objectives:
Ensure Product, Operations and Product Strategy groups have timely access to reliable data to make critical, real-time business decisions
Develop a strong working relationship with the Company’s Business Intelligence group; serve as the primarily liaison between the above-mentioned groups and BI
Drive the data reporting strategy for these groups; develop reports to the specifications of these teams; and evaluate appropriate software tools to most efficiently meet team needs
Essential Position Duties:
Acquire, clean, and structure data from multiple sources; analyze data to discover and interpret trends, patterns, and relationships. Working across departments, help us ensure data quality and present data in a way that makes it easy to communicate among different groups.
Master large data sets with SQL and Tableau
Build dashboards and reports, presenting key insights and ensuring data driven actions to improve the business
Seek out improvements in current internal reporting and performance monitoring to drive more accuracy, better insights, and more streamlined processes
Perform other duties as assigned
Additional Job Duties:
Sit for prolonged periods of time
Utilize wrist and hands for a prolonged period of time
Walk short distances
Stand for short periods
Speaking and conversing with others
Lift up to 25 lbs without assistance up to chest height
QUALIFICATIONS:

Education and/or Experience:
Bachelor degree, preferably in a quantitative/analytical field.
Four or more (4+) years of relevant experience.
Skills and Knowledge:
Excellent analytical and fact-based problem solving skills, including ability to analyze large amounts of data and be able to make recommendations based on identification of trend and gaps along with creating forecasts based on historical data.
Excellent analytical and fact-based problem solving skills, with strong attention to detail.
Must be a self-starter and ready to work in an intense but fun environment with our existing team of marketing professionals.
Strong communication and relationship-building skills.
Self-motivated individual who is able to prioritize and multi-task.
Works well under pressure and able to meet tight deadlines.
Ability to conduct complex work under minimal supervision and with wide latitude for independent judgement.
Computer/Software/Application Proficiency:
Advanced Excel user, with strong SQL knowledge
Experience with visualization software such as Tableau required
Travel Requirements:
None anticipated
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information about the Stamps.com Privacy Policy for California residents linked here.

#LI-KD1",3.9,"Stamps.com
3.9","El Segundo, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
60,Data Analyst,-1,"Who We Are

At Christian Care Ministry we believe that Christians can, and should, share in one another's burdens. Through the use of Medi-Share®, a Christian Healthcare Ministry, we cultivate that belief.

The Team

Everyone at Christian Care Ministry agrees to our Statement of Faith which outlines our core beliefs. Although we aren't perfect people, we are serving our perfect God to the best of our ability.

We work hard to serve our members, but know we can only do that if we invest in our employees professionally, financially, physically, and spiritually. Through times of prayer, weekly Chapel services, plenty of professional development, an onsite gym, 401(k) and, great benefits, we purposefully invest in our employees so that our employees can invest in others.

The Role

The Data Analyst conducts statistical analysis and modeling on various datasets across the organization, identifying and presenting actionable analytics and insights to all levels of management. You will be responsible for generation, maintenance and delivery (ad hoc, on-demand and automated) of basic reporting and data requests throughout the organization. Utilizing numerous types of data, both modeled and disparate, this analyst will produce accurate, timely reports as requested for various levels of management that is essential for decision-making and performance management. With strong proficiency in several technical coding skillsets, this position is able to write complex, accurate code to extract ministry data for analysis purposes with little supervision.

In This Role You Will...
Support in designing, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions organization-wide. Additionally, this role will maintain proper documentation for all ad-hoc, on-demand and standard/regularly-occurring reports distributed.
Takes initiative to learn new types of data with regular guidance from BI leadership by exploring data as well as research into business processes/workflows generating the data
Gains understanding that is critical for delivering accurate report results.
Works with Data Governance to ensure new data is properly documented and understood.
Pursues and shows consistent growth in relevant, technical skills such as SQL, SSRS & Sales Force reporting.
Accumulates and retains knowledge of business practices/procedures at CCM quickly, using this information to think critically about all reporting requests received.
Builds accurate views and queries for use by the organization and potentially other BI analysts, utilizing SQL best practices and adhering to coding standards as set forth by CCM's Data Services team.
Assists in conversion of legacy/queries reports in Microsoft Access to other tools like SQL, SSRS, Sales Force Reporting or Tableau
Learns to address expected and unforeseen data issues to ensure the accuracy of reports, ensuring any resulting business decisions are made from accurate findings.
Works in collaboration with the data owners/stewards to improve data quality where possible
Establishes strong working relationships with the business, taking the initiative to help internal customers refine the scope of reporting requests to ensure internal customers are asking for the data they actually want.
Partners with Data Services and Governance team to address Data Quality and Governance issues that arise, making recommendations as necessary for trends/issues that are discovered
Collaborates with the BI team to develop relevant and repeatable policies and procedures for preparing business reports and departmental processes
Under the direction/guidance of BI's Tableau Developer/Data Analyst, develops dashboards and visualizations in Tableau for consumption by the organization as assigned by department leadership.
Collaborates effectively inter- and intra-departmentally to assist team in reaching desired outcomes
In This Role You Must Have…
Proficiency and knowledge in SQL and Tableau
Understanding of modern business analytics technology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Advanced Microsoft Office skills including Excel and Powerpoint
Ability to multi-task and work effectively under pressure
Detail-oriented mindset with passion to understand data and ensure accuracy
Ability to think and work independently
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, information science, engineering, data science or relevant field
0-2 years' relevant working experience
Experience working with Healthcare data is required
Experience with statistical modeling tool(s) required",3.2,"Christian Care Ministry
3.2","Melbourne, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
61,Program Data Analyst,"$50k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: NACI (T1)
Requisition Type: Regular

GDIT is seeking a Program/Data Analyst (SAS) to support The Army Public Health Center (APHC).

APHC's mission is to: Enhance Army readiness by identifying and assessing current and emerging health threats, developing and communicating public health solutions, and assuring the quality and effectiveness of the Army's Public Health Enterprise.

This position is based in Aberdeen and is 100% remote until COVID-19 pandemic restrictions are lifted.

In this role, a typical day will include:

Development and review of study protocols, critical literature reviews, direct participation in data collection, and interpretation of study results.
Creating, managing, and assessing databases critical to the mission as well as providing internal/external customer service support.
Utilizing these databases to design studies, answer inquiries, and produce reports.
Using major medical information systems such as MSS DataMart or MHS Data Repository (MDR) Composite Health Care System (CHCS) or AHLTA.
Performing analytical and inferential statistics to include risk ratios, odds ratios, ANOVA, T-test, chi 2, correlation, non-parametric tests, regression and logistic regression, and survival analysis.
Fluency with computerized database management and statistical software programs, particularly SAS, SPSS and R coding and database management.
Identifying critical outcome measures, both morbidity and mortality based, for the evaluation of the effectiveness of public health programs.
Comparing outcome objectives for disease prevention and health promotion programs which will enable comparison with other applicable benchmarks.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors of Science Degree in Public Health or related field
4+ years’ experience in healthcare related field and experience
Statistical software program experience required
US Citizenship
NACI(T1) Clearable

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Master's Degree in Public Health related field w/1+ years' experience in healthcare related field and experience
Familiarity with a variety of the field’s concepts, regulations, standards, practices and procedures, pertaining to Environmental Public Health
SAS Statistical software program experience preferred

#GDITPriority

#MilitaryHealthGDITJobs

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.6,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.6","Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
62,Sr Data Analyst,"$52k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position location: Lake Mary, FLor Blue Bell, PA

Position Summary
The Senior Data Analyst drives pharma client analytics solutions for United BioSource Corporation (UBC), supporting many of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies to improve patient lives, support drug safety programs, and help manage new Clinical studies.

Responsibilities

· Build and continually improve Tableau dashboard offerings for business partners.

· Monitor and analyze business performance, providing targeted dashboards and recommendations for operational improvement.

· Serve as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for business data, systems and processes under team’s area of support.

· Write and edit SQL code to ensure data is pulled optimally.

Required Qualifications

· BS in a technical field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, IS, Computer Science, etc).

· Advanced SQL skills.

· Advanced dashboard design skills, including 2+ years of experience with a dashboard toolset (Tableau, Qlik, Domo, Birst, etc).

· 2+ years of data analysis experience.

· Excellent communication and presentation ability.

· Excellent project management skills.

· Highly self-motivated.

Preferred Qualifications

· MS in a Data-related field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, etc).

· Expert-level SQL skills

· Expert-level Tableau skills.

· Advanced R skills.

· Healthcare (ideally pharma) experience.

·Minimal travel is required (",2.5,"United BioSource
2.5","Blue Bell, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Other Organization,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
63,"Data Analyst, Payments","$68k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Build out rigorous observability and optimizations across the Stripe Payments Stack

About our Team:


Payments are the core of Stripe's business, and the groups and teams within Payments Infrastructure are broadly responsible for processing and moving these funds at a huge scale.

From the outside, a customer's credit card is charged and the merchant receives a payout to their bank account. On the inside, we have a network of teams that build infrastructure for charging the credit cards (or other payment methods, like bank transfers or Alipay), integrations with our banking partners to send transfers to our users across the globe, systems that collect Stripe's revenue, and more. Collectively, this group powers all payments products at Stripe, and we're looking for talented analysts to come help us organize and understand the data surrounding these complex processes.

You will:
Work closely with product and engineering teams to identify important questions around how to define key metrics
Conduct analyses and opportunity sizing to define addressable markets and operational opportunities for improvement
Develop compelling dashboards and automated reporting related to key performance metrics
Communicate results and influence key decision makers, including engineering, and business leaders
You'd ideally have:


3+ years experience in product analytics
Extensive experience and passion for metrics and dashboards visualizations
Highly skilled at writing SQL to query relational databases; knowledge of R or Python is a plus
Strong communication and presentation skills
Degree in a quantitative field (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Math, Sciences, Engineering)
You should include these in your application:
A resume and LinkedIn profile
A dashboard sample
What's it like to work at Stripe?


Stripe is helping the internet fulfill its potential as a platform for economic progress by building software tools that accelerate global economic access and technological development. Stripe makes it easy to start, run and scale an internet business from anywhere in the world.

We look at Stripe as a constant work in progress and the same is true of our people; for all of us, we believe the best is yet to come. We're here to support each other in our curiosity and creativity – which we pursue through thoughtful discussion and knowledge-sharing among a diverse set of peers and colleagues.

We want to work in a company of warm, inclusive people who treat their colleagues exceptionally well. The kind of people who are committed to going out of their way to help other Stripes in the short-term and pushing them to improve over the long-term (by helping them to get better at what they do).

We're a highly cross-functional organization and view that as part of the fun: we design our space to encourage as much collaboration as possible. We have long tables in the kitchen for a reason (to enable everyone to meet new people and learn from them). We also have a culture of transparency that we carry through to email communication, ensuring that Stripes all around the world have the information they need to make good local decisions.

In both our products and our people, we aim to reflect, represent and advocate for all of our users, globally. Our users transcend geography, culture and language; what we share, collectively, is a drive to create a fairer, more economically interconnected world.",4.1,"Stripe
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
64,Data Analyst,"$56k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst

PCG is searching for proven Data Analysts to define data requirements and functional specifications that will drive improved environment and analysis that align to business objectives.
Compensation: $80,000 to $120,000 Annually
Benefits Offered: Medical, Dental, Life, 401K
Employment Type: Full-Time
IDEAL CANDIDATE
3+ years’ experience in, data cleanup, report definition and development and backend database transactions
Skilled with several of the following: Access, Excel, SQL, Dynamics SL, Dynamics, Epicor, and IQMS, Oracle, MatLab, Tablean, and Queries
Solid analytical, quantitative and problem-solving skills, with the ability to use statistical analysis and modeling
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILTIES
Take data in existing access database and clean and update the data
Determine functionality of current system and business processes for both current and future state
Assess current situation of the state of the information in the access database, solidify requirements, provide a resolution, and execute solution
Take multiple opinions and guide teams to a common ground
Code reviews and feedback
Requirements definition/ documentation
Lead requirements gathering sessions using multiple techniques
Implement new technologies
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
BS or AA in computer science or equivalent related work experience
Demonstrated excellence in data manipulation and data visualization skills
Excellent communication, time management, and teamwork skills
Experience with data cleansing, data conversion and ETL initiatives
Proficient with multiple scripting languages, version-control systems
Data validation, testing, and impact analysis experience
Experience with security and related issues, solutions and technologies
Excellent system-level thinking and the ability to move up and down the stack",4.4,"Project Consulting Group
4.4","Minneapolis, MN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
65,Data Governance Analyst,"$54k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Ocean Spray believes that our employees are our best asset and we offer an environment where you can work with exceptionally smart, innovative, passionate teams that are motivated to deliver Ocean Spray products around the world. If you are looking for a rewarding career where you can Grow, Own, Live and Drive your career every day, Ocean Spray is for you!

Who We are Looking For:

We are looking for a challenge seeker with a passion for data to help us grow our Data Governance program at Ocean Spray. If you have a deep appreciation for efficiency and for getting things right up-front, this is the role for you! The ideal candidate will possess solid business acumen and the ability to evaluate processes and drive improvements. Self-motivation, strong organizational and prioritization skills, an ability to multi-task and attention to detail are just a few of the competencies that will lead to success in this role.

What You Will Do:

In this role you will help drive forward data governance improvements by developing a deep understanding of business processes, identifying opportunities for fixing broken processes and ensuring quality data capture and maintenance. You will partner with business process subject matter experts across departments to create, document and maintain validation rules for automation. You will also work hand in hand with the Data Architecture team and other members of the Tech team as you gain knowledge of our end-to-end system design and build understanding of data elements and their lineage.

Responsibilities:
Support development of data governance framework and enterprise data governance policies, processes, standards and roles across systems and projects
Own, understand and govern the master data management process (own the rules of the data)
Improve data capture processes to enhance business analysis and decision-making
Improve data accuracy and “tie-out” between systems
Provide clarity to filed values, calculations and reporting to improve internal understanding
Configure attribute workflow management using Ocean Spray’s master data management toolset
Identify opportunities for system automation and reduction of manual data capture
Collaborate with business process SMEs across departments to develop mechanisms and rule sets to validate the accuracy of data
Contribute to Ocean Spray’s Data Governance Policies & Procedures and share with the cooperative to ensure best practices are followed
Audit master and transactional data for SLA compliance
Qualifications:
B.S. or M.S. in either Business or an Analytical discipline – a combination of the two major/minor would be ideal (for example Data Science and Business)
3-5 years of related CPG experience
Knowledge of industry data standards
Experience with Tibco EBX preferred
Strong project management skills
Intermediate understanding of data architecture concepts
Experience with SQL preferred
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Ability to work independently when needed
Strong “executive presence”
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.",2.8,"Ocean Spray
2.8","Lakeville, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1930,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
66,Associate Research Analyst- Data Science Division,"$55k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Wednesday, September 30, 2020

The Data Science Division works on projects to help the Department of the Navy and other government agencies to develop advanced analytics and algorithms for systems, sensors, networks, and platforms to ensure America's defense in the 21st century. DSD researchers have relevant experience (either in course work, previous job experience, or military experience) in programming, machine learning, model building, and data visualization.

CNA fosters an inclusive culture that values diverse backgrounds and perspectives. Our flexible and engaging work environment encourages iterative and creative collaboration at every stage of the problem solving process. Our employees are committed to helping clients develop effective solutions to better manage their programs through scientific, data-driven approaches.

We are looking for creative and innovative individuals to help carry out our mission.

PRIMARY PURPOSE

Staff at this level will provide research, analytical, and technical support on a range of projects.

JOB DESCRIPTION AND/OR DUTIES

1. Under close supervision, conducts research and analysis that meets CNA’s quality standards* on focused, structured questions. Can effectively apply standard, routine, and well-established analytic methodologies. With minimal direction and supervision, routinely produces analysis that is logical and traceable as well as objective and unbiased. Shows some analytic creativity

2. Develops rudimentary institutional knowledge of primary clients/sponsors; their culture, organization, and issues.

3. Contributes productively and harmoniously to the work of others; treats everyone respectfully, professionally and fairly. Keeps others informed. Actively engages with colleagues and works with manager to identify opportunities for collaborations with

4. Supports business development efforts and/or marketing activities by conducting background research and helping prepare materials under the direction of more experienced staff.

5. Limited interaction with sponsors/clients and their study POCs under the supervision of an experienced colleague.

6. Impact largely confined to individual project work.

7. Demonstrates basic, effective communication skills, both written and oral. Can effectively present work to colleagues and CNA managers.

8. Works under close supervision on focused, well-structured pieces of projects.

9. Exhibits a positive attitude in interactions with colleagues and clients/sponsors. Serves as an effective member of project or research team by supporting leadership as needed.

10. Performs other duties as assigned.

JOB REQUIREMENTS

1. Education: Minimum Master’s degree in a relevant field (data science related field) or equivalent experience.

2. Experience: Typical minimum requirements Master’s & 0+ years of experience in research and analysis.

3. Skills: Facility with Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Word, Access, Powerpoint); Ability to manage databases; Ability to gather and organize information on policies, systems, problems, or procedures; Strong critical thinking and organizational skills; Basic knowledge of research techniques; Ability to plan and organize tasks effectively, both as an individual contributor and as a team member; Basic, effective communication skills.

4. Other: Ability to obtain and maintain an Active Secret Security Clearance.

CNA is committed to providing equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service and protected veterans, or other non-merit based factors. In addition to federal legal requirements, CNA complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. These protections extend to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting and hiring practices, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training and career development programs. For more information about EEO protections, please view the EEO is the law posters below: ""EEO is the Law"" Poster; ""EEO is the Law"" Poster Supplement. The pay transparency policy is available here: Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Poster

To be considered for hire, all individuals applying for positions with CNA are subject to a background investigation. For positions requiring access to classified information, U.S. citizenship is required. Individuals will also be subject to an additional government background investigation, and continued employment eligibility is contingent upon the ability to obtain and maintain an active security clearance.

Other details
Job Family
Research
Job Function
Career Path II - Expert & Research Specialist
Pay Type
Salary",3.3,"CNA Corporation
3.3","Arlington, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1942,Nonprofit Organization,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
67,Tactical Data Link Analyst,-1,"Job Responsibilities

Provide Tactical Data Link (TDL) expertise, as well as logistical and training support to weapon system testing and integration as follows:

Certify international partner defense systems as interoperable with US defense systems
Perform test planning for interoperability testing including standards conformance testing
Collect test data from defense systems using government-furnished network and test tools
Analyze TDL data using government-furnished network and test tools
Prepare briefings/reports on TDL test findings to government customer
Provide implementation and improvement recommendations
Investigate and solve Tactical Communication system performance issues
Design, develop, and deliver leading edge TDL functionality for intelligence dissemination to theater operational forces for tactical execution
Support the performance, verification, and sustainment of fielded TDL systems and components

QUALIFICATIONS:

Required Education & Experience

Bachelor's degree in a technical field with ten (10) years relevant experience, or have a master's degree in a technical field with eight (8) years relevant experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience with building and analyzing Data Link (e.g. Link11, Link16, JREAP,TDL, etc.) architectures
Experience with MIL-STD-1553B interfaces as well as familiarity with common Tactical Datalink radios/terminals, to include MIDS, LVT, MIDS JTRS, BU1 and BU2.
Experience with common TDL equipment to include JRE Gateway and Air Defense System Integrator (ADSI)
Experience presenting design and project information at periodic reviews as well as recommending improvements to existing designs

Required Knowledge & Skills

Working knowledge of Mil-Standards 6018, 6016, 3011, and 6020
Able to read, interpret, create, and maintain spreadsheets, charts, reports, investigation and test plans, and procedures
Ability to communicate clearly (written and verbal) to technical and non-technical personnel
Ability to work both independently and within a team environment
Proficiency in Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, et al) is required

Desired Qualifications

Experience as a military JICO

Other Requirements

Active DoD Confidential/Secret clearance
Up to 25% travel required",4.3,"Delta Research Inc
4.3","Huntsville, AL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
68,Data Analyst - Predictive Modeler,-1,"Zeta Global is looking for a talented Predictive Modeler to join our Analytics team. Armed with the Advanced Analytics & Data Science skills, this position will be responsible for supporting and improving the quality of our customer acquisition efforts using machine learning, statistics and data wrangling skills.

Key Responsibilities:
Predictive/Prescriptive Modeling & Optimization: Develop state-of-the-art predictive and recommender systems that support business objectives.
Data Visualization: Support and maintain KPI dashboards using Tableau. Collaborate with internal teams to gather requirements and provide reporting solutions.
Support Data Infrastructure: Use scripting languages like Python (Pandas, PySpark and Sci-kit) and MySQL to extract, transform and load data. In addition, support the management of internal data marts.
Ad-hoc reporting: Collaborate with cross-departmental teams to drive analyses and insights that lead to insightful decisions and improved financial performance/ROI for the business.
Requirements:
You love being a change agent! You tangibly add value for decision makers with actionable insights from data.
Proven ability to implement statistical/machine learning techniques in R / SQL and Python. In addition, ability to disseminate insights using data visualization tools like Tableau.
Exceptional attention-to-detail with the ability to meet aggressive deadlines. We move at a fast pace and generally have 3-5 projects going at any one time.
Excellent story-telling skills. The insights gleaned are no good if you can't present it in an effective and organized fashion.
MS degree in Business Analytics, Data Science or similar quantitative disciplines. Bachelor’s degree with minimum 1 years of experience will also be considered.
Strong knowledge of modeling algorithms like randomForest, nnet, svm, and glmnet packages in R and Python.
Desired Skills:
Ability to write complex R, Python and PySpark scripts.
Working knowledge with Python NLP packages like Spacy, NLTK and pycorenlp.
#LI-MC1

About Zeta Global
Zeta Global is a data-powered marketing technology company with a heritage of innovation and industry leadership. Founded in 2007 by entrepreneur David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company combines the industry’s 3rd largest proprietary data set (2.4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.

Our technology runs on the Zeta Marketing Platform, which powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable.

Zeta Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, medical condition, disability, veterans status, or any other basis protected by law.

Zeta Global Recognized in Enterprise Marketing Software and Cross-Channel Campaign Management Reports by Independent Research Firm

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-opens-ai--data-labs-in-san-francisco-and-nyc-300945353.html

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-recognized-in-enterprise-marketing-software-and-cross-channel-campaign-management-reports-by-independent-research-firm-300938241.html",3.3,"Zeta Global
3.3","South Norwalk, CT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
69,Market Data Analyst,"$31k-$57k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are seeking a creative, data driven Marketing Analyst to join our fast paced, growing organization. Candidate is responsible for researching product and manufacturing trends, evaluating campaign results and making recommendations for growth and operating efficiency improvements to our management team. The ideal candidate will have experience with complex data mining/analysis and implementation. This is a growth position with upward mobility. Complete benefit package includes medical, dental, vision life insurance, student loan repayment assistance and a 401(k) company matched contribution.

Responsibilities:
Evaluate market trends and patterns to suggest new & complementary products
Manage Distribution Price List and analyze market data to identify cause and effect relationships
Evaluate product, pricing, placement (distribution channels) and promotion (advertisements/marketing campaigns) and present recommendations to management
Work closely with Distribution Channel Partners to grow market share in under-represented markets
Examine return on investment of marketing campaigns
Travel to customers and industry events to gather market intelligence
Visit other Amphenol Business Units domestically and internationally to learn best-practices and facilitate implementation internally
Work closely with Sales and Marketing to track competitive landscape and market trends
Requirements:
Undergraduate or Masters degree in Marketing, Business, Engineering or related field
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Preferred:
1-3 years of experience in a fast-paced global manufacturing environment
“An Equal Opportunity Employer” Minority/Female/Disabled/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity or National Origin"" Drug free workplance.

ITAR - The candidate must be able to legally work in the United States; we are unable to provide sponsorship. Position requires candidate to be a US Person as defined in ITAR, 22 CFR 120.15 (US Citizenship or Resident Alien Status) and defined by 8 USC 1101(a) (20).

Apply for This Position",3.5,"SV Microwave
3.5","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1991,Company - Public,Telecommunications Manufacturing,Telecommunications,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
70,Research Data Analysts,"$31k-$55k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

This position is term-limited for one year at the start of the appointment.

In addition to your resume, please include a short summary (less than one page) with how this position fits within your career goals, why you are interested, and when you would be available to join the team

Reporting to Dr. Emily Martin or Dr. Marisa Eisenberg, you will be a critical part of the University of Michigan COVID response efforts. You will develop research and data collection strategies related to the campus-wide COVID-19 Community Sampling and Tracking program, the COVID-19 Dashboard and efforts related to data modeling and analysis of overall COVID response efforts. These programs will provide our public health experts with early warning signs and identify opportunities to slow COVID-19 transmission. You will work with a team of researchers and play an essential role in the public health response to COVID-19 by supporting initiatives that will add to our understanding of how the virus is affecting our community.
Develop research and data collection strategy to support program outcomes
Refine program and data collection strategy to support outcomes
Identify programmatic or data issues and build solutions
Design, develop and run complex research analyses and continuous improvement efforts
Collect data, ensure its integrity and interpret results
Create written communications, reports and recommendations
Coordinate with partners for data collection and submission
Write technical portions of grant proposals and manuscripts
Master's of Public Health in Epidemiology or Master’s Degree in Biostatistics or other related field
Formal training in large, public health research projects
3+ years of experience coordinating health-related research projects
Formal training and expert proficiency with R and SAS
In addition to a career filled with purpose and opportunity, the University of Michigan offers a comprehensive benefits package to help you stay well, protect yourself and your family and plan for a secure future. Benefits include:
Generous time off
A retirement plan that provides two-for-one matching contributions with immediate vesting
Many choices for comprehensive health insurance
Life insurance
Long-term disability coverage
Flexible spending accounts for healthcare and dependent care expenses
Michigan Public Health is seeking an experienced and dynamic staff member with a commitment to contributing to a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment for all members of our community.",4.4,"University of Michigan
4.4","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1817,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
71,Data Analyst,"$34k-$60k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We currently have a new opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our Accounting/Finance/Business Intelligence team. This position will work with data generated by a variety of credit union systems to create, validate, and generate business reports that management will use in decision making. This position will coordinate with various business areas to envision and develop report specifications, track the request pipeline and delivery metrics, suggest system enhancements, and create documentation.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Build and maintain queries, dashboards, and reports.
Respond to day to day custom requests for data and reports.
Perform ad hoc data requests and analysis as needed.
Extract data from various systems.
Analyze results of data reports for anomalies, accuracy, and applicability to business unit requests.
Maintain and develop data dictionaries and documentation of deliverables. Actively participate in data quality related tasks.
Identify patterns and trends in data sets.
Provide recommendations and interpretations of data and information.
Assist with application used for workflow and cross sales program.

Desired Skills and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in a business, computer, or data science preferred. MBA a plus.
Four years of experience working in database environments designing reports and working with extracts.
Excellent analytical skills with experience managing large amounts of data from various sources.
Experience combining, analyzing and presenting data in a clear manner.
Working knowledge of SQL preferred. Experience with Oracle databases a plus.
Proficient use of Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel and SQL databases.
Exposure to core banking systems a plus.
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to interact with all levels of end users and technical resources.
Self-motivated with the ability to react to change, feedback and critique quickly and positively.
Strong attention to detail.
Open and collaborative style, comfortable working in an environment where ideas are shared and challenged.
Ability to conceptualize and implement items in a changing environment.

Fox Communities Credit Union is a $2 billion in assets community-based credit union servicing over 104,000 members at 23 locations. We take pride in being a progressive, member-owned, full service financial institution dedicated to serving the community.

Fox Communities Credit Union believes our employees are our most important asset. We offer a great team environment, competitive salary and an excellent benefit package which includes, medical, dental, vision, life, short-term and long-term disability insurance, 401k (Roth and Traditional), which includes company contributions including match, and paid time off! As part of our commitment to the communities we serve we also offer all employee’s Paid Volunteer Time Off! If you are enthusiastic about a rewarding career with a successful & growing credit union, apply now!

Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities.",3.9,"Fox Communities Credit Union
3.9","Appleton, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1953,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
72,CRA/HMDA Data Analyst,"$44k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Heritage Bank is seeking aCRA/HMDA Data Analyst at our Southern Operations Center in Tacoma, WA. TheCRA/HMDA Data Analyst assists with the Bank’s Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) program, analysis and compliance with the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) in order to effectuate successful CRA and HMDA examinations. Additionally, this position will ensure HMDA and CRA data is collected and reported in accordance with Bank and regulatory requirements and consults with various departments and business lines regarding the application of HMDA and CRA.

The successful candidate will be able to:
Perform HMDA and CRA loan data integrity reviews to ensure data accuracy and document issues and/or findings to utilize in data error correction and/or training.
Ensure timely and accurate submissions of HMDA and CRA data to independent auditors.
Ensure timely and accurate submission of mandatory annual regulatory CRA and HMDA reports.
Utilize CRA& HMDA software system to produce data analysis reports and maps of Bank’s lending performance; coordinate with various lending and loan operations departments to ensure timely and accurate completion of data collection and reporting of HMDA and CRA loans (including Community Development loans).
Provide maintenance, follow-up and support for the Bank’s CRA& HMDA data collection, tracking and reporting software systems.
Analyze the HMDA reporting and maintenance of public disclosure reports.
Understand and maintain working knowledge of, and ensure bank activities are performed in compliance with, all state and federal banking laws and regulations applicable to assigned area.
Assist with redlining data analysis and reporting.
Assist with the preparation for periodic meetings, including the preparation of meeting minutes.
Maintain current awareness of issues relating to HMDA and CRA, and assist with implementation of changes related to their implementing regulations C and BB.
Requirements:
High School diploma or equivalent– required. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Accounting, Finance or relevant course of study– preferred.
2 - 3 years’ recent experience in a compliance and/or relevant lending role, which includes working knowledge and experience with fair lending, mortgage and consumer protection laws and regulations, including ECOA, HMDA, CRA, and composite Fair Lending guidance and standards–required.
Equivalent combination of education, training and/or relevant work experience may be considered.
Provide an exceptional level of quality service for internal/external customers; responds to customers' needs, questions and concerns in an accurate, effective, and timely manner.
Excellent listening, verbal, written and telephone etiquette business communication skills, with the ability to communicate outstanding/follow up issues over the phone, in person and via email; with the ability to read, write, speak and understand English well.
Strong organizational, time management, data review and processing skills; with the ability to manage multiple assignments, ensuring that priorities are set, with the ability to meet multiple and sometimes competing deadlines.
Demonstrated problem-solving skills with excellent attention to detail and a strong focus on accuracy.
Basic math / accounting skills to balance accounts and locate routine and non-routine mathematical errors.
Working knowledge of related state and federal banking compliance regulations, and Bank accounting policies and procedures, including CRA and HMDA.
Knowledge of commercial and/or small business, consumer lending, loan documentation, loan servicing and credit underwriting requirements.
Unquestionable integrity in handling sensitive and confidential information required.
Proficient and advanced use and understanding MS Office products (Word, Excel, Outlook), and the Bank’s core processing system, with the ability to adapt to new products and technologies quickly. i.e., CRA/HMDA data monitoring systems.
Work Environment/Conditions:
Climate controlled office environment.
Work involves being able to concentrate on the matter at hand, under sometimes distracting work conditions, and frequent employee and customer contacts and interruptions during the day.
Work requires regular attendance, punctuality and adherence to agreed-upon schedule with willingness to work a flexible, remote and/or rotating schedule or extended hours, as needed.
Physical Demands/Effort:
Work may involve the constant use of computer screens, reading of reports, and sitting throughout the day.
Ability to operate a computer keyboard, multi-line telephone, photocopier, scanner and facsimile which often requires dexterity of hands and fingers with repetitive wrist and hand motion.
Typically sitting at a desk or table; intermittently standing, stooping, bending at the waist, kneeling or crouching to file materials.
Occasional lifting 5 to 10 lbs. (files, boxes, handouts).
Travel Time: Occasional travel up to 10% to branch and department locations, which may include overnight travel availability when needed; valid driver’s license, proof of insurance, and access to reliable transportation; or the ability to access and utilize an alternative method of transportation, when needed, to carry out job-related essential functions.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed and are not an exclusive list of all qualifications for this position.

Heritage Bank is an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by applicable law.

Job applicants have certain legal rights. Please click here for information regarding these rights.

If you need assistance completing the online application, please email: HBRecruiting@HeritageBankNW.com

##JobCategory:Compliance / Audit##

##Street:3615 Pacific Avenue##

##City:Tacoma##

##State:WA##

##ZipCode:98418##

##Internal:false##",3.4,"Heritage Bank
3.4","Tacoma, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1927,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
73,Contract Data Analyst,"$54k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Amyx is seeking to hire a Contract Data Analyst located in Rosslyn, VA. The successful candidate must have A 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree with a major in any field, that includes or is supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization. Also, a minimum of 2 years of experience serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst

Responsibilities:

Responsibilities and Skills:

Knowledge of WAWF eBusiness processes.
Knowledge of the federal acquisition process.
Knowledge of contracting principles, laws regulation and procedures.
Knowledge of methods and techniques of fact-finding, analysis, and resolution of complex problems, and the ability to develop concrete action plans to solve problems.
Knowledge and Experience of the WAWF eBusienss Suite, to include: iRAPT, EDA, IUID, CDR, MyInvoice, and Contract Closeout.
Good verbal, analytical and written communication skills.
Good organizational skills in tracking data and actions.
Knowledge and Experience writing professional documents.
Knowledge and Experience in Customer Service.
Skilled in Business Intelligence Reporting.
Proficient in the use of the Microsoft suite of applications including Word, SharePoint, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Project as well as with Adobe Acrobat.

Supported Technologies:
Integrative Acquisition Environment
DOD acquisition system

Qualifications:

Required Skills and Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree and preferred majors are accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization.
2 years of experience required in serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:
Knowledge of Federal and DOD acquisition procedures

Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.
Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.
Physical Demands
Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.",4.0,"Amyx, Inc.
4.0","Arlington, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
74,Data Warehouse Technical Analyst,"$45k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","IMT Insurance is hiring a Data Warehouse Technical Analyst in our Research and Development department to design, maintain, and provide support for data warehouse systems and other related data marts. This individual will also implement and enforce standards and procedures to ensure data is managed consistently and properly integrated within the warehouse. If you have strong time management and excellent communication skills, this position is for you!

A DAY IN THE LIFE:

Responsible for data warehouse design and configuration.
Ensures the accuracy and quality of warehouse data.
Map data between source systems, data warehouses, and data marts.
Develop data warehouse process models, including sourcing, loading, transformation, and extraction.
Defines user requirements and database design specifications.
Develop diagrams or flow charts of system operation.
Acts as a liaison between users, developers, DBAs and network administrators on data warehouse issues.
Interface with DBAs and security team on security and data masking needs.
Provides technical support and coordination during warehouse design, testing and movement to production.
Develop procedures for data management.
Responsible for coding and documenting procedures, and programming, testing and debugging data warehouses.

WHAT YOU’LL NEED:

Actively listens with strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to effectively manage multiple projects at once and prioritize
Maintain technical expertise and knowledge of current trends and techniques
Experienced with cloud-based solutions
Experienced with a programming or scripting language
Data base user interface and query software including SQL
Experienced with database infrastructure
Must possess the ability to work well with others
A college degree or equivalent needed to perform normal functions plus 5+ years of experience needed to perform the essential functions of the job.

Are you still wondering, ‘Why IMT?’ Well let me tell you more. We’ve been named a top workplace for seven years in a row because of the great people who work here. We also pride ourselves in being a family-orientated company, living true to the work/life balance lifestyle. Our employees benefit from a fun, but professional environment taking part in activities and events throughout the year that provides the perfect blend of social opportunities, personal and career development, and community involvement.

If want to learn more, I suggest you apply today!",4.4,"IMT Insurance
4.4","West Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1884,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
75,SAP Data Analyst,"$70k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Description:
The SAP Data Analyst is responsible for analyzing data and the ERP architecture to support business intelligence. In collaboration with subject matter experts and data stewards, defines and implements data strategy, policies and controls to ensure enterprise data is accurate, complete, secure and reliable. The SAP Data Analyst will oversee data structures, design the ERP reporting strategy and provide system training. The SAP Data Analyst will ensure master data integrity in key systems as well as maintaining the process to support the data quality. The analyst must be proficient with SAP reporting tools and willing to keep up with industry trends for continuous improvement.

Position Requirements:
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Define reporting requirements and analyze data for business intelligence and systems integration.
• Establish enterprise master data requirements and troubleshoot issues with cross-functional teams.
• Consults with users to develop an understanding of business needs and support those needs using application and tools.
• Manage production support activities for all user requests using Exelixis’ ticketing system.
• Utilizes Exelixis IT department policies, methodologies, standards and guidelines with regard to systems development and/or software package selection.
• Manages business and technical subject matter experts to implement and maintain systems.
• Conducts research and analysis into the nature, effect and results of system problems.
• Maintain current and create new system documentation as needed; coordinates with Finance Systems Analyst to perform testing of system modifications.
• Develops or coordinates system training including educational tools and materials.
• Maintains regulated systems and audit IT general controls for compliance (SOX, 21 CFR Part 11).
• Generates and maintains computer system’s validation documentation, if required.
• Project management of system upgrades and implementations.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• None

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Education:
• BS/BA degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and seven years of related experience;
• MA/MS degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and five years of related experience;
• Equivalent combination of education ad SAP reporting experience in an active support role.

Experience:
• Financial background is strongly encouraged as this position will need to have a good understanding of financial concepts and reporting requirements.
• Seven years working experience with SAP Analytics Cloud and SAP BW. Experience in report design and analyzing data structures is required.
• S/4 HANA, SAP Analytics for Office and other add-in reporting experience, such as Tableau, is strongly desired.
• Experience authoring and/or executing functional specification documents.
• Experience participating in audits for GxP or SOX compliance preferred
• Experience with GxP Validated Computer Systems is preferred.
• Experience in drug discovery, pharmaceutical or related industry is preferred.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
• Applies solid analytical and business communication skills.
• Strong financial reporting background and knowledge of other related disciplines.
• Identifies and implements methods and procedures to achieve results.
• Ability to lead the work of other by providing guidance to teams based on organizational goals and company policy, with responsibility for results, including costs and methods.
• Complete understanding and wide application of technical principles (SDLC), theories, concepts and techniques.
• Performs a variety of complicated tasks with a wide degree of creativity and latitude.

JOB COMPLEXITY:
• Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors.
• Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation of criteria for obtaining results.
• Uses professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a wide range of difficult problems in imaginative and practical ways.
• Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.

DISCLAIMER
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.",3.2,"Exelixis
3.2","Alameda, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
76,Data Analyst,"$48k-$55k
(Employer Est.)","EMPLOYMENT VALUE PROPOSITION: Mental Health Center of Denver provides you with the support you need to help you develop a career in helping others succeed. We innovate, adapt, and leverage the diverse perspectives of the people on our team and the people we serve in everything we do.

Learn what it is like to work at the Mental Health Center of Denver:


STARTING SALARY: $48,006.40 - $55,016.00

Position Summary: Utilizes clinical services and operational data to assess outcomes and effectiveness associated with MHCD's service programs and operational processes. Collects data to answer evaluation and research questions that may arise from program requirements, management and/or staff. Develops summative and formative analytics and evaluation reports for delivery to staff, management, and external stakeholders. Position will primarily be assigned to our criminal justice programs, specifically a court/jail diversion program.

Essential job functions
Collects and prepares data for reporting as required under the research or evaluation plan using SQL and Excel.
Performs individual and group interviews with persons we serve, staff, and stakeholders.
Conducts analyses using SQL, Excel, and R
Prepares and submits analytic, research, and/or evaluation reports as needed
Develops presentations and documents
Writes sections of grants, papers, and other research materials
Interacts with managers and staff to review and edit reports as needed
Other duties as assigned.
Education: Minimum of bachelor's degree in statistics, social or behavioral research, or another related field.

Experience: Minimum of one-year experience with statistical analyses, data collection and processing, and\or program evaluation within a healthcare environment.

Skills and Competencies:
Proficiency with evaluation and research methods
Proficiency with T-SQL and R.
Proficiency with basic statistical techniques and data wrangling methods
Ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences.
Commitment to high quality research and analyses.
Ability to organize and prioritize work, handle multiple assignments, and meet deadlines in an agile development environment.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: No direct supervision of staff.

MACHINES AND EQUIPMENT TO BE USED: PC Computer, MS Office software, MS SQL Server Management Studio, Tableau, R

TYPICAL PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Requires sitting, standing, bending and reaching. May require lifting up to 50 pounds. Requires manual dexterity sufficient to operate standard office machines such as computers, fax machines, the telephone and other office and/or clinical equipment.

TYPICAL MENTAL DEMANDS: Ability to give, receive, and analyze information, formulate work plans, prepare written materials, and articulate goals and action plans. Must understand people from all walks of life and be able to communicate effectively with them.

WORKING CONDITIONS: May require occasional evening or weekend hours.",4.0,"Mental Health Center of Denver
4.0","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
77,Business Analyst - Digital Data and Analytics Virtual Hiring Event,-1,"Kforce Hiring Event!

Event Details
Date: Tuesday, October 13, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Internal Audit

Director of Financial Planning & Analysis

IT Manager

Senior Financial Analyst

Accounting Manager

Accounts Payable Specialist

Tableau Consultant

Senior Internal Auditor

Payroll Manager

VP of Finance

Human Resource Generalist

Staff Accountant

API Architect

Application Systems Analyst

Mortgage Processor

Business Analyst - Digital Data and Analytics

Active Directory Engineer

Lead Developer

Intake Details:

What to bring to this event

Resume

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Business casual (dress pants/skirt, button down/blouse, optional tie).

About Kforce

Choosing a career is one of the hardest decisions you make in your life. And we are here to help. We’re here to understand you. Your goals. Your unique skills. Your purpose.

As a professional staffing and solutions firm, we specialize in building and managing Technology and Finance & Accounting teams across top employers nationwide. It’s our mission to help you achieve success by maintaining strong, lasting relationships.

We value your input. And because you tell us how to be better, we’ve earned the best reputation among our peers. We're honored to have top Glassdoor ratings, world-class Net Promoter® Scores (NPS) from both clients and consultants and top brand recognition among IT consultants.

As a Best of Staffing® Award winner for the last 5 years, our 2,000 career experts take pride in matching talented professionals with our world-class clients. We have relationships with cutting-edge companies, and they need experts like you.

Ready to take the next step in your career? Count on us to be your champion.

We Love What We Do. We Love Who We Serve.®

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

Kforce has a client in search of a Business Analyst - Digital Data Analytics in Benton Harbor, MI. Overview: You are able to lead technical digital data projects autonomously and unlock the value of data. You have a proven track record of establishing Data Engineering processes at previous companies and care deeply about using data to solve business problems. Duties:

Conceive, lead, and execute projects to manage an exceptional data access solution, supporting user requests from various stakeholder groups
Work with a wide range of business partners, particularly in GIS and product management, to develop innovative analytics solutions that address top outcomes, including feature development/enhancement, system health monitoring, testing, and troubleshooting
Building strong relationships with stakeholders and mentoring junior team members

Requirements

Bachelor's degree required
2 years of experience required
Experience working with web analytics and digital media performance data
Experience with or exposed to Google Analytics, Adobe DTM, Adobe Launch, data warehouse, data-lake or data virtualization solutions
Knowledgeable about data analysis/visualization tools such as Tableau
Knowledge and understanding of data governance challenges and best practices for website analytics tagging, metadata, data quality, and data stewardship
Know about data profiling or defining data quality rules - especially digital data collected digitally using Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Google Ads, etc.
Experience writing/editing internal communications or training-related materials in a corporate environment
Skilled in interpreting business measurement/reporting needs; Coordinate multiple stakeholder requests and project activities at any one time to ensure accurate, timely, and efficient reporting and analysis deliverables
Business analyst - able to synthesize data and draw insights; Able to present insights directly to business stakeholders
Understanding of digital data - like website analytics data and media analytics data

Preferred:

Experience working with multiple data sources - web data, SAP/HANA, CRM, etc.
Has experience combining different data sources into one report - either directly or leveraging a data team

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Know someone perfect for this role? Recommend your friends and make money when they're hired using our app, KFORCEconnect. The more you refer, the more you earn! Download the app today to Connect. Refer. Get Paid.

Kforce is a solutions firm that builds and manages expert teams in technology and finance & accounting. We deliver on our client's objectives by combining a global knowledge force with flexible delivery and an unmatched drive for excellence. Kforce not only serves as a trusted partner to our customers, providing next level insights and powerful results, but also offers many consultants comprehensive benefits including medical, dental, 401(K), life insurance and disability.",4.1,"Kforce
4.1","Grand Rapids, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1966,Company - Public,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
78,Temporary Marketing Data Analyst,"$69k-$119k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description Summary:

The firmwide marketing technology/CRM team has a temporary opening for a Marketing Data Analyst (approximately 4-5 months) who will help us execute on firm reporting requests received through marketing and business development team members. This position can be based in any of our offices.

Job Description:
Create standard and advanced custom report types for cross object reporting in Salesforce.
Create custom, complex, cross-object and cross-platform reports and dashboards using Salesforce, Marketo, Apsona, Power BI and internal data sources. Develop and fine tune reports to yield meaningful results based on changing business needs.
Build reports from scratch using data from different systems and build templates for end users to self-serve. Determine best data source, set up reports and validate results. Work with business development partners to build meaningful dashboards.
Report on complex client relationships with multiple parties of interest in a non-traditional, non-linear sales environment where the relationship is the ‘sale’.
Build custom curated, segmented email distribution lists in Marketo. Work with business development partners to fine tune. Set up campaign workflows. Report campaign results by account, contact and campaign.
Participate in data governance and hygiene programs and projects.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:

Current hands-on experience developing reports in Salesforce and Marketo strongly preferred, minimum of 2-3 years. Experience with other platforms, in addition to SFDC/Mkto, highly desired.
Experience combining multiple data sources and developing reports independently.
Experience with data import/export using data loader.
Experience solving for marketing automation/CRM/relationship intelligence data integration challenges related to data gathering for reports.
Strong Excel, data validation and critical thinking skills.
Strong presentation and training skills and ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to a variety of audiences.
Strong project management and organizational skills and ability to work independently as an individual contributor and a team member.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, concierge service environment.
Law firm and other professional services industry experience highly preferred.",4.1,"Fenwick & West
4.1","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1972,Company - Private,Legal,Accounting & Legal,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
79,Clinical Data Analyst,"$37k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Clinical Data Analyst - Indpls Infectious Disease Care - Full-Time,Day - Infectious Disease of Indiana - Carmel,IN

Work Schedule: 8am to 5pm Sunday through Saturday. Must be free to cover occasional weekends.

Why Join Ascension?
In Indiana, St. Vincent operates 24 hospitals in addition to a comprehensive network of affiliated joint ventures, medical practices, and clinics. St. Vincent's more than 15,000 associates and 3,000 providers offer expertise in a wide range of services including acute/long-term acute care, bariatrics, cancer care, cardiovascular services, emergency/trauma services, neuroscience, orthopedics, pediatric services, primary care, urgent/immediate care, women's health and more. St. Vincent has been serving central and southern Indiana for 145 years.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As a Clinical Data Analyst Associate with St. Vincent Health-IN, you will have the opportunity to collect and analyze clinical data from multiple sources for the development of reports and statistical information.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports.
Formulates, defines and recommends scope and format of reports.
Oversees provision of ad hoc management reports.
Reviews information for accuracy and reconciles data on a regular basis.
What You Will Need

Licenses/Certifications/Registration:
Preferred Credential(s):
Minimum Qualification: None Required
Education:
Diploma
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Work Experience:
None required.
Equal Employment Opportunity
St.Vincent is an EEO/AA Employer M/F/Disability/Vet. Please click the link below for more information.
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify links below for more information.

eVerify

Right to Work",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Carmel, IN",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
80,Data Science Support Analyst,"$72k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Science Support Analyst to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Support Analyst will partner with the Data Scientists to: support production deployment of models and web applications related to technologies developed by the Data Science team; participates in new development of web applications and restful api’s; gain exposure to production machine learning model pipelines and the design and creation of new models using statistical techniques.

Responsibilities:
Continually check metrics and validate models, compute model performance metrics.
Access, analyze, cleanse, pre-process data.
Retrieve data from multiple stores CSV/Teradata/Oracle/API/.
Train new models per specifications from Data Scientist.
Deploy new models and determine when to replace existing.
Configure Linux server web sites and update code base as needed.
Monitor web application performance and fix issues accordingly.
Configure SQLite/SQL/Mongo databases and stored queries, updating as needed.
Participate in meetings and offer ideas and solutions to present problems.
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Python (numpy/pandas/matplotlib/sklearn/flask)
Version control (git)
SQL and database APIs (cx_oracle, pymysql, sqlalchemy)
Cloud deployment experience (AWS, containerization) and familiarity with AWS services
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment
Machine Learning algorithm development experience.
Ability to learn new technologies rapidly and turn around implementations.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) with ability to effectively communicate to all levels with varying degrees of technical knowledge
Critical thinking Independent problem resolution
Ability to work in a team and collaborate with others
Bachelor's Degree (Data Science, Analytics, Business, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or related field)
2-4 years experience (candidates with a relevant Masters degree and less experience will also be considered).",3.8,"JM&A Group
3.8","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
81,Sales Ops Data Analyst,"$54k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","TriNet is a leading provider of comprehensive human resources solutions for small to midsize businesses (SMBs). We enhance business productivity by enabling our clients to outsource their HR function to one strategic partner and allowing them to focus on operating and growing their core businesses. Our full-service HR solutions include features such as payroll processing, human capital consulting, employment law compliance and employee benefits, including health insurance, retirement plans and workers’ compensation insurance.

TriNet has a nationwide presence and an experienced executive team. Our stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TNET. If you’re passionate about innovation and making an impact on the large SMB market, come join us as we power our clients’ business success with extraordinary HR.

JOB SUMMARY/OVERVIEW

The Sales Ops Data Analyst is responsible and accountable for sales data enrichment, data analysis and related recommendations to influence business decisions, reporting and managing the dedupe data application. This role is responsible for ensuring data integrity of Salesforce and managing ongoing data needs, such as data entry, uploads, cleanup, evaluation, validation. In addition, this role is responsible for providing recommendations for continuous process improvement and leading implementation/adoption of new practices, as applicable.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES

• Identify data process inefficiencies, develop and implement solutions and track progress continuously to improve data quality
• Provide reporting coupled with suggested actions to leaders whose teams provide master data inputs, to reduce data quality issues, non-value record maintenance, and process deviation.
• Understand end to end business processes, flow of data within and between processes and recommend process improvements for better territory planning and forecasting process.
• Develops technical and functional specifications based on business requirements and
analysis of relevant workflows.
• Identify and manage data cleanup projects to improve data accuracy, lead relevant resources to desired project outcome
• Oversee ongoing data hygiene efforts and appends of prospect records
• Identifies issues in data quality that would impact reporting (i.e. duplicate records, missing data, etc.) and influence business decisions
• Develop and implement a periodic review, inclusive of robust reporting, of all master data to ensure data is current and accurate across business functions, conforms to business rules, and meets data quality standards
• Responsible for investigating industry information for accurate sales territory assignment. Provides recommendations to leadership to optimize territory assignment and related business results
• Provides expertise and resolution to questions from the Sales Teams related to data management and rules of engagement
• Build data quality executive dashboards and reports to track and monitor data accuracy for use by executive leadership with CRM
• Provides a pivotal role in the research for data mining, analytic and data quality assurance tools
• Responsible for resolving escalations that require in-depth research and judgement
• Perform data analysis in Salesforce using CRMFusion Demand Tool and other data deduplication applications in production and sandbox environment
• Partners with sales strategy and leadership to define the company’s Go-To-Market (GTM) strategy and provides downstream impact analysis and recommendations to existing operations
• Work with cross-functional team to clarify business process and data needs on process-related IT projects, as well as supporting and executing end-to-end UAT
• Respond to ad hoc data analysis requests and provide technical assistance
• Complies with all data best practices, rules of engagement and data protocols
• Other projects and responsibilities may be added at the manager’s discretion

JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS

Education:
• Bachelor’s degree required
• 3+ years of Salesforce experience
• Previous experience working with PRM applications
• Previous experience with Analytical tools including MS Excel and Tableau
• Data cleanup skills required

Experience:
• 3+ years of experience in sales operations or sales support role
• Experience with deduping application tools
• Ability to work well with a variety of disciplines while remaining effective in a high-volume, tight-deadline driven environment with seasonally affected workloads
• Flexibility and adaptability to changing business needs
• Strong analytical skills and ability to generate sound business recommendations based on data
• Proficient in MS Office Suite
• Collaborative team player and project leader who is detailed oriented, focused on solution quality and execution
Other Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Ability to communicate with employees at all levels of the organization
• Strong knowledge and understanding of both state and federal employment laws
• Excellent interpersonal skills
• Excellent presentation and facilitation skills
• Strong influential skills
• Excellent project leadership abilities
• A demonstrated commitment to high professional ethical standards and a diverse workplace
• Ability to adapt to a fast paced continually changing business and work environment while managing multiple priorities

WORK ENVIRONMENT/OTHER INFORMATION (Travel required, physical requirements, on-call schedules, etc.)
• Minimal travel required
• Work in clean, pleasant, and comfortable office setting
• The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Please Note: TriNet reserves the right to change or modify job duties and assignments at any time. The above job description is not all encompassing. Position functions and qualifications may vary depending on business necessity.

TriNet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants based on race, religion, color, disability, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), age, veteran status or other legally protected characteristics. Any applicant with a mental or physical disability who requires an accommodation during the application process should contact recruiting@trinet.com to request such an accommodation.

LI-RG1",3.3,"TriNet
3.3","Fort Mill, SC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
82,Data Warehouse Analyst III,"$85k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Posted: 9/14/2020

Job Status: Full Time

Job Reference #: f919583b-e6c4-4b15-9cd8-6fffba6ba4e5
Job Description
Rethink what’s possible with SwitchThink! SwitchThink Solutions is an IT Services CUSO from Desert Financial.
As a collaborative partner for innovation, SwitchThink Solutions offers technology solutions that help credit unions achieve their transformational goals. Our knowledgeable development, infrastructure, and IT operations experts work hand-in-hand with our clients to maximize the benefits of their technology and speed their results.

Who you are:
A hardworking analyst with a flair for consulting with and supporting client with their enterprise reporting, data integration, and data analytic needs, including the development of dashboards. You are motivated by the opportunity to work closely with clients to analyze and interpret data in support of identifying market and business trends, conduct root cause analyses of business problems and provide strategic suggestions for improvement. You are a proactive thinker that is focused on identifying services and solutions that can enhance the offering we present to clients.

A typical week might include the following:
Consulting with clients to understand their unique business problems, then with the utilization data recommending solutions that will ultimately assist in solving the business problem by defining data/reporting requirements and goals.

Designing and developing solutions that enable clients to make decisions based on data utilizing dashboards and self-service analytical reports

Providing support with troubleshooting and resolving reporting, data warehouse and ETL related issues

Assisting in establishing best-practices and development of content that improve the efficiency and adoption of the data platform in ways that support strategic initiatives and drive business results.

Planning for future state of the environment to increase functionality, improve efficiencies, support refresh cycles, and/or reduce operational costs

Performing other job-related duties as assigned.

This role might be right for you if you have:
A Bachelor's Degree in computer science, math or related field

8 years experience in business intelligence role

Strong understanding of relational database structures, theories, principals, and practices

Experience working with Talend or similar ETL tools

Visa Sponsorship:
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas, i.e. H-1B or TN Visas.

Bonus Points:
5 years of experience in a quantitative/analysis/reporting role within the Financial Services industry

5 years building dashboards and reports in Power BI or similar platform

Experience working in a DB2 environment

Experience working with Python or another scripting language

About Us
We are considered leaders in the local credit union space, and we are growing like crazy. We’ve got a culture focused on smarts, kindness, continuous learning...and our people love it. A full 93% of our employees would recommend us to their friends. Come find out why! Learn more at jobs.desertfinancial.com.

We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

#IND456",3.1,"Desert Financial Credit Union
3.1","Phoenix, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1939,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
83,Senior Data Analyst,"$43k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Company Overview:

Guided by a mission to help, ABILITY, an Inovalon company, is a leading information technology company helping healthcare providers and payers simplify administrative and clinical complexity by enabling data-driven improvements in healthcare.

Through specialized, easy-to-use applications and data analytics that work together, customers of all types and sizes across the continuum of care – rely on ABILITY to help optimize reimbursement, care quality and staffing.

Our employee philosophy is simple: We hire smart, talented people and trust them to do their thing. As part of ABILITY, you’ll grow with a company that wants you to succeed. To support you, we provide the teams, the latitude, the support and the culture so you can try new things, broaden your experience, and grow and succeed with us. Join our team and help make ABILITY a great place to do great work.

Job Purpose:

There are two primary outcomes of this Senior Data Analyst role. The first outcome is to provide analysis and reporting to leadership to drive the business forward. The second outcome is to keep our systems and data warehouse efficient and accurate through writing efficient SQL code, designing automated reporting, and providing recommendations to committees for further process/workflow automation. This role will be interacting with all departments and job roles, from the bottom of the org chart up to the President of ABILITY and will require strong communication and technical skills.

Responsibilities


Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Developer of ad-hoc, automated, and recurring reporting enterprise wide (Executive Team, Finance, Marketing, Sales, Sales Operations, Customer Operations, IT, Development, Product Management)
Develop and maintain a database and reporting structure in order to remain the primary source of data analytics and reporting within the company
Communicate your analysis and reporting in an easy to understand way through presentations, email, and with proper documentation.
Learn & maintain an in-depth knowledge of the processes relevant to data analytics that are in place for each department while identifying areas for process improvement and working to fix them
Perform month end variance analyses to understand in detail the drivers for variations in financials and various other 'ad-hoc' analyses as requested to help identify what is happening within the business
Lead, encourage, and support all analysts with reporting, insights, project review, and training in our data measures and structures
Research and implement new reporting solutions, both with internal applications and external applications in order to utilize our technology to the fullest
Maintain compliance with Inovalon’s policies, procedures and mission statement;
Adhere to all confidentiality and HIPAA requirements as outlined within Inovalon’s Operating Policies and Procedures in all ways and at all times with respect to any aspect of the data handled or services rendered in the undertaking of the position;
Fulfill those responsibilities and/or duties that may be reasonably provided by Inovalon for the purpose of achieving operational and financial success of the Company;
Uphold responsibilities relative to the separation of duties for applicable processes and procedures within your job function; and
We reserve the right to change this job description from time to time as business needs dictate and will provide notice of such.
Qualifications
BA/BS in Finance, Accounting or related Data Analysis field
Minimum 5 years of related experience
Expert knowledge in Microsoft Office suite including Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint
Ability to write complex SQL queries required
Experience with Tableau required
Experience with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) required
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrate ability to work effectively with others within a complex, fast paced organization required
Capability to work independently when needed, with strong “executive presence”
Merger and acquisition experience a plus


Travel: 0%",3.0,"Ability Network
3.0","Minneapolis, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
84,Marketing Data Analyst,"$70k-$100k
(Employer Est.)","Were seeking a Marketing Data Analyst with an entrepreneurial drive who loves turning data into actionable insights and empowering marketing stakeholders to better leverage and understand their data.

Initial responsibilities:
Build, maintain, and monitor a comprehensive set of metrics and KPIs to measure the marketing groups health and success.
Collaborate with specific marketing subgroups to supply them with data and analysis they need day in and day out.
Identify underlying trends in marketing data to help provide strategic recommendations for marketing subgroups.
Empowering marketing group members by helping them understand underlying data and correct ways to interpret the data.
Responsibilities that can be earned:
Use the set of marketing group metrics to spearhead data projects that will help us double down on effective efforts and scale back low/negative ROI efforts.
Uncover data behind eBooks, research reports, social campaigns, and more - for every project underway, make sure theres accompanying data.
Requirements:
3-5 years in an analytic role, SaaS business model is a plus.
Marketing analyst / business analyst experience preferred.
High level of comfort with SQL strongly preferred.
Experience working with SaaS metrics, retention and LTV modeling, and attribution-based measurement a plus.
Strong analytical skills, data sensibility, and an able communicator.
California Job Applicant Privacy Notice

Thank you for your interest in opportunities at SimplePractice LLC (“SimplePractice” or “us” or “we” or “our”). Please note that when you submit your resume or application materials to us for employment purposes, we may collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, email address, and phone number); protected characteristics (e.g., sex, gender, age, citizenship, disability status, and veteran status); professional or employment-related information (e.g., employment history, educational background, certificates and licenses, work eligibility information and other information obtained from your resume, cover letter, your responses to our application questions, background check forms, and your references); other personal records (e.g., signature, photograph, and criminal background information); and inferences drawn from personal information collected (e.g., creating a profile that reflects your abilities and aptitudes).
We collect the above categories of personal information for the following business purposes:
To perform recruitment and hiring services; to manage the workforce; to comply with federal and state laws, and to maintain security (e.g., to detect and prevent against security risks and incidents, to prevent against fraudulent or illegal activity, and to ensure compliance with our company policies and procedures).
For more information about our privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Policy or contact us at privacy@simplepractice.com

Powered by JazzHR",4.6,"Ability Network
3.0","Santa Monica, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
85,Data Analyst,"$47k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Nolij Consulting LLC is a certified Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) that provides information technology services in test and evaluation (T&E), enterprise architecture (EA), electronic health record (EHR) modernization, infrastructure operations and maintenance (O&M), data analytics and visualization, and agile transformation. Our mission is to understand the challenges and goals of our clients, address them with innovative solutions, and work together to achieve project success. Were eager to hear from candidates like you that can join and contribute to our team.

Nolij Consulting has an opening for a Data Analyst to join our team based in Falls Church

Requirements:
Must have good interpersonal and communication skills both verbal and written.
Must have strong time management and organizational skills, attention to detail and ability to multitask.
Must have a good understanding of data structure and management.
Must be organized, self-motivated, and self-directed.
Note: Since this position is for a Federal Project, a candidate must possess US Citizenship to obtain Clearance.
Desired Skills:
A fair understanding of SQL, Python and R is a plus.
Experience in developing Pivot Tables/Charts as well as complicated formula is desirable.
BI Dashboards
QLIK OR Tableau
Excel:
V lookup
Data Validation
Data Clean up
Education:
Must have a bachelors degree (in a similar discipline preferred) in any related field.
Do you like the idea of being a driver on a team of distinction? If so, we want to hear from you. To apply, go tohttps://www.nolijconsulting.com/careers/

Nolij is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer and encourages all qualified applicants to apply.",4.1,"Nolij Consulting
4.1","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
86,Data Analyst,"$53k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Nexon, a world leader in online games, is building a workplace based on mutual respect, good humor, and the pursuit of excellence because we believe that great games can only be built by amazing people. Our vision is to create high quality, innovative online games that create unforgettable experiences for players around the world.

Nexon has an ever-expanding worldwide team of over 6,000 employees and boasts a diverse global portfolio that includes titles like MapleStory, Dungeon Fighter Online, KartRider and many more. If you want to be part of building an exciting game company and help chart the course of online gaming, let's talk!

Job Description

The Data Analyst is responsible for providing in-depth data mining and data analyses to multiple departments, with a focus on understanding our customers and identifying ways to improve the user experience within our games.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
Identify, design, prioritize and develop data analyses to create unique business insights; perform detailed data exploration and validation to understand customers
Identify key analytic metrics; build reports and present key insights to ensure that data drives actions to improve the business; examine and analyze available information to determine patterns and gaps at a strategic level and recommend a course of action to support internal and external users
Research and analyze web and game usage data and recommend solutions; analyze user experience and business processes in order to identify opportunities for improvement
Document business needs, prioritize requested functionality, and validate requirements against strategic goals and project objectives
Provide reporting and performance monitoring by using data drawn from diverse sources
Other duties as assigned
Type of Decisions made by this position?
Analyze game data and make recommendations for improvement
Prioritize data requests
Documentation of the department's business needs
Work Experience
3+ years of experience in data analytics or a related field
2+ years of experience with analytics software such as Google Analytics
2+ years' experience with Marketing Intelligence Platforms such as Singular
Experience with data extraction and manipulation tools and Data Mining tools
Online gaming experience preferred
Education, Professional Training, Technical Training or Certification
Master's Degree preferred or Bachelor's degree with equivalent experience
Knowledge/Skills
Excellent knowledge of statistical analysis
Ability to extract data by writing your own SQL queries
Experience using Tableau or similar BI tools
Programming for data analysis (R or Python) preferred
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Able to manage shifting priorities in a fast-paced environment
Exceptional Excel and PowerPoint skills
Excellent time and project management skills
Management has the right to add or change duties and job requirements at any time.

Nexon's benefits and perks:

We offer medical, dental and vision plans for you, your spouse or domestic partner, and your children. Employees who enroll in the high deductible health plan receive an annual employer contribution to a health savings account and company paid hospital indemnity benefits. We also provide company-paid life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability benefits as well as access to voluntary life and AD&D for yourself and your dependents, flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) savings plan with a company match, and pet insurance. Nexies are encouraged to take advantage of our monthly wellness credit, participate in lunchtime yoga, and enroll in language classes. We host bi-monthly catered lunches, monthly happy hours, and maintain a well-stocked snack bar. To help you maintain a good work-life balance, we offer paid time off, sick days, company holidays, and a year-end break.

Nexon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

]]>",2.6,"Nexon America Inc
2.6","El Segundo, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$10+ billion (USD),-1
87,Data Standard Analyst - Biostatistics Team,"$34k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview :

Medpace is a full-service clinical contract research organization (CRO). We provide Phase I-IV clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Our mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through its scientific and disciplined approach. We leverage local regulatory and therapeutic expertise across all major areas including oncology, cardiology, metabolic disease, endocrinology, central nervous system, anti-viral and anti-infective. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, employing approximately 3,500 people across almost 40 countries.

Job Summary:

Our corporate activities are growing rapidly, and we are currently seeking a full-time, office-based Data Standard Analyst to join our Biostatistics team. This position will work on a team to accomplish tasks and projects that are instrumental to the company’s success. If you want an exciting career where you use your previous expertise and can develop and grow your career even further, then this is the opportunity for you.

Responsibilities :
Create annotated CRFs per CDISC SDTM standard and mapping specifications for study level data collection source data to CDISC SDTM;
Implement data standard and create SDTM data;
Perform validation of CDISC SDTM data in accordance with SOPs and guidance documents; and
Ensure SDTM data conforms to the data standards expected by regulatory agencies.
Qualifications :
Bachelor's Degree in Math, Statistics, Life Sciences, or equivalent; and
SAS knowledge preferred.

TRAVEL: None

Why Medpace?:

When you join Medpace, you become part of a team dedicated to supporting the development of ground-breaking drugs and devices. Our employees provide hope for those living with debilitating diseases. We invite you to be a part of something that is impacting millions of people around the globe while enjoying a competitive total compensation and benefits package and internal growth opportunities.

Awards:

Medpace historically named a Top Cincinnati Workplace by the Cincinnati Enquirer
Medpace ranks amongst top CROs for site ratings across all 10 important attributes including CRA training, preparation & organization, accessibility of staff, open communication, and ensuring timely drug availability
Continually recognized with CRO Leadership Awards from Life Science Leader magazine based on expertise, quality, capabilities, reliability, and compatibility

What to Expect Next:

A member of our recruitment team will review your qualifications and, if interested, you will be contacted for an interview.

EO/AA Employer M/F/Disability/Vets
WARNING: Please beware of phishing scams that offer opportunities with Medpace in exchange for sending money. These scammers pose as legitimate employees from actual companies. Please be advised that a Medpace employee will never ask you for a credit card, send you a check, or ask you for any type of payment as part of consideration for a role with our company. All of our careers require that you first complete an online application and go through some sort of interview process.",2.6,"Medpace, Inc.
2.6","Cincinnati, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1992,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
88,Data Analyst,"$45k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Data / Accounting Analyst

Interact with all levels of the organization to develop actionable analytics in an environment with a 4.4 Glassdoor rating

About Ellson:

Ellison Technologies is a 300+ person provider of advanced machining solutions to North American metal-cutting manufacturers and their global affiliates. As a family of companies we are committed to the survival and growth of the American manufacturing industry. Independent offices provide us a local market focus and the flexibility to advocate the needs of each of our valued customers.

Our priority is to introduce technologies that strengthen our customers’ ability to compete in the markets they serve. Whether the solution involves a stand alone machine, multi-process equipment, or an integrated manufacturing system with robotic automation, our goal remains the same; to optimize throughput and quality at the lowest per-part manufacturing cost.

“The Ellison Way principles continue to drive our company forward. The Ellison Way principle of Adaptation will ensure that Ellison will evolve to further grow market share, strengthen our relationships with our key partners Doosan and our customers. The major focus moving forward must be on the development of Ellison’s most valuable resource – its people."" - Graham Hooper (CEO)

More information please visit us at https://www.ellisontechnologies.com/about-us, or at our Glassdoor page.

Responsibilities


All though not all inclusive, we expect the following daily and weekly activities to take place.
reporting to the VP of Accounting and Finance this role will interact with all levels of the organization from Marketing, to regional presidents and sales leaders to gain a comprehensive understanding of the business needs.
Collect and analyze data from myriad sources (UCC filings, USMTO, marketing, accounting, order and revenue centers, etc.) to develop actionable insights for members of the leadership team
Develop and maintain dynamic financial forecasts utilizing business models
Responsible for ad hoc reporting request from all levels of management Create visually impactful data, with tools such as Tableau, to explain statistical results of analysis.
Coordinates and assists in the development of Excel-based Macros used for all the firm’s statistical analyses
Track and analyze business cost/expenses on a monthly/weekly basis
Use strong verbal and written communication skills to interface with internal clients.
Generate KPI reports indicating areas for business improvement
Qualifications


What do we expect the right candidate will possess?
At least 6 months of experience (this could include internship programs) collecting and analyze data from myriad sources (UCC filings, USMTO, marketing, accounting, order and revenue centers, etc.) to develop actionable insights for members of the leadership team
Experience using Tableau or similar tool
A bachelors degree in statistics, math, economics, business or accounting (note that this is not a data base administrator or IT position)
Strong Excel acumen including the development of Excel-based macros
An ability to communicate across all levels of the organization
(local candidates only please)
""Ellison Technologies is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.” ***

#ZR *PM18",4.4,"ELLISON TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
4.4","Santa Fe Springs, Los Angeles, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1955,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
89,Sr. Compliance Data Analyst,-1,"Main Objective: The Compliance Data Analyst Sr (DA) Specialist will be responsible for the administration of the Risk Management & Compliance (RM&C) DA program to provide actionable insights through data and analysis to achieve business objectives.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Assists in the administration of audit tools for workpaper documentation and issues tracking.

Supports the Global Compliance Audit team to embed DA in the audit process in order to facilitate effective risk-based audit approach.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders in the development and implementation of global, regional and subsidiary continuous monitoring activities.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders and their business partners to understand business goals, objectives and challenges, and provides reliable and accurate reports, insights, and analysis to support informed decision making.

Analyzes and interprets complex data sets and communicates trends and findings to RCOs and other RM&C leaders as well as other stakeholders and business partners.

Performs analysis of structured and unstructured data to solve complex business and department problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses.

Solicits feedback from stakeholders to continuously evaluate and improve the quality of reports and dashboards.

Assists in the identification and addressing opportunities for process enhancements as well as new analytical opportunities.

Partners with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders to identify opportunities where DA can be utilized to assist the business gain insights with advance analytics tools and solutions.

Supports the development and implementation of various RM&C department initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness of the company’s global compliance program.

Delivers training to RM&C team members and other stakeholders on effectively using analytic tools and solutions.

Develops strong relationships with relevant members of the Global Information Services (GIS) department and other DA personnel from other departments to leverage expertise and foster collaboration.

Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and solutions to business partners.

Incidental Duties:

The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, and indeed additional responsibilities may be assigned, as required, by management.

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's Degree required in Business, Data Science, Data Analytics or a related field.

5 years of experience in Legal, Compliance, Risk, Internal Audit or working with IT systems related to Legal, Compliance, Risk or Internal Audit required; preferably within the healthcare/life sciences/biotech industry.

Strong knowledge and experience in advance analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources preferred.

Expertise in visualization tool e.g., Microsoft PowerBI, Tableau preferred.

Ability to communicate in an additional language preferred.

Knowledge and Skill Requirements/Specialized Courses and/or Training:

Professional written, verbal, analytical, organizational, problem solving and presentational skills.
Ability to understand and develop business process and controls.
Comfortable working in situations with no clear answer.
Ability to prioritize projects and responsibilities.
Self-starter and willingness to contribute where there is a need within the team.
Ability to adapt in a dynamic and high-growth environment.
Knowledge of laws, regulations, and industry guidance applicable to a global healthcare company.

Machine, Tools, and/or Equipment Skills:

Fully proficient use of the Microsoft Office Suite: Outlook, Visio, Excel, Word, Power Point and various and specialized software.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Naples",3.0,"Arthrex
3.0","Naples, FL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
90,Data Visualization Analyst,-1,"JOB DESCRIPTION

THE TEAM YOU WILL BE JOINING:

Highly innovative manufacturing/distribution company with revenues in excess of $5B annually
Industry leading market influencer experiencing strong growth, both organically and inorganically
Forward thinking organization committed to investing in cutting edge technology and resources to support growth

WHAT THEY OFFER YOU:

New Executive Leadership that is highly engaged offering both experience and knowledge, VERY collaborative work environment
See your impact on the business – a great opportunity to contribute at both strategic and tactical levels during a period of exciting change for the company
Dynamic employees with great morale, low turnover while offering growth opportunities
Excellent benefits and work environment

WHY THIS ROLE IS IMPORTANT:

Business leans on this person to create data visualizations in order to present to different lines of business
Act as a statistical translator for all business needs.
Be able to translate statistical data in ways that are useful for both subject matter experts as well as business stakeholders.
Use relational databases and SQL to access and manipulate data.
Strong use of PowerBI to produce an extensive variety of graphs and charts to present.

THE BACKGROUND THAT FITS:

2+ years of experience working with PowerBI (expert knowledge needed)
5 years of hands on experience in visualization, data modeling and analytics
5 years of business experience with exposure to strategy formulation and business analytics.
Proficient in Python
Strong SQL skills to pull data from database
The ability to look at data as it’s being pulled or when it is visualized and have the ability to think creatively as to what that data means",2.6,"AccruePartners
2.6","Huntersville, NC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
91,"Senior Analyst, Data Management - Transmission","$65k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About us

National Grid is hiring a Senior Analyst, Data Management for our Transmission Asset Systems & Data department in Waltham, MA.

Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes, communities, and businesses. We are there when people need us the most. We connect people to the energy they need for the lives they live. The

pace of change in society and our industry is accelerating and our expertise and track record puts us in an unparalleled position to shape the sustainable future of our industry.

To be successful we must anticipate the needs of our customers, reducing the cost of energy delivery today and pioneering the flexible energy systems of tomorrow. This requires us to deliver on our promises and always look for new opportunities to grow, both ourselves and our business.
Job Purpose

National Grid strives to make data-driven decisions regarding Transmission assets and how they are managed, maintained, and constructed. Asset Management and Data Management are key capabilities the company needs to strengthen to become world-class Transmission business. There is a gap between where we are today and where we need to be in order to deliver on key growth initiatives. Towards this we are looking for an individual who can develop and deliver these implementation plans.
Key Accountabilities

Act as an interface between Transmission Asset System Data and other organization in Wholesale Networks & Capital Delivery
• Helps turn data into information, information into analytics and help senior management drive business decisions
• Support data quality management and quality metrics capability that will enable business compliance with Data Management Standards
• Working with cross functional teams, stakeholders & partners, participates in gathering and documenting requirements to meet the needs of various projects and initiatives within the Transmission Asset System Data team
• Translate stakeholder requirements into data-oriented system specifications and collaborate with system designers to implement improvement initiatives
• Establish a catalogue of business terms, technical metadata, critical data elements, business rules, quality rules and their associations
• Understand engineering practices and processes and how these impact choices in data models and system architecture
• Develop and provide support in creating business rules, data quality rules and applies data profiling
• Provide support to business to monitor, investigate, remediate and communicate data quality issues
• Apply knowledge of end to end data flow and lineage from capture at source, to transform, to delivery and its business intent at each stage
• In-depth knowledge of Relational Database concepts and proficiency in SQL or other query language
Supervisory/Interpersonal- Experience Required

Ability to communicate to stakeholders at all levels in the organization.
Work well in a team.
Qualifications

Bachelors degree in Engineering, Information Systems, or related areas. Graduate-level degree preferred
5+ years of experience in supporting business in Business Intelligence, Data Management or Asset Management capacity
Experience working with BI tools, SQL, Tableau, Power BI, Informatica IDQ
Knowledge of data governance best practices
Leadership, coaching, persuasion, and relationship building skills
Ability to effectively interact with engineering, IT, and non-technical staff
A genuine passion for the benefits that good data management can bring to an organization
Knowledge of Agile methodology
Preference will be given to candidates who have experience with:
GIS-based data structures and tools (ex: Small World, ESRI)
Data management/profiling tools (ex: Informatica, Collibra, EB Studio)
Power engineering and Transmission system design
Business intelligence and data visualization tools (ex: Tableau, PowerBI)
More Information

This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring

and applying technical skills. Internal candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.

National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion that drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team.",3.6,"National Grid USA
3.6","Waltham, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1990,Company - Public,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
92,Data Analyst - Brand Strategy & Communications,"$37k-$65k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Ayco is an industry pioneer and preeminent leader of company-sponsored financial counseling services.

We believe companies best serve their stakeholders and the greater economy when their employees’ financial lives are clear, understood and in their own control. For nearly 50 years, we’ve aspired to deliver a more productive and engaged workforce to our clients by providing their employees a path to financial well-being through holistic and personalized services tailored for each stage of the career cycle—from entry-level to C-suite.

Training: Ayco has a best-in-class new hire training program, covering the technical and practical elements of the job. Initial new hire training includes a combination of classroom learning, practical exercises, and shadowing of existing associates. Through Ayco and Goldman Sachs University, new hires have access to classes that focus on building foundational professional and technical skills, to culture and learning focused training. We take a personal approach to talent development and foster an environment that values different perspectives, challenges thinking and maximizes the potential of our people. Our annual and ongoing feedback ensures our people and their managers have the information they need to excel in their careers.

Diversity & Inclusion: Ayco values the different perspectives and experiences our associates bring. The firm supports the Ayco Diversity Network, an employee-led initiative open to all associates that provides education and awareness on topics of interest to diverse communities. In addition, our firm wide diversity and inclusion efforts expand professional and career development opportunities through programs such as the Women’s Advisor Initiative to support our commitment to having the best talent at all levels.

Benefits & Wellness: From benefits to wellness, we aim to support your commitment to your job as well as your priorities and interests outside of work.

Career Advancement: Ayco offers coaching, mentoring and on-the-job learning that supports your growth and development.

Visit Ayco.com/careers for more information about the firm

Responsibilities


We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst to join the Brand Strategy and Communications group in Cohoes, NY. This role sits at the intersection of marketing, product, sales, and customer engagement teams, providing measurement and reporting support for cross-channel campaigns.

• Measure and analyze marketing performance of owned channels and cross-channel campaigns (e.g., Web, SEO, Paid Ads, Affiliates, Email, Social Media, etc.) and prepare regular performance reports for the Brand Strategy team and senior management• Work with the website product owner on design of site experiments, implementing and testing personalization opportunities and A/B testing• Continually assess and audit web analytics effectiveness, funnel optimizations and ensure data is accurate • Work with team leads across marketing, engagement and sales on key growth metrics and reporting framework and lead the build of cross-channel dashboards through use of data visualization tools • Be an analytics lead to identify improvements to reporting procedures or advise on technology gaps• Support the implementation of additional analytics toolsets (e.g., Qlikview, Content Square, Tableau, etc.)• Collaborate across functions – Sales Strategy, Sales, Product, and Technology- to discover new sources of data and evangelize data-driven decision making• Mine data from existing databases and extract clear and actionable insights • Work with the Brand Strategy team to develop strong content around extracted data insights that support Ayco’s business goals • Work with the Brand Strategy team to develop, analyze and report on bespoke research studies with internal and external audiences• Work with the Lead management team to develop processes to automate the ingestion, cleaning and categorization of leads• Create reports and dashboards that track leads across the Marketing and Sales funnel, clearly tracking lead stages, lead velocity, lead conversions, revenues • Deliver on ad-hoc data requests, queries, reports and analysis as required

Preferred technology experience: • R / Python / SQL / Alteryx• Tableau / Qlikview• Adobe Analytics / Google Analytics• Adobe Campaign (reports) / Marketo / Pardot• Adobe Dynamic Tag Manager / Google Tag Manager• Adobe Target or other site personalization/recommendation tool• Salesforce / other CRM platforms

Qualifications


• Minimum 2 years of professional experience in an analytics role working full-time with Marketing or Data Analytics teams• Minimum Bachelor’s degree required; Major in data science, mathematics, statistics, engineering, computer science, business analytics or related field • Hands on analytical and measurement experience of digital channels such as Web, SEO, E-mail, Affiliates, Paid Ads, Social Media • Basic understanding of the Adobe Marketing Cloud products• Knowledge of web development technologies - JavaScript, HTML, SQL is preferred• Experience with web personalization, A/B Testing, funnel conversion optimization is preferred• Creative mindset to ideate and test concepts to optimize online and offline audience experiences and maximize user engagement for each digital channel• Experience in modeling and creating compelling insights from data• Highly organized with excellent attention to detail",3.2,"Ayco, a Goldman Sachs Company
3.2","Cohoes, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1971,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
93,Data Analyst,-1,"Please do not apply through Glassdoor.
The only way you will be considered is if you follow the link at the bottom of the page and take a very short quiz.
What are we looking for?
We are looking for a technically savvy database-oriented Analyst with good people skills and the ability to pick up new business concepts and technologies.
The ideal candidate will possess:
At least 4 years of experience.
A strong to very strong working knowledge of SQL and Python.
An ability to write and troubleshoot complex SQL procedures.
The desire to understand business events through data.
An understanding of Data Warehousing and ETL techniques.
High level understanding in at least one scripting language such as Ruby, Shell, Python.
An interest in learning large data set processing with MapReduce/Hadoop/Pig/etc.
Linux skills are a plus.
Good client relations skills strongly preferred.
Who are we?
Raybeam, Inc. is a software engineering and consulting company focused on strategic consulting, business intelligence, and online/database marketing for the past fifteen years. We have offices near Boston and San Francisco and support a strong list of clients including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, eBay, Disney, One Kings Lane, Beachbody and Hilton Worldwide.
What do we do?
We provide technology solutions by architecting and developing enterprise systems using a variety of programming languages, tools and platforms. This can range from building data warehouses, to web applications to implementing reporting platforms. We work in small teams, own the projects that we work on, and have direct input into the business decisions of our clients.
What do you get from working for Raybeam?
A fun, supportive work environment that promotes camaraderie and growth.
The chance to travel and network with important figures in the industry.
The chance to have input into business decisions of our clients.
The opportunity to learn technologies that you've always wanted but never had the chance.
If you are interested in applying for the position please click on the link below to take a short quiz.
http://careerseval.raybeam.com/sign_in
Please note that Raybeam, Inc. is currently unable to provide sponsorship and we will only consider local candidates.
COVID-19 considerations:
Due to COVID, all employees are currently working remotely. When it is safe to do so, we will return to the office.",4.7,"Raybeam
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
94,Data Analyst,"$39k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst, St. Louis or multiple locations

St. Louis preferred, but will consider: Arlington, WI Evansville, IN Huxley, IA Williamsburg, IA Lubbock, TX Monmouth, IL Ankeny, IA
*No C2C or sponsorship, must be our W2**
4-6 Years of experience working with one or more of the following tools: SAS, Spotfire, J-Review, R, SAS, JavaScript, Python, or Perl
Thorough understanding of data standards
ilter, tag, join, parse, and normalize data sets for use in analytical models.
Create reports and dashboards from a variety of data.
Work with data manager or steward to resolve data quality issues and with data scientists to understand their workflows and requirements. Manage model degradation and ensure models remain predictive.
Good data wrangling, some statistics & linear algebra skills.
Create operative business insights for business stakeholders, and use the outputs of the Data Scientists in operative business. Decomposition of complex problems, expert knowledge in data, tools, and methods, storytelling and communication, business acumen.",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
95,Construction Data Analyst,"$50k-$88k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


At Cumming, you will work on some of the world's most exciting projects in a dynamic environment where your success is measured by the impact you make. We are one of the fastest-growing project and cost management consultancies in the United States, as reflected in our top 20 rankings in both ENR and Building Design + Construction. With over 30 offices globally, an extremely diverse project portfolio, and double-digit year-over-year revenue growth, the opportunities to make your mark are limitless!

We are seeking a Construction Data Analyst to act as the day-to-day interface with the client to help drive a data-driven culture of informed decision making. You have a chance to be a key player in our technological future, as part of a team of innovative professionals shaping our built environment.

The Construction Data Analyst responsible for gathering and storing data, visualization, analytics and dashboard reporting development.

The ideal candidate is a data visualization expert, preferably within the construction industry, and with experience managing data, working with end users, creating analytics and dashboard development.

Responsibilities
Develop and maintain databases and reporting tools to store and display cost, schedule, and other construction data
Work with stakeholders to create, revise, and launch dashboards and other data efforts
Respond to and manage requests for data solutions and visuals from client and Cumming team
Develop and present high-level metrics in a simple, accessible way
Be proactive in offering data solutions to inefficiencies
Develop a suite of reporting tools in Tableau/PowerBI with a consistent look and feel
Create processes, capture best practice, and help create a data-driven culture
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in business, economics, data analytics, finance or related field of study
3+ years' experience in data analysis and visualization
Experience tidying and wrangling complex, ugly datasets
Experience being able to stand behind their work and present a coherent story with data
Knowledge of data solutions lifecycle - from concept to maintenance planning
Understanding of basic design principles for effective visuals
Basic understanding of preconstruction, design, and post-contract construction processes
Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team.
Ability to independently research and generate data solutions
Ability to work cross-functional teams with other teams to achieve objectives
Advanced knowledge of Tableau and PowerBI
Advanced Excel/Google Sheets skills
Working knowledge of SQL to interrogate datasets
Any programming/ coding experience - Python, R, D3.js, etc. is a plus
Have more questions? Chat with a recruiter on our careers website! It takes five minutes to apply to this job and we will provide feedback within five business days.

#LI-EG1

CUMMING is an equal opportunity employer, fully committed to attracting, retaining, developing, and promoting the most qualified team members without regard to race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, age, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic, including physical or mental disability, to the extent protected by applicable federal, state or local law.",4.1,"Cumming
4.1","Portland, OR",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
96,Data Analyst,-1,"Job Description:

Job Title: Data Analyst

Client: State of Arkansas, Department of Health

Location: Onsite – Little Rock, Arkansas

This is a contract position in Data Analysis. You will be responsible for data cleanup and analysis of covid related data.

Must have:

Excel experience
Data Analysis experience (trends, thresholds, queries, etc)
Data Cleanup experience
Data entry experience
Be able to work Monday through Friday, 8am-4:30pm with possible weekend work

What you will need to be successful in this role:

Strong Excel and data analysis experience
Strong attention to detail
Ability to handle confidential information with discretion and professionalism
Some understanding of medical terms and terminology is preferred but not required

Sounds Great, Right? Here’s What’s Next

Apply online and our team will contact you ASAP to discuss further!

A Little About Us

Learn about TalenTrust – helping clients find, keep and grow the best people

Read This New Book: Solve the People Puzzle

TalenTrust and our partners are Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employers and welcome all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic data, or religion or other legally protected status.",3.4,"TalenTrust LLC
3.4","Little Rock, AR",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
97,Data Analyst (Entry),"$32k-$58k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Nursery Coordinator

No corp to corp or sponsorship

Responsibilities

- Assist in the design, creation and management of nursery trials;

- Submit capacity and assay requests to partner labs and teams through enterprise IT systems

- Work with large, complex datasets and computer systems to provide insights for data- driven decisions;

- Work with stakeholders across site functions to track KPIs;

- Assist with in-depth and ad-hoc analysis of information from multiple data sources;

- Increase data accessibility within the organization by enabling scheduled reporting and monitoring in non-graphic or graphic form;

- Use forecasts to help manage greenhouse capacity;

- Accurately forecast, create and analyze molecular assay projects to advance elite genetics while ensuring trait quality;

- Be able to work extended hours during peak seasons;

Required Skills / Experience

- BS in data science, life sciences, engineering, statistics or related field PLUS at least one year of work experience with reporting, data management, or data analytics

OR

- An equivalent combination of related experience/education

ALSO

- Experience with large data sets

- Excellent Excel skills

- Ability quickly understand a number of processes with consistency and attention to data quality and accuracy

Desired Skills and Experience

- Experience with visualization software (Tibco SpotFire, Tableau, Power BI, etc.)",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Tucson, AZ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
98,Digital Transformation and Data Analyst (Claims),"$40k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are You Driven?® We Are.

We are a company of driven, enthusiastic and determined people. We celebrate achievement and success. We foster innovation, determination and recognition. Because of that, our employees feel recognized and rewarded for the contributions they make on a daily basis. At GAINSCO, It is our people that set us apart.

If you are looking for a place where you can make a difference, perceive how your work impacts the company, and be recognized for your efforts and passion, then GAINSCO is the company for you.

Why Join GAINSCO?

By joining GAINSCO, you become part of a dynamic and growing organization that has been recognized as a Top Workplace in both our Dallas and Miami offices.

GAINSCO’s work environment rewards engaged individuals who have a desire to contribute and succeed. That’s because our culture encourages individuals to grow their skills as they build their careers. Come join us and become a champion with GAINSCO.

What does a DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION& DATA ANALYST (CLAIMS) do?
Uncover and communicate performance trends and actionable insights to the business.
Leverage data insights and incorporate these findings to accelerate the digital transformation efforts of the Claims Department.
Complete ad-hoc analysis and offer recommendations based on your findings.
Proactively collaborate with all levels of the Claims organization and offer data-focused support to any relevant business challenges.
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop, implement and maintain business monitoring reports
Perform data validation and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality/accuracy
Work with IT to maintain accessibility to databases/data systems
Additional projects as requested
What is required?

Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Risk Management, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics or Actuarial.
Experience:
1-2 years of working experience as a data analyst preferred
Ability to identify potentially hidden trends and communicate actionable insights based on your findings.
Experience working within an Auto Insurance Claims department is preferred.
Advanced skills in performing mathematical calculations
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Advanced computer skills, specifically in databases and spreadsheets (Excel, SAS, MSSQL preferred, Python, R)
Experience with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence is preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication
Excellent organization skills
Other skills and abilities:
A strong desire to be a part of the conversations that result in improving business processes and results.
Ability to communicate and simplify the complex with a wide variety of stakeholders.
Ability to manage own time while prioritizing multiple tasks
Required behaviors for all positions:
Communicate with co-workers, management, customers, vendors, and others in a courteous and professional manner
Conform with and abide by all Company codes, regulations, policies, values, work procedures and instructions
Regular attendance
What else do you need to know?
Competitive Salary based on experience.
Excellent benefits package: medical& dental (Basic plan FREE), vision insurance, life insurance, short term and long term disability insurance.
Parental Leave Policy.
401K + Company Match.
Paid Vacation + Sick days + Floating Holidays + Company determined Holidays.
All offers are contingent upon a background investigation (including employment, education, criminal and DMV verification- when applicable) and a pre-employment drug test with results satisfactory to GAINSCO.",3.7,"GAINSCO
3.7","Dallas, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
99,Quality Data Analyst (Remote/ Virtual),"$36k-$65k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Remote opportunity!

The Quality Data Analystis a member of the Ascension Data Science Institute’s Quality Analytics team, supporting the collection, organization, and measurement of key P4P and HEDIS measures. The position will also support quality improvement activities with payers, providers and technical teams and support all STAR Rating improvement efforts needed to impact Medicare Advantage contractual requirements.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to collects and analyzes data from multiple sources for the development of reports and statistical information.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Oversees provision of ad hoc management reports.
Reviews information for accuracy and reconciles data on a regular basis.
Proficiency with data extraction, manipulation, and interpretation using multiple data sources (EMR, claims, payer data)
Develops and prepares the required and/or requested reports, charts and graphs Analyzes claims and clinical loss data for trends and identifies opportunities for additional evaluation and focus.
Analyzes data for trends and identifies opportunities for additional evaluation and focus.
Conducts data analysis to assist Health Ministries and System Office staff in defining key performance indicators, measurement and management improvement Collaborates with IT Division regarding the system requirements and necessity for accurate, timely reports and access to claims information.
Develops approaches to presenting information including presentations and communications.
Supports advance project management, improvement initiatives and tactical decisions/plans.
Analyzes healthcare data from conceptualization through presentation of data and proficiency with analytical tools, knowledge of data analysis methodology, use of presentation software and strong communication skills.
Develops and provides visual, spoken and written education related to data analysis, data presentation, including information/education related to maximizing the use of data products and functions across Ascension.
Supports database applications and analytical tools including evaluation of data quality, appropriate use of applications and maximizing internal and external database product functions across Ascension.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
Bachelor's Degree in relevant areas (Health/ Business Administration, Public Health, Statistics) including data analysis, decision support strongly preferred.
Experience:
Proficiency in analytical software and IT experience preferred.
SQL and Tableau experience preferred.
Healthcare industry experience preferred.
Preferred Work Experience:
Our teams and customers are distributed across USA, so you must be comfortable working remotely using online collaboration tools and travel sometimes (25%).
MIPS, MSSP, ACO Reporting Experience preferred.
Understanding HEDIS and Other Quality Measure Specifications preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify links below for more information.

eVerify

Right to Work",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Nashville, TN",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
100,Technical Data Analyst,"$41k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","GENERAL DESCRIPTION / PRIMARY PURPOSE

The primary responsibilities of the Technical Data Analyst are to conduct full System Design Life Cycle (SDLC) analysis, requirements gathering, solution design activities, implementation and support of data solutions. He/she will perform detailed data analysis, business intelligence tasks including database level administration, report design and data analytics. The Technical Data Analyst will also monitor system performance, provide end user support and identify system and data/reporting improvements.

The Technical Data Analyst will be part of the OneDole ERP initiative working on different areas such as transitioning reports and analytics from our legacy ERP to Microsoft Dynamics, gathering new information requirements with the new systems, solving new needs using Microsoft application (Power BI, SQL Server Studio, Reporting Services, and others).

This position is required to learn and understand the Dole Fresh Fruit business and its business systems (Tranship, Mainsail, OneWorld, Salesforce, Quality System, etc.). This role will also be an extremely important asset for upcoming projects, such as MDM (Master Data Management) and Microsoft Dynamics ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning).
JOR RESPONSIBILITIES AND TASKS/DUTIES OF THE POSITION

Indicate the 6-10 most important responsibilities and, or tasks this position is accountable to accomplish.
Ability to translate business requirements into technical specifications that can be understood and communicated
Design and implement data extractions, data transformation and ETL tasks using SQL Server
Build data solutions with analytics tools such as Tableau and Microsoft Power BI
Use Microsoft BI reporting (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS) and databases (SQL, Oracle, MySql) to fulfill user information needs
Identify opportunities for developing new data sources, and provide technical leadership around making those data sources high quality and broadly available
Support existing data solutions
Be adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
Coordinate projects and resources related to databases, data integrity and reporting
Required Skills

JOB SPECIFIC COMPETENCIES (Knowledge, Skill And Experience Requirements)
5+ years’ experience in a data analysis
Experience with data interpretation and visualization and related platforms (e.g. Power BI, Tableau)
Proven ability to work in distributed systems
Proficiency with MS SQL Server required
Must be able to develop creative solutions to problems
High-level written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated understanding of organizational environment and projects alignment to corporate objectives
Ability to work effectively and efficiently towards goals in a complex, diverse environment with multiple and changing demands
Proven ability to find non-traditional means of accomplishing objectives
Strong problem solving and trouble shooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment.
Strong customer service skills
Demonstrates a ‘one team’ / ‘one company’ mindset
INTERNAL & EXTERNAL RELATIONS
VP
Directors
Managers
Sales personnel
Warehouse personnel
Quality personnel
Logistic personnel
Port personnel
Vendors
Consultants
Development companies
Outsourced services
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering required
EMPLOYEE MANAGEMENT
N/A
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
Sit at computer
Able to lift 20lbs
WORK HOUR REQUIREMENT
8:00AM - 5:00PM
Some projects may require on-call
TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS
Ability to travel up to 25% of the time, international and domestic travel
EEOC STATEMENT

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.

Required Experience

Job Location
Westlake Village, US-CA",3.9,"Dole Food Company, Inc.
3.9","Westlake Village, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1901,Company - Private,Food Production,Agriculture & Forestry,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
101,Product Data Analyst,"$40k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","See What Were All About

As the fastest growing distributor of foodservice equipment parts, we like to do things a little differently. We believe our team should be like family. Not like a second cousin, twice removed, but more like the family you choose to be with every day. First, you have to demonstrate our core values and keep safety as your #1 priority, thats key. But were also looking for unique enthusiasm, high integrity, courage to embrace changeand if you know a few jokes, that puts you on the top of our list.

Do you have a genius-level knowledge of foodservice equipment parts? If not, no problem! Were more interested in passionate people with fresh ideas from different backgrounds. Thats what keeps us at the top of our game. Were proud that our workplace has been recognized for its growth and innovation on the Inc. 5000 list, twelve years in a row and the Crains Fast 50 list seven times.

If youre ready to roll up your sleeves, go above and beyond and put your ambition to work, all while having some fun, lets chat Apply Today!

Perks
Parts Town Pride check out our virtual tour and culture!
Quarterly profit sharing bonus
Fitness center, game room and on-site food market
Team member appreciation events and recognition programs
Volunteer opportunities
Casual dress code
All the traditional benefits like health insurance, 401k/401k match, employee assistance programs and time away dont worry, weve got you covered.
The Job at a Glance

The Product Data Analyst (internally known as Product Data Wizard) is responsible for completing project work to add and update all product data, images, digital media, pricing, and categorization information that supports the unique search functionality of the Parts Town website, mobile app, and mobile-optimized website as well as improves our SEO positioning. Product Data Analyst will be working directly with supplier service managers to design and execute brand-specific landing pages or working directly with customer procurement managers to design and execute customer-specific web portals.

A Typical Day
Obtain current manufacturer service and parts manuals and parts diagrams for all models related to specific manufacturers
Analyze collected data and refresh any current information located on our website
Create/update interactive parts diagrams for each parts diagram provided by the manufacturer
Analyze data on a daily basis in regards to product description, image, price, and product replacement or obsolescence
Maintain a relationship with manufacturers to ensure price lists are current in our system
Utilize numerous ecommerce tools such as Google Analytics, Hotjar, Hybris etc.
To Land This Opportunity
You possess strong analytical skills with strong knowledge of Access and Excel
Bonus points if you utilized scripting languages such as Python and Powershell
You are familiar with vendor management
You have experience with e-commerce product data management
Youre an all-star communicator and are fluent in English (both written and verbal)
About Your Future Team

Our Product Data and Images team is an eclectic bunch who likes to have fun, eat and drink a lot of coffee (we are in the foodservice space after all). If you have a wealth of knowledge of pop culture, you like sci-fi, or Hawaiian shirt day is your favorite day, youll fit in just fine

Parts Town welcomes diversity and as an equal opportunity employer all qualified applicants will be considered regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.",3.7,"Parts Town
3.7","Addison, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
102,DATA MGMT ANALYST RADIOLOGY,"$30k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Ensures customers satisfaction through the provision and maintenance of easily accessible, high quality and uninterrupted information services, and systems within the division of Imaging Services. Analyzes, trouble shoots and resolves imaging service network, systems, and related component problems at both northlake and southlake campuses, as well as other offsite facilities.
PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES(*Essential Functions)


Ensures the integrity and reliability of all imaging systems by assessing and resolving hardware and software problems, encompassing the hospital infrastructure, client-servers, and stand-alone systems.

Special emphasis to calls arising on evenings, nights, and/or weekends, in order to minimize any system downtime and maintain needed system utilization.

Evaluates and recommends system hardware and software replacements and upgrades, both on an assigned project as well as on ""as observed"" basis.

Maintains accurate and adequate inventory levels of supplies and parts, including all necessary and related record keeping of usage, orders, and replacements.

Maintains an up-to-date understanding of the overall structure, interrelatedness, and operations of the hospital infrastructure, remote users, LANS, stand-alone systems and personal computers.

This is essential in order to provide complete and timely services to customers, especially in critical off-hours.

Maintains complete and accurate records, in accordance with the imaging service's policies and procedures, of all requests for assistance and all other project completions.

Provides emergency, routine, and preventive maintenance to all system hardware components.

Immediate efforts to emergency or unexpected breakdowns that present a system (or key component thereof) slowdown or halt.

Repairs imaging services system hardware including personal computers, printers, data communication equipment, related wiring and peripherals.

Represents imaging services both within and outside the hospital for all system related activities as assigned by the Director.

Assists in establishing continuing education on all system functions for imaging services and other hospital personnel as needed.


JOB SPECIFICATIONS(Minimum Requirements)



KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES

Local area networking experience, specifically, or 4-5 years relevant work experience or equivalent combination of education and relevant work experience.

Experience including Imaging Services operations including reporting schedules, office procedures, processing and reporting workflow.

Excellent computer skills, experience with interfacing and programming preferred.

A high degree of independent action and exercise of correct judgment is a must, along with creativity, initiative and professionalism.

Developed verbal and written communication skills are required.

Strong interpersonal and organizational skills, and a high degree of fine motor skills and visual accuracy required.

Ability to organize and prioritize work in order to complete assignments within designated time frames.

Ability to work with little or no supervision and to professionally handle stressful situations.

Must be professional, courteous, a self-starter, and must have a positive attitude.



EDUCATION


Bachelors Electronics Preferred

Bachelors Computer Science Preferred

Associates Radiology Required

Including reporting schedules, office procedures, processing and reporting workflow.

4 Information Technology Required

5 Healthcare/Medical - Radiology (Imaging and Therapy) Required



STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR

Meets the Standards of Behavior as outlined in Personnel Policy and Procedure #1, Employee Relations Code.


CONFIDENTIALITY/HIPAA/CORPORATE COMPLIANCE

Demonstrates knowledge of procedures for protecting and maintaining security, confidentiality and integrity of employee, patient, family, organizational and other medical information. Understands and supports the commitment of Methodist Hospitals in adhering to federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations governing ethical business practices for healthcare providers.


DISCLAIMER - The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. The statements are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required.",3.2,"The Methodist Hospitals
3.2","Merrillville, IN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1941,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
103,Data Governance Analyst,"$41k-$74k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB TITLE: Data Governance Analyst

JOB CLASSIFICATION: Exempt

REPORTS TO: Data Governance Director

JOB PURPOSE: The Data Governance Analyst will support the Data Governance activities at Argo Group. This position will support the company’s Data Governance and Data Management program throughout the organization.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Support data governance initiatives
Support the system of record as a “single-source of truth” for each data element; resolve multiple sources of truth issues with key stakeholders via clear definitions of elements.
Support management, manipulation and capture of data.
Liaise with multiple business units and support teams across the global enterprise on complex data governance projects.
Support the Data Governance Roadmap, including enterprise wide Data Quality Framework and an Information Model
Facilitate bi-directional communication of strategies, priorities and issues
Works with the business units to ensure data ownership and quality, and with Argo’s Data Protection Officer’s team to ensure data security
Champion organizational behavior change as it relates to the use of data; realizing vision of data managed as an asset
Work with Data Architects to ensure facilitation of consistent data quality control and optimization in EDW at enterprise level
Perform other duties as assigned
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology or Business Administration or 3+ yrs. related field experience
2+ years working in a Data Governance Role
1+ years experience with Master Data Management
3+ years working in the Insurance or Financial Services
Credible across both business and IT
Understanding of operational processes, data, systems landscape
Experience with one or more data governance tools
REQUIRED COMPETENCIES:

Problem Solving
Demonstrates strong problem solving capabilities
Willing and able to overcome challenges and roadblocks to enable the business to meets it goals
Communication
Communicate effectively in both verbal (i.e. day-to-day discussions, team meetings) and written (requirements and design specifications) form, as well as have an overall ability to be clear and concise in all communications.
Comfortable communicating with all audiences from highly technical engineers to non-technical executives in both written and verbal channels
Actively listens to customers and teams
Builds good relationships with peers, executives and other departments
Ownership
Cares about the quality of the product systems and the success of the organization
Expresses opinion on solutions and does not allow bad solutions
High sense of urgency to meet commitments
Will go outside of primary role if needed to help drive success
PLEASE NOTE: At this time, Argo Group will not sponsor an applicant for employment authorization for this position.

If you have a disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment at Argo Group, please contact our Benefits Department at 210-321-8400.

To all recruitment agencies: Unless you have been requested to work on this position, or other positions with Argo Group, please do not forward any resumes to Argo Group employees. Argo Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin or citizenship (including language use restrictions), denial of family and medical care leave, disability (mental and physical) , including HIV and AIDS, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), race, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, child birth, breastfeeding, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, child birth or breastfeeding), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or other status protected by federal, state and/or local laws.

Applicants: For the most convenient application experience, please use the “Apply with LinkedIn” button. If manually entering, only include your most recent or relevant job information needed for this role. For either method, please attach your most current resume. Additional job history may be obtained if selected for the interview process.",3.6,"Argo Group US
3.6","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
104,Data Analyst,"$33k-$57k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Details
Description

MetroNet has an immediate opening for an energetic; Data Analyst in Evansville, IN!

At MetroNet, we pride ourselves on providing cutting-edge technology combined with outstanding customer care. We are a fast-growing telecommunication company, offering 100% fiber-optic technology. MetroNet specializes in fiber to the premise TV, voice and internet services that provide our customers with some of the fastest internet speeds in the world. Recognized for being one of the Best Places to Work in 2020 by Glassdoor. We are committed to revolutionizing the industry by enhancing the overall customer experience and optimizing the talent of our valued associates.

We’re looking for tech-savvy, innovative thinkers to join our team and help us create what’s next!

What is in it for you?

Competitive total compensation package
80% of Medical premiums paid for by company
Company paid Disability and Life insurance
401(k) company match and 100% vested on day 1
Discounted MetroNet service in our serviceable area
Flexible schedule
Locally owned, friendly, fun atmosphere

Job Summary:

Data Analysts in the analytics department are both full-time analysts and full-time project managers. They are also part-time report creators, part-time geospatial analysts, and part-time mad scientist. Our product is data, and our process is creative. We support every part of the business from the initial review of potential markets, to design, construction, sales, field services, management and customer service. Our analyst positions are expected to be able to solve problems and derive insights, sometimes even when none had been thought possible. We are a creative group; we do a lot of individual and also team-based collaborative work. We manage projects throughout their entire life cycle, from requirements to support. We are not an I.T. department, although we perform many functions that a typical I.T. department does. We are problem solvers, process improvers, and data storytellers.

What you will be doing:

Reviews, analyzes, and evaluates business systems and user needs.
Developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquiring data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases
Manages the progress of projects and drives them to completion, sets customer and managerial expectations, and communicates status.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complicated data sets and effectively communicate this information with management

What You Need For This Position:

Business process analysis and project management.
Telecommunication industry experience desirable.
Strong analytical skillswith the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent interpersonal, analytical, organizational, and problem-solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Experience and comfort with Microsoft Office products
SQL experience a huge plus
The desire to succeed, improve, and learn

If you have a strong desire to impact, the success of our organization by ensuring we continue to attract and retain committed professionals, please apply today!

MetroNet is an EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

#ZR",4.5,"MetroNet
4.5","Evansville, IN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
105,Senior Data Analytics Analyst (Corporate Quality),"$59k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This Senior Data Analytics Analyst for Corporate Quality will be responsible for collecting and preparing data, managing varied sources of data, and maintaining reports for distribution. This role will collaborate cross functionally with various areas of the organizations to develop a deep understanding of Quality metrics of the Edwards business and will be accountable for architecting and implementing data modeling solutions that improve business processes. The successful individual must have a combination of analytical skills, data management understanding, and business acumen with an ability to think enterprise-wide. The Sr. Analyst would be comfortable with interacting with upper management and enforcing standards.

Key Responsibilities:
Data Management and Preparation: Identify, evaluate, cleanse, and organize disparate data sources. Identify data sources available and collect primary data where necessary. - Understand and assess the value of data sources based on our organizational need. Prepare and structure data within our systems for analysis.
Data Analysis: Administer and maintain our models, dashboards and reporting tools for distribution of analysis. Support and automate the ongoing analysis of trends and key performance metrics. Perform ad hoc analysis as assigned and identify new opportunities for value-add analytics as needed.
Collaboration: Work across functions to understand the nuances of our data from across the organization and external sources. Seek to understand the data and analytical needs of our stakeholders. Work closely with the IT organization to manage and maintain data within our systems.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree with 5 years of experience with data analytics; OR Master’s degree with 3 years of experience with data analytics.
Experience developing queries, analyzing data and developing reports, dashboards and data insights
Experience with data visualization/modeling related tools such as: Power BI, Tableau, Raw, QlikView, Spotfire, etc.
Utilizing programming languages such as: Python, R, C/C++, JAVA, or other similar languages
Using reporting tools and querying languages such as: SQL, SAS, Crystal Reports, SAP Hana, or similar
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience in the medical device, pharma, biotech, or healthcare related industries
Experience with electronic Quality Management Systems (ETQ Reliance, Sparta TrackWise, Pilgrim SmartSolve, CATSWeb, etc)
Knowledge and experience with Quality Systems (e.g. CAPAs, NCRs, Complaints, etc)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Results-oriented, positive “can-do” attitude with demonstration of appropriate urgency and initiative
Detail-oriented, producing high quality work
Ability to influence and build strong relationships is essential
Strong ability to manage and work with different cultures and nationalities
Ability to manage competing and evolving priorities in a fast-paced environment
Ability to adapt to new technologies and rapidly changing environment
Participate in project communications, training materials, and business procedures/documentation
Edwards is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer including protected Veterans and individuals with disabilities.",3.7,"Edwards Lifesciences
3.7","Irvine, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1958,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
106,"Intern - Agile Transformation Analyst, Data & Analytics",-1,"Agile Transformation Analyst, Data & Analytics Intern
2021 Paid Summer Internship

As an intern for the data portfolio strategy group, you will be a servant leader and coach to help agile teams deliver value to their customers and adopt Agile principles. You will help agile teams communicate with stakeholders, manage risk, drive process improvements, and facilitate agile events and processes. You will also need to embrace the concepts of technology business management and support departmental operational activities including budget management, risk management, and compliance tracking.
What you would be involved in:

Evangelize Lean process excellence principles and kaizen within Enterprise Data and Analytics to define, measure, analyze and improve organizational effectiveness in delivering value.
Assist/Facilitate Program Increment Planning readiness (using Backlogs, and Pre- and Post-PI Planning meetings) and the quarterly PI planning event
Assist tracking the execution of features and capabilities by establishing PI measurement and metrics
Attend periodic synchronization meetings, facilitate feature and capability estimation with agile product teams and assist in rolling-up work items to Epics
Coach leaders, teams, and Scrum Masters in Lean-Agile practices and mindsets
Help manage risks and dependencies, escalating, tracking, and assisting in the resolution of impediments
Work with the Data Portfolio Strategy group on program execution and operational excellence
Qualifications
Working toward a Bachelor’s degree in Business
Administration, Computer Science, MIS or related degree

Knowledge or interest in
the following:
Scrum Master and understanding of common Agile practices,
service-oriented environments, and iterative development practices
IT full development life cycle
Scrum and Kanban Methodologies
Agile product and portfolio management
Scaled Agile Framework
Ability to establish credibility with clients, build
consensus, and achieve goals through influence
Ability to help teams write user stories/epics, identify
dependencies, and design optimal solutions
Flexibility to work with teams, individuals and executives
and willingness to help with a wide variety of work products and people
Excellent interpersonal/communication skills",3.3,"Zions Bancorporation
3.3","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
107,Data Analyst - Intex Developer,"$53k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst - Intex Developer


New York

Apply now

Refer someone

Bring your hands-on software development experience to our Credits Market team in New York.

In this highly visible role, you will use your strong Python programming skills to work alongside other senior developers to build data services and integrate them with Excel models for our front office. A knowledge of Intext software applications would be very useful for this role, but not a pre-requisite for application.

Critical to success in this role is 3 years or more of hands-on development experience with data analytics and creating and streamlining data libraries specializing in credit loan models (RMBS, CLO, ABS, student loans etc.). You will also need to be comfortable working in both Linux and Windows and have an understanding of modern system architectures.

To be successful you will need to possess:
a Degree in quantitative field (math, engineering, computer science)
strong technical acumen with Python and Intex in Microsoft and Linux environments
experience collaborating with other developers on non-trivial projects in a fast-paced setting
If you're ready to start your career, please apply now.

Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.

Find out more about Macquarie at www.macquarie.com/about

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

If you're ready to start your career, please apply now.

About Commodities and Global Markets

Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.

Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

We recognise that flexibility comes in a variety of forms. Talk to us about what flexibility you need.

*LI-AMERICAS",3.7,"Macquarie Group
3.7","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
108,Clinical Nurse Data Analyst,"$22-$36 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

SHIFT: No Weekends

SCHEDULE: Full-time

At Medical City Plano, we care like family.
Just as a family does, we pull together to care for, support, and celebrate with patients and each other. Are you looking for an employer with many different career options and a people-focused culture? You have come to the right place.

Registered Nurse (RN) - Clinical Nurse Data Analyst

Full-time Days


The RN Clinical Data Analyst is responsible for evaluating services delivered by the neuro services departments and personnel based on the hospital mission, vision and goals. Collaborates and coordinates with other department management personnel, for the functions and activities of nursing care performed in the neuroscience department(s) in conformance with recognized nursing techniques and procedures, established standards and administrative policies. Maintains knowledge of group dynamics, strong analytical, organizational and communication skills. Recommends policies, procedures or programs to improve or enhance the quality, efficiency and/or effectiveness of patient care within the neuroscience department(s) in collaboration with the Neuroscience Program Director in a manner consistent with the mission and goals of the organization. The RN Clinical Data Analyst maintains working knowledge of regulatory issues, which impact the health care delivery system. Employee will recognize the population specific needs of the Neuroscience patient and apply the appropriate knowledge, skills and behaviors to meet those needs when performing patient care activities

Join our team and you will experience a total rewards package to support your health, life, career and retirement including:
A supportive and collaborative work environment
Opportunities to progress in function, skill, and pay
A competitive wage scale
Generous tuition reimbursement and clinical certification support
A comprehensive health and wellness package including medical, dental and prescription drug coverage
HCA’s Time Away From Work Program that combines paid time off, disability coverage and leaves of absence (including paid family leave)
401k Plan - 100% matching contribution — from 3% to 9% of pay — based on your years of vesting service
We offer a benefits package that will best suit your family’s needs. You can choose from a variety of medical coverage plans that best fit your lifestyle. You also have the option to enroll in additional perks such as our matching 401k, medical and childcare flex spending accounts, life insurance and tuition reimbursement.

HCA is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

There is a real difference at Medical City Plano, and it is evident in the way we touch the lives of those we treat.

Medical City Plano is a full-service; Magnet designated 600+-bed acute care hospital with more than 2,070 employees. As part of HCA Healthcare, we have the resources and clinical expertise necessary to provide exceptional care. Our services include a Level 1 trauma center, comprehensive cancer treatment, advanced surgery including robotic and minimally invasive, orthopedics, heart and vascular care, and complete women and children's services including a high-risk antepartum unit and a Level 3 NICU.

Qualifications
What you need to be
successful:
Bachelor of Science in
Nursing
Certified Neuroscience (CNRN) or Stroke Certified (SCRN) preferred
Minimum of 3 years’ experience working in
neurosciences field

Notice

Our Company’s recruiters are here to help unlock the next possibility within your career and we take your candidate experience very seriously. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Gmail or Yahoo Mail. If you feel suspicious of a job posting or job-related email, let us know by clicking here.

For questions about your job application or this site please contact HCAhrAnswers at 1-844-422-5627 option 1.",3.5,"Medical City Plano
3.5","Plano, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1975,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
109,Data Security Analyst II / Information Security Analyst,"$53k-$133k
(Glassdoor Est.)","During the pandemic, safety is of primary importance to us! After a very brief onboarding process on the first day, new employees will train/work from home until such time that it is deemed safe to return to the office.

Knowledge of identity management software, experience with DEV – SEC – OPS, exposure to modern authentication components such as Identity Federation, Multi-Factor Authentication, or identity experience with hosted cloud computing such as AWS, Azure or Google.

Critical in achieving our vision of establishing predictive analytics as a competitive advantage of MAPFRE USA. Work has strategic impact on potentially all functional areas including marketing, product, actuary, operations, and claims. Responsible for identifying both internal and external data sources, extracting and cleansing data elements, creating variables and datasets, and utilizing programming and analytical skills to conduct qualitative and quantitative analysis related to pure premiums, customer life time value, customer buying behaviors, retention and other topics. Develop processes and applications to facilitate internal deployment of models and work as a liaison with IT for enterprise implementation. Monitor the performance of models in production and maintain quality documentation on all data subjects.

Responsibilities will evolve over time.

Job Requirements

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Education: Masters Degree or equivalent, related experience.
Experience: 4 - 6 years - or Associates Degree equivalent plus 6 - 8 years.
Knowledge: Complete understanding and knowledge of industry practices, standards, and concepts within field of work. Applies them to perform or lead work requiring extensive analytical business skills.
Decision Making: Makes decisions using broad management limits. Applies guidelines and procedures that leave considerable room for discretion and interpretation. Decisions directly influence project, client relationships and or expenditures. Additionally, decisions exert some influence on organization's long-range goals and objectives. Participates in determining objectives of assignments.
Supervision Received: Works independently under general supervision. Work is reviewed for overall adequacy in meeting objectives.
Leadership: May provide training and guidance to less experienced staff.
Problem Solving /Operations/Direct Work Involvement: Applies knowledge to determine solutions to complex problems with minimal direction. Uses research and analysis to develop innovative and practical solutions which are consistent with organizational objectives.
Client Contacts: Contacts other departments and or external organizations or parties frequently. Contacts are primarily at or below upper management levels. Represents organization on specific projects. Communication may involve persuasion, and negotiation.

Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Basic Qualifications:
Master's Degree or above with 0+ years of experience, Bachelor's Degree with 4+ years of experience, or Associate's Degree with 6+ years of experience
Degree in Economics, Finance, Engineering, Mathematics, Science, Information Technology, Computer Science, Business Administration or a related quantitative analytical field.
Experience in insurance, banking, credit card or other financial industries, or comparable consulting experience.
Strong programming skills in SQL, SAS, VBA, EXCEL, ACCESS.
Strong in data modeling, merge/purge, query, and reporting in SAS, DBMS (e.g. Oracle, DB2, ACCESS), and other systems.
Familiar with quantitative and qualitative analysis .

Preferred Qualifications:
SQL Server, Teradata, UNIX, LINUX, MVS, R, Congos
C, C++, JAVA, or other programming languages
Database design
If you require an accommodation for a disability so that you may participate in the selection process, you are encouraged to contact the MAPFRE Insurance Talent Acquisition team at talentacquisition@mapfreusa.com.

We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

Click here to review our Privacy Policy

#INDEED123",2.9,"MAPFRE Insurance
2.9","Webster, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1972,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
110,Healthcare Data Analyst,-1,"Xtend Healthcare, established in 2009, is seeking professionals to fulfill a specific need at one of our key clients of EY (Ernst & Young) within its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice. These full-time positions offer a competitive salary and an attractive benefits package. The positions are long-term with no scheduled end date. Many current Xtend Healthcare employees have been contracted in similar roles at EY for multiple years -- some well over a decade.

EY is a globally recognized professional services firm and its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice serves a variety of healthcare clients nationally. EY is looking to expand its existing team of Xtend Healthcare data analysts. Xtend Healthcare employees who act in these contracted roles have data analytics, informatics or business backgrounds. Some individuals do occasionally travel for work, but travel is not required by all. Candidates are expected to work daily in EY's downtown Indianapolis, Indiana office location.

EY offers our team members a highly inclusive, flexible work environment. Benefits also include the opportunity to develop and build upon deep technical skills, healthcare industry knowledge, and consulting skills through on-the-job training. The services provided include assisting their clients in complying with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulatory requirements, in addition to helping them receive the appropriate amount of reimbursement from these programs.

We are seeking qualified candidates for ourHealthcare Data Analystposition. This position will work with our client's proprietary tools to analyze large volumes of hospital data. The candidates must employ various technical data manipulation techniques to analyze large complex data sets, identify data patterns, data mine, etc. Through training, candidates must learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets. Candidates must be able to communicate results of the analysis to project managers.

JOB SUMMARY:

1. Analyze large volumes of hospital data.

2. Employ various techniques to analyze large complex data sets:
Data manipulation
Data mining
Identifying data patterns
3. Learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets.

4. Communicate results of analysis succinctly to project managers.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
2+ years experience in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel required, with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience recommended.
Successful reference check, background check and drug screening (required).
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement, including cost reports, Medicare DSH and/or Medicare bad debts, is a significant advantage.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel (required) with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience (recommended).
Acute attention to detail and strong analytical skills (required).
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to employ critical thinking skills and work independently while also working well within a team environment.
Receptiveness to differing views and ideas with the ability to apply industry-specific concepts.
Highly adaptable to changing circumstances and/or directives in day-to-day priorities.
Ability to perform well on frequent repetitive tasks while continually improving skills and competencies.
Willingness to travel occasionally (plus).
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.",3.3,"Navient
3.3","Indianapolis, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
111,Data Analyst,"$51k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst
10744
Menlo Park, CA
6/2/2020 2:54:00 PM

Learning
Contractor - W2

Job Description
Responsibilities

Primary
Query data and provide reports/query results to stakeholders
Manage requests and priorities independently
Provide documentation of queries/inbound requests for future use in improving GBM’s data infrastructure
Create new or improve existing dashboards by adding new metrics to support Business Education and other teams within the company

Secondary
Communicate with internal stakeholders about dashboards, and provide support about which metrics are available and from where
Understand existing data policy restrictions and determine if queries are possible to run/share
Skills

Minimum Qualifications

· 4+ years of experience in analytics or similar field

· Advanced proficiency in SQL

· Experience problem solving and providing business insights and recommendations from data

· Ability to manage multiple concurrent projects and drive initiatives in a cross-functional environment

· Ability to communicate complex data issues to audiences of different levels of technical expertise

Preferred Qualifications

· Experience building out large data sets and pipelines

· Python or similar scripting experience

Education

Minimum Qualifications

· Bachelor’s degree in a technical focus area

Preferred Qualifications

· MBA or graduate degree in a quantitative field

Job Requirements",3.8,"IntraEdge
3.8","Menlo Park, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
112,Senior Data Analyst,"$85k-$115k
(Employer Est.)","About Sysco Labs

Sysco LABS is a technology-focused division within Sysco, dedicated to reimagining foodservice through innovation. An extension of Sysco’s commitment to deliver exceptional products and services to the foodservice industry, Sysco LABS uses customer and market intelligence, data-driven insights and agile technology development to rethink the entire foodservice ecosystem.
Our innovation will improve everything from the ordering process, inventory, pricing and automation to the in-restaurant customer experience. Operating with the mindset of a startup and backed by the authoritative expertise of an industry leader, Sysco LABS’ mission is to improve the Sysco customer experience and consistently deliver cost savings and new innovations through technology.

About the Role

As a Senior Data Analyst at Sysco Labs, you will be responsible for driving strategies and tactics to optimize Sysco products using quantitative data, find answers to broad questions, identify patterns and trends, and make informed decisions to influence product strategy and direction.

Responsibilities
Utilize a combination of exploratory and descriptive analytics to inform product strategy and roadmap, and provide ad-hoc analyses that uncover root cause of recent business trends.
Understand data infrastructure and coordinate with Data Engineering to deliver data models and structures to meet business demands.
Design relevant data models, including outlining dimensions and measures needed, for answering business questions.
Establish and implement product data standards and best practices in order to optimize the data collection, fidelity and accuracy. Develop product measurement plans and dashboards to monitor metrics and KPIs.
Ensure optimization and validations initiatives are implemented, tracked and reviewed postproduction.
Shape, explore and publish data for business analysis or stakeholder initiatives using core Business Intelligence (BI) tools.
Maintain a presence in the broader data and analytics community.
Shape, explore and publish data for business analysis or stakeholder initiatives using core Business Intelligence (BI) tools, such as Tableau and Redash.
Other duties as assigned.
About You

Minimum Qualifications:
6 years’ experience in using data and analytics to drive decisions and insights.
Experience with SQL.
Experience with MixPanel or Google Analytics.
Experience with digital marketing tools such as Google Search Console, Adwords, Marin, Google DoubleClick stack, Tealium, or similar.
Experience with Tableau
Experience with JavaScript tag management.
Experience with Python Analytics/Viz packages.
Experience with R-Studio.
Experience with Data Mining tools such as RapidMiner, Opera, ProM, or similar.
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science or related field.
Experience with programmatic media.
Experience with structured and semi-structured data.
Perks at Sysco LABS:
Competitive base & bonus packages
Fun, casual, fast-paced work environment filled with talented colleagues
Brand-new high-tech office space located in the heart of East 6th St, (walking distance to the MetroRail)
Generous PTO policy
Flexible work environment that encourages work/life balance
Fully stocked break room & weekly catered lunch
Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits and company 401(k) program
At Sysco LABS you will be part of a team that values trust, learning, and working together to solve problems. Your efforts will help to build groundbreaking experiences for our customers. Come join us!
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.",4.1,"Sysco Labs
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
113,Data/Report Analyst,"$56k-$113k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Looking for your next venture? Are you an adventure-seeking, risk taker? Do you want to have meaningful impact and work in a fun, fast paced, dynamic environment? Do you have a passion for excellence and value teamwork?
ReedGroup

We are the top provider in the Absence Management industry and provide our services to major companies including a substantial number of Fortune 100 companies. We are committed to improving health and productivity outcomes while controlling costs - it is at the core of our comprehensive solutions which are designed to return people to their active lifestyles and allow businesses to thrive.

Do you want to join us on the adventure?

What You’ll Get to Do:
Redesign and continuously build something that has a positive impact on the operations within our client.
Collect, analyze and report on data monthly, quarterly, and annually on all Medical Leave Of Absence (MLOA).
Collect, analyze and report on data for statutory state leaves on a quarterly basis.
Develop, analyze and report case load reports and disability statistics.
Monitor for continuous quality improvement process whenever efficiencies or quality standards are not met.
Analyze and complete the Department of Labor OSHA surveys.
What Skills You’ll Use:
Your strong technical expertise in data modeling, database design, data mining, and segmentation techniques.
Your advanced knowledge of statistics and your experience using statistical packages analyzing datasets.
Your ability to effectively convey and communicate information with a wide audience of medical and non-medical personnel.
Your ability to get results and your passion for excellence.
Your excellent interpersonal communication skills.
What You Bring to the Table:
Two to four (2-4) years of experience in processing reports and working with data.
Two to four years’ experience in occupational health, worker compensation or disability data analysis.
An Associate’s degree or Bachelor’s degree or experience in lieu of a degree.
Location:

Jersey City, NJ (Waterfront)
We Offer:
Challenging work opportunities that create meaningful consumer experiences through innovative solutions
Leadership development, skill building and philanthropic opportunities that help you reach your potential
Competitive compensation
No waiting period for excellent medical, dental, supplemental health, life and vision benefits for you and your dependents
Life and disability insurance
A great 401(k) with match
Tuition assistance, paid parental leave and backup family care
Dynamic, modern work environments that promote collaboration and creativity
A culture where doing the right thing, social responsibility, inclusiveness, and community involvement matter
About ReedGroup:

As the largest exclusive provider of absence management services, ReedGroup has been dedicated to helping employees return to work safely for more than 35 years. We create a seamless experience so clients can excel at their jobs and better serve their employees – supporting a thriving, engaged, and skilled workforce.

ReedGroup is a wholly-owned, independent subsidiary of The Guardian Life Insurance Company – providing even more ways we can better serve people. Guardian has been helping people protect their futures and secure their lives for more than 150 years, and today serves 27 million people by helping them find financial confidence and well-being in life, health, and wealth. And as one of the largest mutual insurance companies, we know what matters most: putting the needs of customers first.

ReedGroup is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, affectional or sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, marital status, disability, military or veteran status, or any other classification protected by applicable law.",2.3,"ReedGroup
2.3","Jersey City, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1977,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
114,Sr Data Analyst (Remote/ Virtual),-1,"We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

This is your opportunity to join the growing Ascension Data Sciences Institute! This position is ideal for someone with a passion for data analysis, working with different analytic tools, helping stakeholders to make data-driven decisions, and solving problems in healthcare!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

Serves as a key resource/SME in collection and analysis of data from multiple sources for the development of financial models, reports, and dashboards. Implements and supports business analytics and decision-making processes. This role will also assist developing relevant metrics to track performance and evaluate opportunities for improvement.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Formulates, defines, and recommends scope and format of reports.
May provide leadership, orientation, training, coaching, and mentoring to team and end users on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Identifies data trends and makes recommendations for quality improvement.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes data for business and financial insights.
Provides excellent customer service to business stakeholders and end users; serves as a liaison between finance and technical resources.
Initiates action on data requests
Assumes a proactive role in driving improvement activities to achieve department and organizational goals to deliver value.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance highly desired.
Technical Skills
Experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy preferred.
Actionable interpretation of analytic output
Requirements gathering and data discovery
Statistics (preferred experience in Python, R and RStudio)
SQL for Google BigQuery desired
Professional Skills:
Full scope of understanding Financial Statements
Strong written and oral skills
Strong collaborator and skilled cross-functional communicator
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify links below for more information.

eVerify

Right to Work",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
115,"Data Analyst, Facilities Engineering Systems","$37k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Improving the health of our community in all we do

Northeast Georgia Health System (NGHS) is a non-profit community health system on a mission of improving the health of our community in all we do. Our team cares for more than 1 million people across the region through four hospitals and a variety of outpatient locations. Northeast Georgia Medical Center (NGMC) has campuses in Gainesville, Braselton, Winder and Dahlonega – with a total of more than 700 beds and more than 1,100 medical staff members representing more than 50 specialties. NGHS also encompasses Northeast Georgia Physicians Group, a multi-specialty group with more than 65 locations, and The Heart Center of Northeast Georgia Medical Center, a cardiology practice with more than 15 locations.

NGHS

The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst position is responsible for providing support for internal Facilities Engineering technology applications. Supports, with assistance from IT, includes installation, configuration, & maintenance, as well as providing training, reporting and production support for applications used by Facilities Engineering. The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst may serve as a resource for other team members, as well as the clinical and support units, contractors and vendors with support related to applications used by Facilities Engineering.

Associates Degree or Technical School Certification required; in lieu of education, comparable additional experience and/or education required.

3 years of work experience utilizing facilities engineering computer systems, technology services or computer systems operations. Knowledge of Healthcare, Federal regulations, Compliance standards, National Fire Protection Associate (NFPA) codes and other regulatory standards applicable to healthcare facilities engineering.

Since first opening its doors in Gainesville in 1951, Northeast Georgia Medical Center has added hospital campuses in Braselton, Barrow and Dahlonega – and become Georgia’s most awarded hospital. Some recognitions include being named to these lists:

America’s 50 Best Hospitals – Healthgrades

100 Top Hospitals – Truven Health Analytics

100 Hospitals with Great Heart Programs – Beckers Hospital Review

America’s Top Quality Providers – Carechex

Atlanta’s Top 150 Workplaces – Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Healthcare’s Most Wired Hospitals and Health Systems – Hospitals & Health Networks magazine

NGMC has also been recognized in recent years as Georgia’s #1 Hospital for overall hospital care, overall surgical care, heart care, orthopedic surgery, women’s care and more.",3.5,"Northeast Georgia Health System
3.5","Gainesville, GA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1951,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
116,IT Metric Data Analyst,"$38k-$67k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Learn, grow, and achieve more with HSA Bank.

HSA Bank has over 20 years of experience in guiding our customers toward sound financial decisions, and we warmly invite you to join us in delivering a genuine, values-based experience to all we serve. Our team takes immense pride in offering our customers financial products designed to protect their health and wealth.

Founded in 1997, we are a leading provider of Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) and other healthcare solutions used by over 35,000 employers and more than 3 million members. HSA Bank is a division of Webster Bank, N.A., a national banking services provider.

Summary:

The IT Metrics Data Analyst is responsible for external reporting on HSA Banks SLAs, internal reporting for required information and/or metrics. This position is responsible for proactively leveraging this data, incidents and system information to a) identify, b) prescribe and c) predict based on the data analysis opportunities for improvements.

Job Responsibilities:

The IT Metrics Data Analyst assists the Change Manager during absences and/or conflicts. This requires the position to understand, facilitate and execute the Change Management functions necessary to support the bank.
Executes the Change Management process tasks in adherence with global and local requirements
Coordinates and manages the Incident Management process activities across departments and ensure meeting SLAs
Escalates risks and issues to the IT Service Delivery Manager
Supports IT reporting (KPIs and customer SLAs)
Assists the Incident Management in ensuring consistent end-to-end application of the Incident Management process
Drives the execution of the Service Level Management process
Is responsible for the complete process adherence to SLAs
Design appropriate metrics for reporting on key performance and quality indicators in relation to IT, particularly in terms of in-depth trend analysis
Integrate with Problem Management performing deep dives on issues, analyzing root cause and provide recommendations for improvements and efficiencies
Creating documentation for advance workflows including monitoring, processing and administrative
Other duties as assigned
Skills/Education:
Minimum 4 years' experience in Service Delivery.
ITIL certification or relevant experience with ITIL implementations required.
Experience with ServiceNow Preferred
Solid leadership and communication skills (written and verbal)
Proven ability to work in a high pressure, client facing environment.
Solid problem-solving skills; must be detailed and results oriented.
Strong time management/planning skills, must be able to allocate resources for a 24x7 on call support environment
SQL Server Studio, EDI, XML, FTP, SCOM, ActiveBatch, BASIC, MS Office Suite
#LI-BY1

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled",2.9,"HSA Bank
2.9","Milwaukee, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
117,Data Scientist/ Analyst,"$70k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our Renewables Operations team in Houston, TX or Chicago, IL as a Renewable Generation Performance Engineer.

In this role, you will be responsible for support functions relating to solar generation facilities betterment, facilities efficiency of monitoring and reporting (via automation), plant performance measurements, and maintain supplier and service provider relationships as it relates to generation portfolio performance. This position reports directly to the Director Performance Monitoring & Analytics.

What you’ll do:
Help facilitate improvement / automation of operations and reporting tasks via SQL procedures, and other script languages.
Work with site engineers to monitor and evaluate equipment and system performance by examining and trending the results of condition-monitoring activities, reviewing equipment failures, analyzing availability/reliability information. Follow-up actions, based on identified problems, trends, and root cause determinations, are timely and effective.
Improve solar site performance by providing recommendations regarding availability, production and reliability issues/initiatives to Engie site and senior level management.
Lead standardization of operations and maintenance and engineering processes including reporting functions
Work with various internal and external groups including engineering and technical support personnel, site operating personnel and Engie global performance teams other teams in Asset Management.
Support the site in developing (RCA’s) for inverters, trackers, and panel faults and failures and work OEM ‘s to provide upgrades and develop implementation plans to remedy.
Manage solar equipment suppliers’ technical resources to ensure focus on priorities and achieve performance improvement targets by being ENGIE’s technical point of contact.
Support operational reviews, solar site commissioning, end of warranty inspections and procurement to ensure proper equipment selection and operation
Ability to travel for short term assignments as required.
Act as a team member with all employees of the solar sites and collaborate with members of the ENGIE team at other sites across various businesses.
Work multiple projects concurrently including supporting future business development projects.

Qualifications

What you bring:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or computer science required, computer credits certifications a plus.
Minimum two years of relevant experience.
Desired working knowledge of wind and/or solar power generation equipment, and applicable SCADA control and HMI systems.
Possess strong planning, scheduling and project management skills with the ability to plan and work independently.
Possess strong computer and analytical skills; ability to use and program databases (SQL, Python, Pearl, BASH). Expertise of Microsoft Office (excel pivot tables, advanced formula’s)
Expertise using VM environments like Virtual box, Azure and AWS.
Desired working knowledge of Linux.
Must have and be able to maintain a valid driver’s license.

Why ENGIE?
ENGIE North America isn’t just participating in the Zero-Carbon transition, we’re leading it! Join us as we develop energy that is more renewable, more efficient and more accessible to everyone.

Unite with us in leading the transformation of the world of energy! ENGIE is looking for talented and motivated individuals to create the future of energy and customer solutions. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity to help customers meet their energy challenges today and in the future. Are you up for the challenge?

ENGIE is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability.

This job advertisement is supported by the ENGIE Talent Acquisition team. All related inquiries must be communicated through Talent Acquisition and not directed to ENGIE North America Managers. Failure to follow the ENA process may result in nonpayment of agency fees.

Job
: Operations / Production sites
Primary Location
: North America-United States-Texas-Houston North America-United States-Illinois-Chicago
Organization
: ENA Renewables
Schedule
: Full-time
Nature of Responsibility
: Senior professionnal / Team leader

Job Posting
: Aug 28, 2020, 11:06:48 PM",3.7,"ENGIE North America Inc.
3.7","Houston, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
118,1802646 - SAS Programmer - Data Exports (Laboratory Clinical Data Analyst),"$43k-$72k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Q2 Solutions is a leading clinical trial laboratory services organization with end-to-end laboratory services and secure, enterprise-wide biospecimen and consent management solutions. With a relentless focus on quality and innovation, Q2 Solutions uses its global experience and scientific expertise to transform science and data into actionable medical insights that help customers improve human health. A joint venture of IQVIA (formerly QuintilesIMS) and Quest Diagnostics, Q2 Solutions combines the best of each parent organization’s clinical trials laboratory services capabilities to fulfill its mission of treating each sample as if a life depends on it.

Summary:
We are looking for applicants with varying levels of Data Management, Data Transfer and/or data programming experience. This role provides Data Management support as part of a team to perform delivery of data files through the full Laboratory Data Management (LDM) project life-cycle. They will serve as the point of contact for clients, communicate internally and externally to drive resolution of issues impacting the transfer of data files. We need detail oriented candidates with solid skills to work independently with the ability to recognize when to seek assistance from others. They’ll be supporting other team members as needed by serving as back-up and through mentoring junior analysts. Candidates must be able to comprehend and comply with core standard operating procedures and work instructions.

We are currently looking for applicants with varying levels of Data Management, Laboratory or Data Transfer experience to join us in Q2 Lab Solutions, Marietta, GA.
This role provides Data Management support as part of a team to manage delivery of projects through the full Laboratory Data Management (LDM) project life-cycle.
To meet our needs, the successful applicants will be able to:
• Serve as primary Laboratory Data Management (LDM) point of contact for clients of assigned projects.
• Manage the development and delivery of data-transfers from the Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS), which meet client data reporting needs.
• Understand and verify error-logs generated from Data Transfer programs and communicate effectively to the programming/support team to resolve issues.
• Establish and maintain strong internal and external customer relationships.
• Ensure service and quality meet agreed upon timelines and deliverables detailed in the Data Transmission Agreement.
• Work with client data managers and internal team to project-manage: finances, processes, timelines, workload projection, resources, issue escalation and out-of-scope work.
• Identify database set-up and programming gaps, and resolve using appropriate escalation and communication (both external and internal). Providing corrective and preventive action plans where required.
• Ensure timely follow-up and resolution of compliance issues.
• Assist in developing and implementing new processes and technology.
• Participate in and support the Request For Proposal (RFP) process : review RFP documents, pricing, may attend bid defense.
• Serve as back-up for other Data Managers where required.
• Understand and comply with core standard operating procedures and working instructions.
• Train and mentor junior DM staff where appropriate.
• Perform other duties as directed by the functional manager.

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.

Apply Now!",3.0,"Q2 Solutions
3.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
119,Sr. Data Analyst - Supply Chain Management,"$52k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","You will like working for us as we have amazing people and a highly collaborative culture. Global success hasn’t changed our tight-knit feel – we’ve simply grown into a larger, more diverse family. We have thousands of jobs around the globe and encourage all of our associates to chase their dreams without having to find them in another company – it truly is a special place.

Under the direction of Manager, Center of Excellence this position is responsible for managing and creating spend analysis, operations reports, and compliance tracking for assigned Supply Management spend globally. This position ensures the accuracy, distribution, and integrity of the data. Specific duties include, but are not limited to:
Build and edit dashboards catered to Supply Management’s KPIs - blending data sources where required
Leverage the latest reporting technology to develop sophisticated dashboards that provide thought-provoking insights and enhance the visibility of direct and indirect spend data
Ability to learn, understand, and deploy new reporting and analysis tools
Experience creating meaningful data visualizations
Design and run reports for improved spend visibility, compliance and identification of productivity opportunities Distribute reports to senior leaders, division general managers, Supply Management and others as needed
Evaluate, implement and deploy new tools to assist in data analytics, market research and other aspects of data analysis
Proactively identify and lead process improvements to data analysis and reporting processes across area of responsibility
Lead data mining required for accurate spend reporting.
Coordinate data maintenance required for Oracle. Ariba, or other system (supplier, item, commodity code, etc.).
Perform routine spend analysis in support of Supply Management sourcing events.
Provide summary and detail trend analysis of spend globally.
Develop and provide reporting for both internal and end customer diversity reporting, contract management, supplier performance, and e-procurement systems.
Develop and conduct routine data audits to verify data accuracy. Identify and address root causes of problems with data integrity.
Enforce standardization of supplier and purchased item data.
Ensure linkage of tools with effective Supply Management and Logistics practices.
This position is in a perfect location at our corporate headquarters in Hartsville, SC and close to exciting destinations (Myrtle Beach, SC; Charleston, SC; Columbia, SC and Charlotte, NC).

Requirements:
Strong use and understanding of data visualization, extraction and/or analysis tools, preferably with at least 5 years of experience
This position will require advanced computer skills with the ability to quickly master emerging technologies.
Excellent communication skills are needed to interact with different levels within the company.
Preferred experience in Supply Management or Logistics experience to understand terminology and philosophy and how the data can translate into results.
We care about the health and wellness of you and your family. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package that makes it easier to manage your health and provide financial security for you and your family. In addition, we offer competitive wages and retirement plans.

Apply today and help us grow stronger.

For more information, visit www.sonoco.com/careers

#LI-JF1

#GDSponsored

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any legally protected characteristic.",4.0,"Sonoco Products
4.0","Hartsville, SC",-1,10000+ Employees,1899,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
120,"Analyst, Enterprise Data Office","$38k-$68k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description Summary

The HarbourVest Enterprise Data Office acts as a facilitator and coordinator of data governance, data acquisition, and data strategy across the organization. The Analyst will be responsible for measuring data quality, performing root cause analysis, building data remediation plans, implementing data controls, reviewing and maintaining data quality standards, as well as other activities oriented towards improving data management across the organization.

Job Skills & Abilities
Experience doing data analysis is required
Strong analytical capabilities
Comfortable working with large datasets and multiple data sources
Good communication and persuasion skills
Demonstrated understanding of data quality principles and measurement
Project team experience is a plus
Highly proactive and self-motivated with the ability to meet objectives under minimal supervision
Strong presentation abilities
Experience working in an enterprise or cross-functional role is a plus
Private Equity industry knowledge is a plus
Excellent organization skills
Good time management capabilities
Strong affinity for data and attention to detail
Experience using data management tools is a plus
Responsibilities

Data Quality Monitoring and Reporting: 75%
Monitor and report on data quality across the organization, particularly for designated Critical Data Elements
Create and update data quality dashboards for respective data domains on a regular (monthly) basis
Design and develop data quality monitoring, including the development of data quality rules, thresholds and metrics for key investment management data concepts
Prepare materials for regular routines with business and IT stakeholders
Participate in data quality issue root cause analysis and assist in designing action plans for remediation
Partner with domain data stewards to deep dive into data quality issues
Stay current with industry trends on data quality evaluation strategies, automation techniques and data visualization tools
Data Strategy and Standards: 25%
Maintain Enterprise Data Office SharePoint site, including the business glossary
Assist in creating data policies and procedures and ensure teams adhere to these standards
Define and measure cross-domain performance against data quality standards
Education

BS/BA or equivalent

Work Experience

2-5 years of relevant experience",3.9,"Harbourvest
3.9","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
121,IT Data Analyst,"$34k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","An IT Data Analyst is responsible for working as part of a team to create, enhance and maintain custom reports that are relied upon to effectively and efficiently run the business. An IT Data Analyst is also heavily involved in the ETL process by helping to identify source systems for required data and assisting in the building of data cleansing procedures.

Develop custom reports to address business needs
Conduct exploratory meetings with business partners to generate ideas on how data and reporting can be used drive operational efficiencies, as well as new business opportunities
Participate in all aspects of Scrum, including but not limited to daily stand-ups, estimation meetings, demos and retrospectives
Work with vendors and the internal software development team to retrieve and manage required data
Design tables in the data warehouse in such a way that enables drilldown reporting
Create and update stored procedures that are part of the ETL process
Assist in the automation of manual data analytic efforts

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Degree in Data Analytics or equivalent experience
2+ years creating reports in a BI tool
At least 1 year of professional experience writing queries in SQL/T-SQL
At least 1 year of professional experience working in a relational database
PowerBI experience a plus
Strong analytical skills
Detail oriented with the ability to multitask
Self-motivated individual with excellent written and verbal communication skills
A willingness to work both independently and in a team-oriented environment
This employer participates in E-Verify. If hired, the employer will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.",4.1,"Union Home Mortgage
4.1","Strongsville, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
122,Data Analyst Senior,"$48k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst Senior

Analyze data and design/generate reports that evaluate program performance for both internal and external clients. Analyze industry trends and results to support strategies

GENERAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develop distribution ready reports, analyses, and presentations on book of business as well as individual clients or departments. Work closely with Sales Team to meet client data reporting needs
Create proactive analyses comparing our results to industry data to evaluate program performance for internal management and external clients
Identify and research anomalies and outliers in data
Conceive and execute new Anaplan solutions to support new business objectives and initiatives
Assist or lead department projects or initiatives
Prepare communication and makes presentations
Perform ad hoc data trend analysis and reporting
Conceive and execute new Anaplan solutions to support new business objectives and initiatives
Assist or lead department projects or initiatives
Prepare communication and makes presentations
Perform ad hoc data trend analysis and reporting
Conceive and execute new Anaplan solutions to support new business objectives and initiatives
Assist or lead department projects or initiatives
Prepare communication and makes presentations
Perform ad hoc data trend analysis and reporting
Conceive and execute new Anaplan solutions to support new business objectives and initiatives
Assist or lead department projects or initiatives
Prepare communication and makes presentations
Perform ad hoc data trend analysis and reporting
Conceive and execute new Anaplan solutions to support new business objectives and initiatives
Assist or lead department projects or initiatives
Prepare communication and makes presentations
Perform ad hoc data trend analysis and reporting
Identify problematic areas and conduct research to determine the best course of action to correct the data
Identify process improvement opportunities and work with key stakeholders to develop and implement effective solutions
Participates in high level business initiatives and assist with all levels of metric reporting
Report Automation- work with IT to publish reports based on business needs/requests
Performs the analysis, exploring all appropriate options, and performing constant validation against existing data/reporting throughout
Serves as data steward to validate high profile or external data to ensure accurate reporting
Monitor and perform trend analysis for the company and research report on anomalies
Proactively manage report development meeting the expectations of format and delivery timeframe
Develop optimal data management and reporting practices, including best practice identification
Client network usage analysis, and missed opportunity/leakage analysis
EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor’s Degree required in Economics, Business Administration, Finance or the equivalent combination of education, training, and work experience.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES:

Knowledge of One Call’s products and services
Beginner to Intermediate to SQL querying skills
Advanced working knowledge of Microsoft Excel
Business Objects/Business Intelligence experience desirable
Typically requires experience in relational database structures, research methods, sampling techniques, and system testing
Proficient in working with large-scale business data sets, fluent in scripting and rapid prototyping skills including expertise in SAS, WEKA, SPSS, as well as C/C++/SQL, Perl or Java
Excellent written and oral communication skills, especially in conveying technical concepts to non-technical audiences
Strong attention to detail to ensure accuracy and provide validation of results
Strong analytical skills and ability to identify appropriate analytical approaches depending on the business need

Data Analyst Senior

Advanced professional role. Expert/lead role. Highly-skilled with extensive proficiency. Develops large and/or complex solutions that require analysis and research. Works on multiple projects as a project leader or frequently as the subject matter expert. Works on projects/issues of medium to high complexity that require demonstrated knowledge across multiple analytical areas and business segments. Coaches and mentors more junior data analysts. Works under minimal supervision on complex projects. Wide latitude for independent judgment. Typically requires a minimum of eight years’ experience in analytics, data science, business intelligence or decision support functions in technology, management consulting or related industries with mastery level excel experience and strong proficiency in SQL database.

EEO Employer

841 Prudential Dr, Suite 204
Jacksonville, Florida, 32207
United States",3.2,"One Call
3.2","Jacksonville, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
123,Data Analyst,"$38k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About the role:

Dodge Data & Analytics is searching for a Data Analyst who will responsible for the production, support, and maintenance of custom Dodge Research and Analytics products and services. The Analyst will work closely with the Dodge sales force and will serve as part of a team for the Analytics group customers in the support and use of their products.

What you'll do:
Work in a group of 4-6 analysts to provide regular data analysis and delivery of ongoing services to a set of clients.
Support clients by providing an understanding of our proprietary data and its application to their business and industry.
Work in a PC based environment using a variety of software and database packages to provide data analysis and production of numerous client-specific deliveries.
Work directly with specific customers as the key contact for certain information services.
Build strong relationships with the internal sales team to enhance existing services and to support new business opportunities.
Maintain quality standards in all client deliveries.
Develop a thorough knowledge of Dodge Analytics databases and products.
Work with the Analytics sales specialists in supporting our products with customers and supporting any efforts to maintain or enhance our current client relationships. This will eventually include some direct client contact by telephone and email.
What you'll bring:
Strong analytical and problem-solving ability, self-motivated team player, and capable of working in an independent atmosphere with minimal supervision.
Technical proficiency with database (Microsoft Access) and spreadsheet (Excel) applications beneficial.
Strong written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills, including the ability to effectively interact with both customers and team members. The Data Analyst will be a direct point of contact for customers whose services are assigned to him/her.
Familiarity with basic business analysis.
BA/BS or more required
0-3 years of professional experience required.
Dodge Data & Analytics is committed to leveraging the talent of a diverse workforce to create great opportunities for our business and our people. EOE/AA. Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Disability/Veteran",2.6,"Dodge Data & Analytics
2.6","Bedford, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
124,Quantitative Data Analyst,"$60k-$63k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Cogo Labs, we build startup companies from scratch. We are looking for entry level analysts to join our team as Quantitative Data Analysts.

We're not venture capitalists we're a collaborative team of engineers, analysts, and entrepreneurs using innovative tools, big data, and intellectual curiosity to build a platform that spins up successful online businesses, fast. We are committed to hiring analysts with diverse backgrounds in all industries such as finance, marketing, sales, data management, quantitative analysis, and mathematics.

As a Cogo Labs Quantitative Data Analyst, you'll run and grow business lines within our incubator. You'll design and implement marketing programs, analyze performance metrics, and use the insights you gain to drive growth in audience engagement and revenue. Your expertise, ideas, and hard work will have a direct and immediate impact on the success of your project.

What to expect from Cogo:
Near obsessive use of data to inform business decisions. We believe that efficient growth happens when we make every decision based on solid, well directed analysis.
Unmatched opportunity. We believe in mentoring people to grow as quickly as they can. Today's new grad hires are tomorrow's leaders.
Flexibility and novelty. Your role will define itself over time, as you identify the problems that you are uniquely capable of solving.
A fun, supportive culture. Happy employees are the most successful. We take care of our own, and not just because it's good business.

What we expect from you:
A bachelor's degree in a field that requires deep analytical thinking and problem solving. Many of us have Math, Econ, Engineering, or Comp Sci backgrounds, but applications from all quantitative fields are welcome.
0-2 years of experience in an analytics focused role.
Flexibility and self motivation. We value the willingness to wear many hats and the commitment to work on whatever needs to get done.
The ability to make a strong (data driven) case when presenting findings and recommendations, while remaining curious and receptive to feedback.
Demonstrated ability to work effectively as part of a team, and dedication to helping your teammates learn.
Passions and interests outside of work you aren't just your resume.
Bonus points if you've previously been responsible for a business unit's bottom line.
You are:
Analytically minded: Data-driven; believes in the value of making decisions on the basis of rigorous, empirical processes
Articulate: Clearly states project missions, update, decisions, and rationales verbally and in writing
Enthusiastic: Passionate about work; brings a can-do attitude to all activities
Entrepreneurial: Track record of good decision-making and eager to take on a wide variety of analytical and business roles and responsibilities
Flexible: Adjusts quickly to changing priorities and conditions; enjoys working in and thrives in a rapidly changing environment
Focused on results: biased for action; focused on specific goals and resistant to distraction
Open to Feedback: Actively asks for advice; eager to receive performance feedback and responds positively to suggestions and constructive criticism
Ownership: What happens or doesn't happen within your project is your responsibility
Proactive: Acts without being told what to do when appropriate; develops new ideas and self-guides within broader mission
Self-reflective: Considers work in the context of the entire organization; thinks about self-improvement
Supportive: Actively helps fellow team members and treats them with respect and kindness
Work Ethic: Possesses a strong willingness to work hard and sometimes to work long hours to get the job done.
If you're reading this and questioning whether you should apply, apply! There's no such thing as a perfect candidate, and we don't expect you to check every box. We're inspired by the uniqueness that people like you bring to the table. The companies that we incubate are only as innovative as the breadth of lived experiences shared by the teams building them. We can't wait to read your application!

Cogo Labs is an equal opportunity employer and individuals seeking employment with us are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.6,"Cogo Labs
3.6","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
125,Senior Data Analyst,-1,"Please do not apply through Glassdoor; the application form needs to be completed in order to be considered. TO APPLY, VISIT: https://grnh.se/eb8d01633us.

About Us: At Emendata, we help bridge the gap between data and the real world. We partner with organizations that have a social mission and help them tackle their problems using analytics. Our role in these partnerships goes end to end—we handle everything from wrangling the data to analyzing the problem to turning the results into something actionable. Importantly, we understand that this analytics pipeline does not live in a vacuum. Getting to meaningful numbers requires more than just the right methods; it calls for understanding the people, policies, data, and systems involved. With this approach, our small but fast-growing team is having a big impact, taking on challenges like using analytics to combat fraud, waste, and abuse in Medicare.
About the Role: This role leads the way in producing analytics that reflect a deep level of understanding and a high degree of quality. We are looking for you to:
Take analyses from end to end: Understand the client’s problem, identify the right research question, plan the methodology, corral the data, code the analysis, interpret the results, craft the deliverable, and communicate the story
Apply a research mentality: Use all tools at our disposal (documentation, policy regulations, data investigations, etc.) to make sound analytic decisions
Help the team deliver its best work: Turn direction from clients/senior staff into tactical plans and work closely with data analysts to help them implement (conducting code reviews, teaching/reinforcing analytic strategies, etc.)
This role will be a good fit for people who naturally push towards progress and are undeterred when that requires a lot of effort or stepping into unfamiliar territory. Emendata is growing rapidly, and we are looking for people who are excited to march forward together.
Qualifications: If you do not meet all the criteria below but still think you would be a good fit for this role, please apply so we can see if we can find the right spot for you on the team. We value experience but also welcome aptitude and enthusiasm.
Education: Bachelor’s or master’s degree in a quantitative field or equivalent technical training
Programming: Experience with SAS is a must (comfortable with SAS macro language, advanced DATA step techniques such as hashes, and PROC SQL); experience with Python, Stata, R, or SQL is a plus
Technical Mentorship: Demonstrated experience with reviewing code and providing feedback
Data Management: Comfortable with the process of importing, cleaning, and preparing data for analysis in a reproducible way
Analysis: Exceptional problem-solving skills with a good understanding of statistical/social science research methods; 4+ years hands-on experience in an analytics role (e.g., economic consulting)
Working Style: Intellectually curious (keep pulling on threads until finding an answer), enterprising (eager to tackle the unknown and find a way to make things happen), and collaborative (work with others to explore, build, tear down, and build again)
To be considered for this position, applicants must have the ability to work in the U.S. without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.
About the Interview Process: We want both sides to learn what it would be like to work together. Part way through the interview process, we incorporate a lightweight at-home exercise that serves as the basis for a technical interview. The exercise gives us an outlet to show you what kind of problems this role would tackle and offers you an opportunity to show us how you would approach the work.",-1,Emendata,"Burlingame, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
126,Data Quality Analyst,"$57k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Quality Analyst
10662
Tempe, AZ
3/25/2020 5:47:00 PM

Quality Engineering
Contractor - W2

Job Description
Good data analysis skills
Hands on experience with data profiling, DQ scorecard and profile creation, identifying DQ rules – Informatica Data Quality Analyst experience preferred
Good communication skills – ability to interact with business users to share data profiling results and get feedback
Experience working with Collibra, MDM will be a nice to have
Ability to liaison with IT partners and perform UAT
Financial background is required.
7-8 years of experience is required

Job Requirements",3.8,"IntraEdge
3.8","Tempe, AZ",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
127,Data Analyst,-1,"Our client, a video game company, is seeking a Data Analyst to join their team.

You will be responsible to:

Create reports and dashboards that will support people across the team in making effective decisions and that help us better understand our operational and team health
Help team members dig into data related questions and support them on emergent issues
Visualize and develop dashboards and reports to help support effective decision making throughout Player Support
Work with stakeholders and the Product Owner of Player Support Insights to ensure that you have a strong understanding of data needs and reporting requirements
Partner with team members across Player Support as questions arise to answer their data-related questions and ensure they have the information to make effective decisions

Musts:

Bachelor’s degree in Economics, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Management Information Systems or a related discipline
Minimum 2 years of professional work experience in finance or consulting, developing dashboards and reporting, analyzing large data sets, visualizing information, cost modeling, and informing company strategy OR a Master’s degree in Economics, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Management Information Systems or a related discipline
Strong business insight
Ability to collaborate with cross-disciplinary teammates
Knowledgeable in SQL or other relational database approaches
Advanced in Excel (can perform complex functions), PowerPoint, and/or Tableau
Excellent communication and organizational skills
Experience with analysis related to support teams or operational teams is a plus
Ideal candidate will find success through their expertise, a collaborative spirit, and decision-making that prioritizes

Employer Details:
Onward Search is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in an employment with regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal, state and local laws and ordinances. Candidates must be at least 18 years old to be considered for employment. EOE/M/F/D/V/SO.
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
The client is unable to support 1099 / Corp-to-Corp or Independent Contractor arrangements at this time. All freelancers will be paid as W2 employees.
Onward Search is a drug-free workplace.",3.5,"Onward Search
3.5","Los Angeles, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
128,Data Services Analyst/Reporting Expert,-1,"Position Number: 347347

Location: San Jose, CA 95113

Position Type: Temporary

Required Skill Set:
Hadoop, Hive, NoSQL

Position Description:
*C2C is not available**
*Only U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. can be considered as W2 candidates.**
Title:Data Services Analyst/Reporting Expert
Duration:9/2020-9/2021
Location:San Jose, CA

Day to Day Responsibilities of this Position and Description of Project:

The Data Services Analyst will be responsible for implementing process and system improvements that will increase efficiency within the company to provide better operational system support to customers. Additionally, the Data Services Analyst will gather requirements, perform analysis, support development and test processes as well as understand the applications, data and associated technologies for supported areas.

An understanding of non-traditional data systems is a plus, e.g. Hadoop, Hive, NoSQL, Document Stores, Caches and Queues is a plus. Familiarity with data processing security, regulations and laws is helpful

#CBRose#",4.4,"Rose International
4.4","San Jose, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
129,Senior Data Analyst,-1,"You will be a crucial member of the team tasked with capturing data workflows and use cases across EQRx and turn them into reproducible, democratizable tools on a modern data tech stack, enabling faster and more successful drug development. You will map how data is used to understand the complex web of interrelationships in taking drugs from a pharmaceutical company to a patient. You will translate and harden these workflows to a modern data tech stack in collaboration with data scientists and engineers.
You will understand how clinical scientists and staff capture, maintain, and use data and use these insights to organize data across EHR (Electronic Health Record), clinical trial, and other data sources. You will integrate data across sources and use cases (e.g. pricing, claims, and clinical) to enable end users to see across EQRx’s data asset to improve our program design, operations, opportunity targeting, pricing, and access. You will assist in building a digital-native life sciences company, identifying and prioritizing areas to pursue, where data tools could inform decision making throughout EQRx.
The Impact You Will Have
You will enable experts across EQRx to look across datasets to identify key opportunities to dramatically reduce prices and expand access to novel drugs, connecting information across market data, patient claims and adherence, and clinical datasets to enable experts to pinpoint the most salient opportunities for developing novel, more accessible medicines. This person will speed the development and trialing of novel medicines by bringing a digital and data native technology stack to drug development, powering a modern, and radically new paradigm in drug development.
Your Superpowers
You have a Bachelors or Masters degree in a quantitative scientific, or social scientific field, e.g. biology, engineering, economics, etc.
You have 5+ years of experience in industry (Life sciences background a major plus).
You are skilled at building insightful visualizations in a modern dashboarding tool (e.g. Mode, Looker, Spotfire); experience with D3.js a plus.
You are fluent in SQL and comfortable in a scripting language such as python.
You have worked with modern cloud data warehousing tools (e.g. BigQuery, Snowflake) and ETL tools (e.g. Stitch, Fivetran, DBT).
You are an excellent communicator, empathetic with end users and internal customers. You can translate a problem from a description of a business process to organization of data and pipelines.
You have a quick, flexible mind; always looking for clever ways to connect data and transform processes to a modern, digital and data native architecture.
You possess strong communication, organizational and presentation skills.
You can participate and work effectively on multiple cross-functional teams.
You play well in the sandbox. You understand relationships are key and have strong interpersonal skills.
Teams love working with you and learning from you.
You can thrive in a smaller company environment and love the pace of a true startup.
You’re a team player who is willing to roll-up your sleeves and get the job done.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
130,Client Experience Data Analyst,"$40k-$74k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Client Experience Data Analyst
Location: Atlanta, GA
Department: Client Support
Type: Full Time
Min. Experience: 4+ years

Our Data Analyst will have a passion for using data to solve complex problems through root cause analysis, trend analysis and other analysis techniques. Their talent will be evident for finding compelling stories in customer, operational and financial data that inform the business with easy to follow conclusions and actionable recommendations. The story told will be objective to inform the business, no matter where the data takes them. This person enjoys the act of strategically thinking through the problem and then executing the analysis hands-on by manipulating large datasets using computer languages and analytics tools.

Our Data Analyst role will support the ongoing success of the OxBlue Client Experience team and support other reporting needs for the OxBlue Operations Team. This individual will provide insight and analysis to promote execution, productivity and the growth of OxBlue. In addition, you will be an advisor to OxBlue leadership through your analytics and reporting, to enhance the client experience and employee experience, with the objective of driving executional excellence throughout OxBlue.

As the Client Experience Data Analyst you would:
Provide reporting and commentary to the Vice President of Client Experience and other OxBlue senior leaders to drive business objectives such as improving client experience, employee engagement and profitable revenue growth
Identify, develop and maintain reporting around key success metrics
Develop self-service data tools
Analyze large amounts of information from multiple sources to discover trends and patterns and uncover solutions to business problems
Create models to forecast results of various enhancements to product, technology or procedural changes
Oversee data transmission and automation development, validation and maintenance from internal and external sources
Other analytical and process improvement projects as needed
You Have:
4+ years of related business, financial or data analytics experience
Strong organizational skills and high attention to detail to meet deadlines
Ability to work independently and with little supervision in a project management-like environment
Strong communication skills
1-3 year experience with a data visual program like PowerBI, Alteryx, Tableau or Qlik
Experience with survey tools
Enjoys researching and generating insights to solve problems
SQL coding proficiency
Bachelors degree (Finance, Math, Statistics, Business Administration, Analytics, IT or related field) preferred or equivalent experience
Bonus Points For:
Experience with the following survey tools: Satmetrix, Qualtrics, Medallia or Survey Monkey
Experience with using both customer experience and operations experience data to make recommendations for continuous improvement projects preferred
Our Perks:
Health insurance paid 100% for employee and 50% for family
Dental insurance paid 100% for employee
401k with company match
A fun work environment: casual dress, free snacks, complimentary massages and great parties
Investment in your professional development with internal promotions, continuing education, and tuition reimbursement
Paid sabbatical program: 4 weeks every 5 years
An award-winning culture recognized for its high level of employee satisfaction
Long-term disability paid 100% for employee
Life/AD&D
Paid Parental leave
The above summary of benefits is subject to change, is for informational purposes only and does not create any contract rights to benefits.

If you have what it takes and are looking for a company committed to the success of its clients and its people, we want to hear from you.

Diversity and Inclusion are important to OxBlue. We value the diversity of thought that comes from working with people from varied backgrounds. Our continuous improvement and ability to serve our customers depend on creating a workplace that brings out the best in everyone. Thats why we are committed to continuing to create an atmosphere of positivity, happiness and inclusion.",4.4,"OxBlue Corporation
4.4","Atlanta, GA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
131,SQL Developer/Data Analyst,"$46k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Corbins Electric, we believe people are first! Our teammates, our partners, and our customers can expect that we genuinely care to serve them and look out for their best interests. Our culture is built on the cornerstone of our Core Values – Passion, Relationships, Innovation, Development and Excellence! They set our expectation of each and every employee and are integrated in everything we do. As one of the largest electrical contractors in the Southwest and an industry leader in virtual construction, fabrication, electrical construction, and electrical service, we continually look for people who share in our Core Values to better themselves and contribute to our mission of changing the construction industry as empowered thought leaders.
As the SQL Developer/Data Analyst you will be providing cutting edge analysis of financial and construction data. You will work with key stakeholders to design processes and present data in a meaningful way to help drive business decisions. You will design the database structure and basic workflows for reimagined processes while ensuring data integrity. You will get the opportunity to drive the entire process from start to finish: inception to finished product that we put in our users hands.

Build databases and write database transactions
Develop database structures to accurately and efficiently store data from new or existing processes
Develop the front end for basic CRUD apps to map these in a platform called Xalt (rapid app development platform) using the database structures created
Build Basic UI components to display data and processes in Xalt
Develop SQL stored procedures that produce and manipulate data in a useful way
Utilize different data sources to provide connected data analysis
Develop SQL analysis queries to produce insights about the company
Continuously work with key stakeholders to clean up data and streamline data analysis

Advanced skill in T-SQL, stored procedures, and common table expressions (CTE)
Ability to develop appropriate relational database structures given requirements
Ability to work with different data sources and consolidate the information
Understanding of object oriented design concepts
Understanding of programming paradigms and best practices
Basic UX/UI understanding
Passionate to understand business environments and translate business needs into technical requirements to provide technical solutions for the business.
Enjoys working with key stakeholders and business leaders to develop requirements and adept at communicating technical ideas to non-technical audiences”
Ability to handle multiple tasks in a detailed efficient manner
Enjoys working in a team environment
PowerBI or other data visualization experience is preferred, but not required
Education/Certifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field",3.8,"Corbins Electric
3.8","Phoenix, AZ",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1975,Company - Private,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
132,Data Scientist Risk Analyst,"$50k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Oasis Systems has an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst to support the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) in Washington, DC.
The successful candidate shall provide support in data analytics, Python, data visualization, dashboards and use of data analytic tools. Activities which the contractor may be tasked to perform include gathering requirements from stakeholders, conducting financial data analysis and risk analysis in a Big Data environment, and creating interactive dashboard reports and documentations.

LOCATION: Washington, DC

JOB STATUS: Full-Time

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Certifications, Experience, Skills)

SECURITY CLEARANCE: Ability to pass a Special Agreement Check (SAC) and a National Agency Check and Inquires (NACI) Background Investigation

EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree

CERTIFICATIONS AND TOOLS: Certifications in Data Analytics program languages such as Python and R preferred but not required. Experience with Global Risk product a plus, but not required.

EXPERIENCE LEVEL: A minimum of 8 years of relevant experience in the data analysis field and a minimum of 5 years of industrial analytics experience using Python (recent use during the past 3 years) as well as extensive experience with SQL.
Specific experience with financial or market risk analysis is a Must.

DESCRIPTION: Functionally, the candidate will be responsible for:

Work closely with the customer to gather and document project requirements.
Perform data manipulation and advanced data analysis including financial modeling, data mining, and Machine Learning techniques.
Perform risk analysis which may include a broad range of financial risk measures, (such as Value at Risk (VaR): computation and evaluation, VaR tracking (VaR evolution over time), Incremental (and marginal) VaR calculation for individual asset classes /positions, conditional VaR, stress testing).
Test each project thoroughly before presenting it to the task order project manager for quality control. Document test results as part of the project closeout documentation.
Create documentation as required under the PMLC and the Configuration Change Board (CCB) in order to move projects to the production environment.
Coordinate with internal and external organizations providing data to understand and resolve improper data formatting and other integration issues.
Participate in facilitated meetings between stakeholders at CFTC which may include regular status meetings, user acceptance testing meetings and ad hoc development discussions.
Data analysis tasks may be varied. They will include complex data requests that require data mining, extraction, and query optimization services from Divisions throughout the CFTC.
Assist business users, economists, statisticians, and others, as required, to support effective use of analytic techniques and CFTC-approved tools to meet the customers various analytic needs.

Who We Are

Oasis Systems is a premier provider of customer-driven, cost-effective and quality Engineering Services; Enterprise Systems and Applications; Human Factors Engineering; Information Technology and Cyber Security; Professional Services; and Specialized Engineering Solutions to the Department of Defense, FAA, NRC and other federal agencies.

We strive to be an exciting and welcoming company that attracts, develops, motivates and retains the most talented, skilled and dedicated people in the industry; where they are encouraged to achieve personal excellence, purpose, and their full potential and career aspirations; while supporting mission-critical national security technologies and programs.

Oasis Systems is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of any legally protected characteristic including, but not limited to, race, color, religion, national origin, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, ancestry, age, medical condition, military veteran status or on the basis of physical handicap which, with reasonable accommodation, render the application to satisfactorily perform the job available.",3.7,"Oasis Systems LLC
3.7","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
133,Senior Data Analyst - Tableau (Remote/Virtual),"$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Do you have a passion for creating dynamic and visually appealing visualizations with Tableau? Enjoy doing complex, sophisticated calculations within Tableau?

This Senior Data Analyst role will include building and maintaining Tableau dashboards. The maintenance of dashboards will include updating the dashboards and updating calculations. To be able to complete the maintenance of the dashboards, it will be important that you understand how joins operate, the difference between context and dimension filters, and LOD calculations. When we build new dashboards, it is important that we can make visualizations that are both engaging and easy for people to understand.

If this is you, Apply Today!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to serve as key resource/SME in collection and analysis of data from multiple sources for the development of reports and statistical information. In this role, you will complete complex, sophisticated calculations within Tableau by utilizing multiple sources of raw data and summarizing calculations in Tableau with the raw data.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Formulates, defines and recommends scope and format of reports.
Oversees provision of ad hoc management reports.
May provide leadership, orientation, training, coaching, and mentoring to staff on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Identifies data trends and makes recommendations for quality improvement.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Technical degree required
Bachelors Degree preferred - Data Scientist, Data Analyst, Statistics, Mathematics, Actuarial Science, or similar degree.
Work Experience:
3 years of experience preferred.
Tableau experience of 3 years highly desired
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the links below for more information.

E-Verify Right to Work (links to E-verify sites)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
134,Data Integration Analyst,-1,"About Us


Riskified is the AI platform powering the eCommerce revolution. We use cutting-edge technology, machine-learning algorithms, and behavioral analytics to identify legitimate customers and keep them moving toward checkout. Merchants use Riskified to increase revenue, prevent fraud, and eliminate customer friction. Riskified has reviewed hundreds of millions of transactions and approved billions of dollars of revenue for merchants across virtually all industries, including a number of Fortune 500 companies.

About the Role


As a Data Integration Analyst at Riskified, you will be using technical skills, analytical insights and business perspective to ensure we have the most accurate and complete data set from each client. You will be responsible for helping new and existing customers to ensure they are receiving the best performance possible and leading the change on processing the data of the largest eCommerce merchants in the world. Riskified's clients come in many different sizes and industries, use different technical platforms, and each one has their own unique data concerns and order flows that have to be uniquely assessed. Our team is the one to fully capture these aspects and recommend the best implementation as well as point out any possible issues.

What You'll Be Doing


Supporting the onboarding of new customers by completing the following:
Working with some of the largest companies in the world to perform comprehensive analysis of their data
Perform due diligence of business models and flows
Data modeling as part of the integration architecture
Combining the technical, business and analytical objectives to come up with tailored solutions for onboarding merchants
Data wrangling & sanitization
Prioritize, track, and communicate data issues internally and externally
Become the subject matter expert of riskified product and technology
Work closely with analysts, research and data science teams to accommodate changes in industry data
Monitoring and resolving data irregularities of existing customers by completing the following:
Monitor key health indicators and automated alerts
Identify, research, and offer system-wide solutions for common issues
Work closely with Account Management to engage customers
Qualifications


Candidates must be eligible to work in the U.S. for other than practical training, without any Visa sponsorship (including OPT Visas)
3+ years of experience in a data-centric industry role (ETL, DBA, etc.)
2+ years with SQL or NoSQL databases
2+ years experience with data wrangling (R, Python for data processing)
2+ years with optimizing technical processes
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Eagerness to learn new technical concepts
Strong analytical skills and attention to detail
Life at Riskified


We are a fast-growing and dynamic startup with 500+ team members between our offices in Tel Aviv and New York City. We value collaboration and innovative thinking. We're looking for bright, driven, and passionate people to grow with us.

Some NYC Benefits & Perks:
Fully-covered medical, dental, and vision insurance from your first day
Stock options for all employees, 401(k) + matching, commuter benefits
Catered lunch, team events, healthy snacks, yoga, pilates, soccer league, and more
In The News


Fortune Magazine: 25 Best Workplaces in New York

Announcing Riskified's $165M Funding Round

Inc Magazine: Best Workplaces

Built In NYC: 100 Best Workplaces

Crain's: Best Places to Work in New York City

TechCrunch: Riskified Prevents Fraud on Your Favorite eCommerce Site

Calcalist: Riskified is the Most Promising Startup in 2019

Riskified is deeply committed to the principle of equal opportunity for all individuals. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by law.",4.5,"Riskified
4.5","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
135,Data Analyst,"$43k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:

Develop, implement, and maintain leading-edge analytic systems, taking complicated problems and building simple frameworks
Identify trends and opportunities for growth through analysis of complex data sets
Evaluate organizational methods and provide source-to-target mappings and information-model specification documents for data sets
Create best-practice reports based on data mining, analysis, and visualization
Evaluate internal systems for efficiency, problems, and inaccuracies, developing and maintaining protocols for handling, processing, and cleaning data
Work directly with management and users to gather requirements, provide status updates, and build relationships
Work closely with project managers to understand and maintain focus on their analytical needs, including identifying critical metrics and KPIs, and deliver actionable insights to relevant decision-makers
Proactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performance, investigating and communicating areas for improvement in efficiency and productivity
Create and maintain rich interactive visualizations through data interpretation and analysis integrating various reporting components from multiple data sources
Define and implement data and integration logic, selecting appropriate combination of methods and tools within defined technology stack to ensure optimal scalability and performance of the solution
Develop and maintain databases by acquiring data from primary and secondary sources, and build scripts that will make our data evaluation process more flexible or scalable across data sets (1.) Suggest design solutions (2.) To participate and facilitate the walkthrough’ to brief the Functional Specification mapping to Business Requirements. (3.) To prepare the functional specification document and ensure for completeness and storage. (4.) To prepare and / or aid the preparation of test cases in line with functional requirements (5.) To understand the business requirements and map it to functional specifications.

Required Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree in a related field and 2 years’ experience in Business Intelligence (BI) or Data Warehouses and 2 years’ experience working with SQL and Access. Four additional years of related experience will be considered in lieu of a Bachelor's degree.
5 years experience in quantitative analysis and statistical modeling (regression, correlation, clustering, etc.).
4 year of experience consulting or experience in a similar field requiring client collaboration, presentation, and delivery.
3 years experience using analytics tools and languages R, Python, SAS, Oracle and SQL etc.
3 years experience combining data sets, extracting key variables, and creating new variables to enhance modeling.
3 years experience performing basic ETL functions and understanding of data quality steps/measures.
US Citizen; no dual citizenship.
Minimum of a Secret Interim clearance to start (Day 1 requirement).
CompTIA Security+ certification required to start (Day 1 requirement).
Adept at using Access, Excel, Power Point and Word.
General Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence knowledge including data modeling and Key Performance Indicators (PKIs) preferably in the SAP Business Objects environment.
AWS experience highly desired

#ind#

CDO is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"CDO Technologies Inc
3.3","San Antonio, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
136,Business Data Analyst,"$42k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title:
Business Data Analyst

Location:
US, Texas, Plano
Role Overview:


McAfee is looking for a Data Analyst to join our team. You will analyze our Consumer Growth Marketing acquisition and Retention Business including digital channel performance, A/B testing, and more. You will be providing cross-department marketing insights to influence media systems, strategy, creative and content teams. You will report to the head of customer insights and analytics.



Company Overview


From device to cloud, McAfee provides market-leading cybersecurity solutions for both business and consumers. We help businesses orchestrate cyber environments that are truly integrated, where protection, detection, and correction of security threats happen simultaneously. For consumers, McAfee secures your devices against viruses, malware, and other threats, both at home and away. We want to continue to shape the future of cybersecurity by working together to build best in class products and solutions.

About the role:
You will work with other analysts and data scientists helping them with important insights on customer journey and on important metrics performance.
You will perform data analysis across all applicable marketing technologies, and communicate insights and recommendations based on findings
You will summarize data from multiple sources, developing assumptions where needed, to communicate insight and opportunity internally & externally
You will build analysis, data visualizations, and reporting that provides important insights required for decision making in the organization
You will organize the analytical needs of the business, collaborate in the design of diagnostic solutions, developing experimentation backlog based on opportunity ranking and provide data products and insights
You will translate business functional requirements into technical specifications for data and reporting teams and, conversely, technical approaches into easily digestible insights
About you:
You have experience transforming data trends into useful customer insights business can use to guide data-driven strategy and customer experience
You have 3+ years of experience in a digital role working with data, excels, and business models as part of a marketing team
You have previously worked in Digital, Traditional, and Business to Consumer marketing teams
You have knowledge of PowerBI, Azure, Adobe Analytics, or Google Analytics
You have experience using Excel pivot tables and Vlookups
You have experience and an understanding of SQL
You have worked with Tableau, Power BI or similar visualization tools
You are familiar or interested in ever-growing Internet technologies and marketing tactics like Search, Social, or SEO
Company Benefits and Perks:


We work hard to embrace diversity and inclusion and encourage everyone at McAfee to bring their authentic selves to work every day. We offer a variety of social programs, flexible work hours and family-friendly benefits to all of our employees.
Pension and Retirement Plans
Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
Paid Time Off
Paid Parental Leave
Support for Community Involvement
We're serious about our commitment to diversity which is why McAfee prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.

Job Type:


Experienced Hire

Primary Location:
US, Texas, Plano

Additional Locations:",3.6,"McAfee
3.6","Plano, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
137,Construction Data Analyst,"$50k-$88k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


At Cumming, you will work on some of the world's most exciting projects in a dynamic environment where your success is measured by the impact you make. We are one of the fastest-growing project and cost management consultancies in the United States, as reflected in our top 20 rankings in both ENR and Building Design + Construction. With over 30 offices globally, an extremely diverse project portfolio, and double-digit year-over-year revenue growth, the opportunities to make your mark are limitless!

We are seeking a Construction Data Analyst to act as the day-to-day interface with the client to help drive a data-driven culture of informed decision making. You have a chance to be a key player in our technological future, as part of a team of innovative professionals shaping our built environment.

The Construction Data Analyst responsible for gathering and storing data, visualization, analytics and dashboard reporting development.

The ideal candidate is a data visualization expert, preferably within the construction industry, and with experience managing data, working with end users, creating analytics and dashboard development.

Responsibilities
Develop and maintain databases and reporting tools to store and display cost, schedule, and other construction data
Work with stakeholders to create, revise, and launch dashboards and other data efforts
Respond to and manage requests for data solutions and visuals from client and Cumming team
Develop and present high-level metrics in a simple, accessible way
Be proactive in offering data solutions to inefficiencies
Develop a suite of reporting tools in Tableau/PowerBI with a consistent look and feel
Create processes, capture best practice, and help create a data-driven culture
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in business, economics, data analytics, finance or related field of study
3+ years' experience in data analysis and visualization
Experience tidying and wrangling complex, ugly datasets
Experience being able to stand behind their work and present a coherent story with data
Knowledge of data solutions lifecycle - from concept to maintenance planning
Understanding of basic design principles for effective visuals
Basic understanding of preconstruction, design, and post-contract construction processes
Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team.
Ability to independently research and generate data solutions
Ability to work cross-functional teams with other teams to achieve objectives
Advanced knowledge of Tableau and PowerBI
Advanced Excel/Google Sheets skills
Working knowledge of SQL to interrogate datasets
Any programming/ coding experience - Python, R, D3.js, etc. is a plus
Have more questions? Chat with a recruiter on our careers website! It takes five minutes to apply to this job and we will provide feedback within five business days.

#LI-EG1

CUMMING is an equal opportunity employer, fully committed to attracting, retaining, developing, and promoting the most qualified team members without regard to race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, age, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic, including physical or mental disability, to the extent protected by applicable federal, state or local law.",4.1,"Cumming
4.1","Portland, OR",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
138,Sr. HR Data Analyst,"$59k-$100k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who is Cenlar? You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Sr. HR Data Analyst.

Job Summary:

The Sr. HR Data Analyst is responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies related to Human Resources. This role identifies and aggregates complex dataset using a combination of tools, such as, SQL, VBA, PowerShell, and MS Access. This role should have knowledge of statistical models/algorithms using Python as the primary programming language.

Responsibilities:
Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns with HR data sets and makes recommendations for business and process improvement
Analyzes processes and data by extracting data from various data warehouse environments
Develops reports and dashboards using various reporting and visualization tools to meet business needs
Understands ongoing requests and translates them into reports for team members and other stakeholders
Ability to design, develop, and execute ETL pipelines to automate ingestion of structured and unstructured data sources using a combination of PowerShell, SQL, Python, VBA, and other programming languages
Solid understanding of REST API architecture to implement interfaces that allow for the seamless data integration between our vendor systems and our internal databases
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Handles complex requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing and trend analysis
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistical analysis, Human Resources, or related field, Master’s degree preferred with 5+ years of relevant and/or data engineering analytics experience
Working knowledge of SQL skills to perform complex data manipulation using multiple tables, queries, and subqueries in a database environment (i.e., SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, DB2, MS Access, et al).
Strong background with at least an object-oriented/functional/scripting language (Python, Java, etc.)
Familiarity with CLI (CMD, bash, PowerShell, etc.)
Expertise with various ETL technologies and tools
Strong understanding of business logic for aggregation and analysis services
Experience with HRMS, such as ADP, ETime, Taleo, and Cornerstone, preferred
Ability to develop capabilities and/ or experiences in partnership with more experienced staff
Exceptional organization and time management skills, with the initiative and the desire to own problems from start to finish
Ability to flex and adapt to changing business needs, and use discretion when dealing with confidential information
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with ability to work on several projects simultaneously
Passion to have an impact; Pro-active self-starter; Demonstrates a strong sense of urgency and responsiveness; Strong organizational and project management skills
Demonstrated track record of developing and successfully driving new initiatives through an organization to achieve business results
Total Rewards :

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online .",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Yardley, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
139,Sr Data Science Analyst,"$61k-$107k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary
The Sr. Data Science Analyst operates as an internal consultant, finding solutions to the most critical organizational challenges in a fast-paced health care environment, leading to improved patient outcomes and performance for our business partners. The challenges that are complex from a methodology or business perspective are frequently the types of projects that this role tackles.
Reponsibilities
Successfully guide Data Science projects from concept to completion as a combination of Data Science subject matter expert, project manager, and business analyst.
Perform Research and Development to generate new products and/or ways to use our data to improve patient outcomes.
Translate identified business challenges or opportunities into actionable project efforts with defined scope and goals.
Create visual concepts/mockups that foster a shared understanding of business challenges or opportunities.
Coalescing stakeholders toward reasonable project objectives that address the most pressing challenges of our business.
Collaborate and coordinate with clinical, business, IT and engineering partners in the design and development of products that address key business challenges using internal and/or external data.
Effectively communicate the practical nature of the results of various analyses to business stakeholders using illustrations and practical language.
Pilot a proposed solution to demonstrate its effectiveness and/or suggest improvements.
Create reports documenting key findings, observations, outcomes, and/or recommendations clearly.
Develop, document and maintain code in a clear and reproducible manner.
Perform other duties and responsibilities as required, assigned, or requested.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Business Information Systems, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related technical field required; advanced degree preferred
5+ years of experience in analytics role
3+ years of experience with SQL; fluent in basic operators, joins, date and character functions;
3+ years of experience with R or Python, particularly with ggplot/matplotlib, statistics and analytics packages
3+ years of experience addressing practical business challenges in a Data Science/Analytics role
Professional experience as a project/program manager and/or business analyst preferred
Certifications in Data Science, Health Information Technology, Lean, Six Sigma, project management and/or business analysis a plus
Experience with RegEx, RShiny, R Markdown, Atlassian suite (Jira, Bitbucket, Concurrence), MS Excel (particularly pivot tables) and MS Access (VBA) preferred
Results-oriented mentality, capable of fluidly moving between roles and projects.
Team-first orientation, thriving in a collaborative, team-based work environment.
Self-starter mindset with desire to learn on an ongoing basis.
Problem-solver mentality – one who finds creative solutions instead of accepting obstacles as fixed.
Prioritization skills that allow one to cope well with ambiguity, changing requirements, dynamic scope, competing objectives and changes in direction
Willingness to lead the charge to change assumptions, risks and issues into reasonable project direction
Inquisitive nature and reasonable degree of comfort in asking tough questions when needed
Ability to accept and internalize coaching guidance
Willingness to adapt to approaches that meet stakeholder needs
Solid facilitator skillset – one who can align a room full of stakeholders with competing interests toward a narrow set of key objectives
Ability to tell stories through pictures and whiteboarding, often off-the-cuff
Ability to alter communication styles effectively for stakeholders varying from Specialists to C-Suite
Ability to serve as a liaison between business, clinical and IT professionals
Willingness to unearth, track and resolve the detail-level challenges that frequently derail project efforts
Conceptual understanding of Big Data methods
Ability to identify trends or correlations between factors and responses using methods such as trend analysis, regression modeling, clustering, principal components analysis and various feature engineering methods
Ability to conduct designed experiments to establish cause-effect relationships, as well as optimization experiments
Honesty, integrity, and emotional intelligence
Working knowledge of classical statistical / hypothesis testing techniques.
Experience with geospatial analytics platforms, particularly Esri, a plus
Experience with visualization tools, including Tableau, a plus
Experience with prototype development and/or UI/UX Design a plus
Experience with other programming languages and data exchange formats (Java, C#, XML, JSON) a plus
Experience with deep learning (particularly Tensorflow or other GPU-based) a plus
Experience with Natural Language Processing a plus
Experience with automated machine learning (H20, DataRobot) a plus
Experience with big data environments and methodologies (NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Hadoop) a plus",3.6,"naviHealth, Inc.
3.6","Brentwood, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
140,Senior Data Analyst,"$40k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are

At Christian Care Ministry we believe that Christians can, and should, share in one another's burdens. Through the use of Medi-Share®, a Christian Healthcare Ministry, we cultivate that belief.

The Team

Everyone at Christian Care Ministry agrees to our Statement of Faith which outlines our core beliefs. Although we aren't perfect people, we are serving our perfect God to the best of our ability.

We work hard to serve our members, but know we can only do that if we invest in our employees professionally, financially, physically, and spiritually. Through times of prayer, weekly Chapel services, plenty of professional development, an onsite gym, 401(k) and, great benefits, we purposefully invest in our employees so that our employees can invest in others.

The Role

The Senior Data Analyst conducts statistical analysis and modeling on various datasets across the organization, identifying and presenting actionable analytics and insights to all levels of management. With strong proficiency in several technical coding skillsets, this position is able to write complex, accurate code to extract ministry data for analysis purposes with little supervision. This position also utilizes machine-learning to build models for implementation into production systems that are in line with the business' strategic objectives and values. This role will also demonstrate a good understanding of the business operations and datasets available in the healthcare industry.

In This Role You Will...
Analyze and interprets various types of data across the organization, identifying new metrics for measuring results as well as monitoring current metrics for trends. Ensures that all analysis is actionable for business process owners, enabling leaders of key areas to build, implement and identify solutions to address business performance gaps.
Assists in model development related to pricing and forecasting projects for the ministry.
Support in machine-learning and predictive modeling for various analysis not limited to healthcare cost, care management, sales and marketing, and others as applicable.
Develop and summarize conclusions gained from analyzing data using statistical and visualization tools like Microsoft Excel, SQL, Tableau and others
Builds accurate, complex datasets for use by the ministry, utilizing SQL best practices and adhering to coding standards as set forth by CCM's Data Services team.
Identifies and addresses expected and unforeseen data issues to ensure the accuracy of analytics, ensuring any resulting business decisions are made from accurate findings. In addition, the analyst will work with the data owners/stewards to improve data quality where possible
Effectively communicates and presents relevant findings to all levels of management.
Collaborates effectively inter- and intra-departmentally to assist team in reaching desired outcomes
In This Role You Must Have…
Strong proficiency and knowledge in SQL and Tableau
Strong understanding of modern business analytics technology
Skill in working with large datasets from multiple, seemingly unrelated sources
Advanced Microsoft Office skills including Excel and Powerpoint
Ability to multi-task and work effectively under pressure
Detail-oriented mindset with passion to understand data to ensure accuracy
Ability to effectively and accurately present analytical findings using a variety of tools to senior level management
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to perform complex analysis and make recommendations based on statistical inferences
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to lead in projects and work as a team
Ability to extract internal customer's requirements while assessing if the requested criteria will lead to the expected outcome.
Ability to complete projects on or ahead of schedule
Demonstrated ability to think and work independently
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, information science, engineering, data science or relevant field
2+ years' relevant working experience
Experience working with Healthcare data is required
Experience with statistical modeling tool(s) required",3.2,"Christian Care Ministry
3.2","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
141,Senior Data Visualization Analyst,"$52k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Guild is hiring for a Senior Data Visualization Analyst who will sit at the intersection of data, infrastructure, and analytics, to help shape and deliver business-critical reporting and value-added data insights for Guild. You will be responsible for organizing, standardizing, and analyzing our data to tell deeper stories about our business – where we are, where we've been, and where we need to go. This role will have a critical impact on the business and our students by providing visibility into and opportunities for improvements across all aspects of our operations.

As a Senior Data Visualization Analyst, you will:
Develop a deep understanding of business and operational needs by building strong cross departmental relationships.
Support Guild's Analytics teams by creating, maintaining, and improving insightful reporting which enables our business partners to access actionable, insightful data to drive decision making.
Partner with Data Services teams to deliver clear, accurate analytical datasets which drive high-quality reporting, including creation of production-quality code base.
Perform in-depth data QA by diving in to various data sources to identify and resolve issues
Maintain and manage an intake of requests from stakeholders, understanding the priority and impact of various reporting requests, and managing expectations for delivery.
Translate business questions into analytical requirements as part of a well-defined development cycle.
Monitor performance, accuracy, and usage of existing data and reports.
Act as subject matter expert for Looker within the Analytics team, supporting team members in troubleshooting issues that arise.
In addition to working on the Decision and Data Science team, in this role you will collaborate with other Guild leaders including: Jack Chang (Senior Manager - BI Infrastructure), and Noah Yetter (Data Engineer).

You are a strong fit for this role if you have:
Proven business experience with SQL, Excel/Google Sheets, and BI Tools
Demonstrated attention to detail and commitment to reporting accuracy
Analytical, intellectually curious, creative problem-solver who is comfortable going beyond data access to analytics and strategic insights
Keen design and data visualization skills – you know how to transform data to generate useful insights and be easily digestible
Strong written and oral communication skills – you can build analytical and decision support models, synthesize recommendations, and create effective presentations for all audiences
Team player mindset, with strong interpersonal and influencing skills
Passion for our mission – Guild is pioneering a new path for education as a benefit in a complicated and regulated space – success means quickly and effectively adapting your expertise
Preferred Competencies:
Analytics and reporting experience in a B2B sales environment
Demonstrated experience building insightful reporting in Looker
Something else? Wonderful, we're curious to learn more about you!
About Guild

Guild is increasing economic mobility for working adults by partnering with the largest employers in the country to offer education as a benefit to their employees via our marketplace of nonprofit universities and education institutions. Guild's proprietary technology platform facilitates the administration of this innovative benefit and our team of coaches helps each employee navigate the path back to school, providing individualized support from day one through program completion.

We also just became the latest female-led company to hit a $1billion valuation and the only B-corp with those qualifications. Our Series D round was led by Ken Chenault, General Catalyst Partners chairman and former CEO of AMEX, and joined by Emerson Collective, LeadEdge Capital, and Iconiq.

Guild Education is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",3.5,"Guild Education
3.5","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
142,Senior Data Analyst - CRM,"$53k-$100k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Zeta Global CRM division provides email, database and interactive marketing services worldwide to clients, the company’s services include strategic campaign planning and optimization, test design, creative development (including rich media), campaign execution, web application development, research, and advanced analytics.

The Analytics team is currently seeking a Senior Analyst. As a Senior Analyst, you will use a variety of data sources and software tools such as SQL, Excel and internal tools to develop reports and insights based on specification provided by clients or client analytical leads.

Primary Job Responsibilities:
Work with digital marketing and CRM partners to understand clients’ requests, design proper metrics reports and dashboard.
Handle data gathering and analysis construction with a variety of data sources and tools.
Develop reports and customized analysis, data organizing and cleansing, and analysis and presentation
Create easy-to-understand data visualization, presentations and provide logical insights and actionable recommendations to clients.
Work with BI and technical team to prioritize and identify the opportunity to automate reports.
Streamline the reporting process; develop repeatable and scalable process and coding across multiple systems and platforms
Work with various businesses and technical teams to make sure the data presented are accurate and flawless.
Well document the standard reporting or analysis procedures and other necessary documents.
Job Requirements:
Minimum Bachelor’s degree in Computer Programming, Statistics, Marketing Analytics or related technical/quantitative field; Master degree a plus
Minimum 3 years of professional experience in an analytical role (prior experience in Agency/consulting or Email industry a plus), digital marketing, database marketing and web analytics a plus
Experience working in rational database, SQL coding, SAS or R or Python programming and extensive Excel skills
Experience working in BI tools, such as Tableau, Microstrategy, Jasper, etc.
Experience in development, presentation and/or deployment of predictive model and segmentation is strongly preferred; knowledge of Machine Learning approaches a plus
Experience working with 3rd party data providers such as Acxiom, IRI a plus
Able to take broad specifications or requests from client and ask the right “questions” to help fine tune the request to help deliver reporting needs. Be able to conduct data investigation when issue arises both independently and/or working with cross functional technical resources, if required, to solve problem
Good verbal and written communication skills; Attention to details, be able to identify data gaps/abnormality in output
Able to plan, organize, & work on multiple projects at once
#LI-MC1

About Zeta Global
Zeta Global is a data-powered marketing technology company with a heritage of innovation and industry leadership. Founded in 2007 by entrepreneur David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company combines the industry’s 3rd largest proprietary data set (2.4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.

Our technology runs on the Zeta Marketing Platform, which powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable.

Zeta Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, medical condition, disability, veterans status, or any other basis protected by law.

Zeta Global Recognized in Enterprise Marketing Software and Cross-Channel Campaign Management Reports by Independent Research Firm

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-opens-ai--data-labs-in-san-francisco-and-nyc-300945353.html

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-recognized-in-enterprise-marketing-software-and-cross-channel-campaign-management-reports-by-independent-research-firm-300938241.html",3.3,"Zeta Global
3.3","Melville, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
143,"Sr. Analyst, Data Visualization",-1,"Named as one of LA's Best Places to Work by Built in LA, Prodege, LLC, is an internet and media company that is dedicated to “creating rewarding moments” for its members by rewarding them with more than $1.7 billion in cash and free gift cards since inception. Prodege is comprised of leading consumer brands — Swagbucks, MyPoints, ShopAtHome, InboxDollars, and Upromise— which deliver engaging content and valuable rewards to more than 120 million members worldwide. Prodege's complementary suite of business solutions helps brands boost engagement with consumers by making it easy to gather insights, listen to their audience and gain further exposure to drive brand loyalty.

We are currently seeking a Sr. Analyst, Data Visualization to join our team.

In this role, you will support our Data Visualization product, assisting in the development and implementation of our capabilities in this area.
You’ll collaborate with clients at Market Research agencies as well as with Prodege’s Project Management, Survey Programming and Data Processing experts to lead the design and production of data deliverables including online dashboards and automated PowerPoint charts.
You’ll lead client demos to showcase our data analysis & visualization capabilities and provide day-to-day support to clients using our data analysis & visualization platform.
The ideal candidate will be a true team-player who is familiar with the full market research process and with experience in the areas of data analysis and data visualization. In addition, the ideal candidate will have at least some familiarity with survey programming and data collection standards as well as be comfortable communicating with clients whether via email, over the phone or when attending in-person meetings.

For the past few years, ProdegeMR has seen transformative growth and is building the team to continue to foster mutually successful client relationships and further grow our business and our team.

Sr. Analyst, Data Visualization:
Understands clients’ business questions and research-related needs and suggests approaches and data deliverables which will exceed client expectations
Demonstrates a strong ability to QA check, format and visualize data to assist clients’ in deriving actionable insights from that data
Ensures that client objectives are met throughout the process
Has a proven track record of delivering high-quality results in a timely manner
Is a fast learner who takes initiative and is driven to learn new things, test new techniques, and experiment
Is a strong team player and able to manage multiple ongoing projects
Assist in the development of new, and optimization of current, Prodege products and services
About You:
4+ years of quantitative market research experience in the area of data analysis and data visualization
Expertise with data visualization tools (e.g. Dapresy, Infotools, PowerBI, Tableau, etc.)
Expertise with data analysis tools such as SPSS or R
Enjoys working in a team environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in one on one and in group settings
Comfortable working as efficiently as possible to quickly deliver solutions
Attentive to detail with strong critical-thinking abilities
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent
It’s a plus if you have:
Some familiarity with Survey Programming and Reporting platforms such as Confirmit, Decipher, Qualtrics, etc.
Some familiarity with Microsoft Excel VBA.",3.7,"Prodege, LLC
3.7",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
144,Senior Data Analyst (Remote/ Virtual),-1,"We Are Hiring

This is your opportunity to join the growing Ascension Data Science Institute!

Remote opportunity!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

Serves as key resource/SME in collection and analysis of data from multiple sources for the development of reports and statistical information.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Formulates, defines and recommends scope and format of reports.
Oversees provision of ad hoc management reports.
May provide leadership, orientation, training, coaching, and mentoring to staff on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Identifies data trends and makes recommendations for quality improvement.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes structured and unstructured data for business insight.
What You Will Need

Education:

High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Computer or Information Science, Physics, Behavioral and Social Sciences or other related technical or quantitative fields strongly preferred.
Bachelor's level or higher is strongly preferred.
Work Experience:
3 years of experience preferred.
Preferred Skills:
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy
Web and social media analytics
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL preferred
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
145,Post Market Surveillance Data Analyst,"$50k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title
Post Market Surveillance Data Analyst

Job Description

In this role, you have the opportunity to

Develop and implement effective data analysis and visualization for all of Post Market Surveillance within and support of our Ultrasound business. These activities are in direct support of monitoring and detecting quality and safety signals associated with fielded product performance (e.g., adverse events, product malfunctions). Your role ensures on-going regulatory compliance and continuous product improvement.

You are responsible for

Responsible for developing statistical methods needed to effectively monitor PMS data to assure Patient Safety and Product Quality
Responsible for managing the Post Market Surveillance trending processes and assuring proper statistical techniques are applied to all trending methods
Establishes statistical tools to analyze data, make acceptance decisions, and improve process capability (Six Sigma, Statistical Process Control (SPC), DOE).
Automates data analysis methods
Working with the various KPI owners to maintain oversight of all KPIs and ensuring accuracy of data reported to the leadership team
Responsible for continual review of data for the Trending and Escalation procedure (e.g., calculation of upper control limits).
Assures the data integrity of all output via appropriate verification and validation activities.
Ability to document statistical-based trending procedures and trending analysis validation in compliance with regulatory requirements
Develop and deliver training materials to aid teams with their understanding of statistical-based trending methods
Ability to explain statistical rationale and trending procedures during regulatory audits, if necessary.

You are a part of

An organization that believes-what you do every day can contribute to the innovative health technologies and solutions we develop that make a positive impact on billions of people every year. Including you. Because you will find when you work at Philips, that your professional and personal lives often intersect in unexpected and fulfilling ways. It is our mission to improve people’s lives through meaningful innovation and we want you to play a central role in this by leading teams, driving projects, thinking strategically and inspiring colleagues from all over the world.

To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience

BS or MS in Statistics/Biostatistics, Data Science, or an equivalent degree with 2+ years’ experience as a statistician in device/pharma industry
Medical Device experience is desired but not required
Experience with Statistical software that integrates large datasets from multiple sources
American Society for Quality (ASQ) certification, Six Sigma knowledge is desirable.
Well-developed interpersonal relationship skills
Proven ability to take independent action to initiate process improvement, when needed
Proven ability to work in a matrix-like manner where cross-functional interaction is an implicit way of Working
Proven ability to deliver on delegated work efficiently
Solid time-management skills to meet deliverables commensurate with a fast-paced environment
Well organized, able to multitask and prioritize competing tasks
Able to manage expectations with supervisors, peers and customers

In return, we offer you

At Philips, we strive to make the world healthier and more sustainable through innovation, and our goal is to improve the lives of 3 billion people a year by 2030. This position offers the opportunity to influence regulatory compliance worldwide and directly improve the customer and patient experience. We offer competitive health benefits, a flexible work schedule and access to local well-being focused activities.

Why should you join Philips?

Working at Philips is more than a job. It’s a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways.

To find out more about what it’s like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions.

It is the policy of Philips to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender, pregnancy/childbirth, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability or perceived disability, genetic information, citizenship, veteran or military status or a person’s relationship or association with a protected veteran, including spouses and other family members, marital or domestic partner status, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.

As an equal opportunity employer, Philips is committed to a diverse workforce. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants that require accommodation in the job application process may contact 888-367-7223, option 5, for assistance.

Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran

#LI-PH1

#LI-Remote

Contact

If you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it.

If you have any other questions regarding the recruitment process please refer to our FAQs. In case of technical difficulties with the website, please send an email to careersite@philips.com.
(Note: To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only technical issues will be monitored through the above inbox. Please do not submit resumes or applications to this email, as they will not be reviewed. Only applications received through the online application process will be considered.)",3.7,"Philips
3.7","Bothell, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,1891,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10+ billion (USD),-1
146,2021 IT - Advanced Data Analytics Product Analyst,"$73k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Information Technology - Advanced Data Analytics Product Analyst Intern

The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco believes in the diversity of our people, ideas, and experiences and our committed to building inclusive culture that representative of the communities we serve.



FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM OVERVIEW

The Federal Reserve Bank’s mission and work are built on over hundred years of strength, stability, and excellence. No other organization does what we do or has a greater impact on global economies. Our mission is to promote low inflation, full employment, and financial stability as well as provide services to financial institutions and the Treasury.

FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO OVERVIEW

The Reserve Bank of San Francisco is one of Twelve Reserve Banks responsible for setting the nation’s monetary policy, serving the as the fiscal agent for the United States Treasury and supervising banking institutions, ensuring their stability and compliance with banking regulations. Our headquarters are in SF, CA serving the largest geographic district within the Federal Reserve System. With Branches offices in Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Salt Lake City, and Phoenix.

GOLD INTERN PROGRAM OVERVIEW

Invest in your future and consider joining the Growing Opportunity for Leadership and Diversity (GOLD) Program. Our paid internship program will offer you the opportunity to work on projects that supports the Bank’s business and impact the United States economy.

GROUP/DEPARTMENT OVERVIEW

Within the ADAC team, our day to day tasks revolve around supporting one of the multiple projects that are being worked on by our team. Specifically on my project, daily tasks include, writing user stories, participating in scrum meetings, working on user stories (as applicable), building report-out decks for management.

POSITION/PROJECT OVERVIEW

This project/position would challenge the intern because usually interns do not have a lot of experience working within a product team. Our team is extremely product focused and will continue to be so in the future. Additionally, we are currently focusing on Cloud technologies which allows interns to learn in detail more about the cloud environment as well as get hands on experience within the cloud.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

The intern will write user stories for our development team, work on user stories (as applicable), gather functional requirements from stakeholders and product leadership, work through information security aspects (as necessary), present on completed user stories (as necessary), support product leadership with marketing, customer outreach, etc.

REQUIREMENTS:
U.S. Citizen or Permanent Residency
Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, or Senior standing in a 4-year bachelor’s degree program
Ability to work 40 hours week throughout the duration of the approximately 10 -week internship program
MS Suite Proficiency
Strong written communication skills
PREFERRED SKILLS:
Desired skills: SQL, Tableau,
Students graduating in 2021 or 2022
Jira, AWS Cloud, product management, agile methodology
The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",3.6,"Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1913,Government,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
147,Data Analytics Engineer-Business Intelligence Analyst,"$43k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Analytics Engineer-Clinical Services
Summa Health System
Full-time, w/benefits

Summa Health System is recognized as one of the region’s top employers by a number of third party organizations, including NorthCoast 99. Exceptional candidates gravitate to Summa because of its culture, passion for delivering excellent service to our patients and families commitment to our philosophy of servant leadership, collegial working relationships at every level of the organization and competitive pay and benefits.
Summary:
Works with a team of technologists (Data Engineers and Visualization Engineers) to deliver insights across various aspects of Summa Health’s operational, financial, and clinical activities with the goal of leveraging data to drive and realize the full potential of the organization’s programs.

Minimum Qualifications:
Formal Education Required:
-Bachelor’s degree in computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, or related discipline
Experience & Training Required:
-Five (5) years of experience in a previous analytics role in healthcare domain involving healthcare data analysis to optimize business operations
-Knowledgeable about the workings of integrated healthcare systems, health plan, research, and community programs
-Experience in analyzing healthcare data using statistical methods to optimize business operations and communicating their findings using data visualization and detailed reports

Other Skills, Competencies and Qualifications:
-Analytical mindset with good problem-solving skills
-Excellent written and verbal communication skills
-Acumen for analytics needs of an integrated health system how to use data to achieve those needs.
-Ability to effectively interact with populations of patients/customers with an understanding of their needs for self-respect and dignity
-Ability to summarize results and develop effective business presentations.
-Ability to interact with populations both technical and non-technical, with an understanding of their needs for self-respect and dignity
-Strong, critical thinker with ability to extend knowledge of information systems and applications to business processes and to cross team collaboration. Ability to explain complex, technical concepts to lay audiences and non-IT staff.
-Basic knowledge of data warehousing, data marts
-Experience with one or more Summa application platforms is desirable including Soarian Financials, DSS, HQ/HI, Epic/CarePATH and tools (RWB, Clarity, Caboodle, Radar, SlicerDicer, Registries), CostFlex, e-ClinicalWorks, GE Centricity, Lawson, Pentaho, SAS, Tableau.

1. Work with senior leaders within a line of business and across the enterprise to establish a measurement plan focused on outcomes
2. Work as a data strategist to identify and integrate datasets, data components, and attributes from various information systems to leverage information for business programs and objectives
3. Communicate, advise senior leaders about utilizing all relevant data, including clinical, operational, exposome, social determinate, economic and financial, to drive programmatic growth and achieve strategic outcomes
4. Gather baseline data information to understand current state and improvement opportunity
5. Identify data requirements based on analytical processes to measure the outcomes
6. Conduct descriptive/statistical analysis of the data set to validate hypothesis
7. Define the business requirements / specifications and user interface (Wireframes and Mockups)
8. Work with other members of CoE to develop mission control dashboards that measures the timely performance to outcome
9. Validate, deploy mission control dashboards
10. Educate Mission end users and advocate adoption of analytical tools
11. Support rolling out new insights, which are a result of discovery and exploratory exercises conducted, by citizen data analysts / scientists.
12. Ensuring that mission control insights remain relevant to achieving the desired outcome
13. Confirming that stakeholders are utilizing mission control in pursuit of that outcome
14. Surfacing new insights to drive continuous improvement
15. Communicate findings to stakeholders; implement improvement efforts as needed.

Level of Physical Demands:
Light: Exerts up to 20 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to ten pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force continuously.
#LI-AV1",3.6,"Summa Health System
3.6","Akron, OH",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1926,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
148,Member Experience Data Analyst,"$48k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Start a Rewarding Career with Alliant


What will your day look like?

You will be responsible for breaking down complex data sets into structured analysis and offering “Insights as a Service” to key stakeholders across the organization. This individual will create recurring and ad-hoc reports/dashboards and deliver findings that result in actionable recommendations that positively impact and influence operational efficiencies and the member experience. You will have a passion for problem solving, an intellectual curiosity to dig deep into root causes, along with the ability to think conceptually, analytically and creatively.

Responsibilities


Do you see yourself doing this?
Extract data from multiple complex data sets including internal and external sources.
Build, update and maintain databases.
Verify information integrity, and make recommendations to remediate potential gaps/errors in data.
Understand key stakeholder objectives and the metrics that impact their area of the business.
Prepare and distribute recurring and ad-hoc reports/dashboards comprised of key metrics from across the organization.
Derive actionable insights through critical analysis and data visualizations.
Create innovative visuals using Tableau (or other supported visualization tools) to enable more effective consumption of data.
Apply business analysis skills to complicated business wants/needs and make recommendations for optimal solutions.
Adhere to the enterprise responsibilities and standards of a Business Intelligence lead and support the Enterprise BI Community.
All other duties as assigned by Sr. Mgr. Member Experience Design & Insights.
Qualifications


What makes you a great fit?

You’ll be a great fit if in addition to the completion of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Information Systems, Data Analytics/Data Science, or a related major, required, and you have:
4+ years of experience in data analysis, interpretation, report preparation and presentation of results, required.
Experience presenting findings to all levels of leadership.
Strong proficiency in Microsoft Excel/PowerPoint/Access, Tableau, SQL and extracting data from various sources.
Experience with relational databases and data warehouses.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong proficiency in time management and organizational skills.
High level of detail orientation and analysis.
Experience in customer/member experience analytics.
When you’re happy, we’re happy!

As a thank you for joining our team, you’ll benefit from:

Competitive medical, dental, and free vision benefits
Competitive compensation plan
Contributions towards gym memberships
Generous PTO and banking holidays off
Still not convinced?

We’re on the list of 100 Best Medium Companies to work for, check it out here. For more details you can also visit our Glassdoor and LinkedIn profiles.",3.4,"Alliant Credit Union
3.4","Rolling Meadows, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1935,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
149,"Data Analyst, Governance and Quality","$43k-$77k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Boston Private is a leading provider of fully integrated wealth management, trust and private banking services. For more than 25 years, Boston Private has taken a highly personalized approach to serving the complex financial needs of individuals, families, business owners, private partnerships, nonprofits and community partners. Boston Private is also an active provider of financing for affordable housing, first-time homebuyers, economic development, social services, community revitalization and small businesses.

Headquartered in Boston, Boston Private has offices across the U.S. including Boston, San Francisco, San Jose, Los Angeles and South Florida. Private banking and trust services are provided through Boston Private Bank & Trust Company. Wealth management services are provided through Boston Private Wealth LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of Boston Private Bank & Trust Company.

Responsibilities:

As a member of the Data, Analytics and Reporting Team (DART) and reporting to the Head of Data Management, the Data Analyst – Governance and Quality will play a critical role to establish Enterprise Data Governance. Under the direction of the Head of Data Governance, this role will administer all aspects of the Data Governance (DG) process as well as serve as lead analyst for issues related to data standards and data policies. The role will also involve a component of change management for the definition, creation, and enforcement of DG processes.

This role will not only play an integral role in helping to stand up DG, but it will also play a role in shaping and evolving it. This is a great opportunity for an experienced and organized Business Analyst with data background to learn and grow along with Boston Private’s DG data function. Key stakeholders include the Data Governance Leadership Team, Data Analysts, BI Report Developers, Data Engineers, Data Stewards, and business data consumers.

Key responsibilities include:

Create and maintain BP’s Enterprise DG tools (e.g. Data Glossary, Master Report Inventory, Standards & Policies)
Collect and maintain a master list of DG required actions and their progress
Proactively gather, document data requirements and analysis including data integrity and data consistency related to DG standards
Establish DG monitoring processes and related reporting to track the organizations progress.
Work closely with DART Data and Reporting Analysts to inform data transformations, reporting and analysis.
Coordinate and prepare for Data Leadership Group, Data Steward Working Group, and Data Quality Working Group
Serve as curator for DG assets to help DART members and business stakeholders gain ready access to reference materials and tools.
Work closely with the Data Architecture team to enhance existing tools and data architecture to ensure a best in class control framework.
Leverage DART processes and tools to communicate, develop, and maintain DG assests such as documentation and analysis including Jira and steps required as part of DART’s development and launch control processes.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or a similar subject required.
Master’s degree in Technology preferred, or equivalent work experience using software tools for data interrogation is a plus.
Demonstrated attention to detail and teamwork.
Exceptional written and verbal Communication skills.
Financial Services industry experience desired.

Skills & Experience

3+ years’ hands-on experience as a Business Analyst or equivalent required.
Experience producing and/or maintaining business and/or data requirements required.
Experience with SQL and demonstrated understanding of relational databases required.
Experience working on or directly supporting a data management team is desired.
Prior experience serving as part of a Data Governance organization or supporting one is a plus.",3.6,"Boston Private Bank & Trust Company
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1987,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
150,ServiceNow Data Analyst,-1,"Reports directly to the Director, Tech Ops PMO*
Purpose: *
Learn the data model for our ServiceNow Project Portfolio Management (PPM) instance
Collaborate with project and portfolio leaders to update existing and write new ServiceNow PPM reports
Collaborate with our Finance partners to update existing and write new reports - like capital spend, forecast/budgeted spend, time reporting, etc.
Support resource management functions to ensure our roster Masterfile report is up-to-date
Support and/or lead the development of required PMO reports (monthly, quarterly, annual and ad-hoc)
Project record integrity checks to ensure necessary data is being captured and maintained in a timely manner
Supports project portfolio tool maintenance activities, including removing/adding resource groups and corresponding group memberships, and user access controls
Proactively analyze data to answer key questions for stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with a focus on what drives business performance and efficiency
Develop KPIs, reports and dashboards using BI/data visualization tools (Tableau, Power BI, Business Objects) to track the effectiveness of current technical investments
Responsibilities: *
Support and/or lead the development of required PMO report requests (monthly, quarterly, annual, and ad-hoc) from our stakeholders that use ServiceNow PPM data
Data analysis of hours and dollars spent on a per-project basis
Create data visualizations using tools like Excel, PowerBI, and Tableau
Requirements: *
2-3 Years
ServiceNow PPM report writing
Expert Microsoft Excel data analysis skills - pivot tables, slicers
Experience with Business Intelligence tools
Effective communicator (both written and verbal)
Analytical
Accountable for work responsibilities
Prompt
Self-starter
Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $30.00 - $55.00 per hour

Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Experience:
ServiceNow: 3 years (Required)
Data analytics: 2 years (Required)
Regulatory reporting: 2 years (Preferred)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.3,"Peterson Technology Partners
4.3","Lake Forest, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Contract,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
151,ServiceNow Data Analyst,"$41k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Carillon Assisted Living is actively seeking a Programmer and Data Analyst for our corporate office in Raleigh, NC. The Programmer and Data Analyst manages the Programming and Analysis department including developing project plans from internal requests and implementing those plans from initial concept to full production. The department runs primarily on ad-hoc requests with a wide variety of skills necessary to implement the associated projects. The Programmer and Data Analyst must be versatile and excellent at time management. A typical week involves:

Meeting with the CEO and VPO to discuss priorities, statuses of current projects and any requests for new projects
Meeting with outside software vendors to discuss any necessary implementation, customization or integrations
Aiding in the implementation, customization and integrations for third-party software
Designing and proposing plans for projects or analysis necessary to fulfill new requests
Completing or delegating to the team tasks related to any current projects. Tasks generally include:
Developing SQL databases to store data for either program development or data warehousing
Pulling data through outside vendor APIs to move into on-prem data warehouse or to use in in-house programming or reporting
Supporting business decision making processes through analytical analysis of available options
Full-stack programming of any requested web applications
Determining necessary data and analyzing that data to answer questions posed by the VPO and CEO
Developing data visualizations and reports for ad-hoc or continual business analysis
Developing mathematical models for predictive analysis and forecasting
Scheduling and managing team meetings and deadlines for timely project completion
Ensuring all auto-generated reports send on the proper schedule

Qualifications

Required

Bachelors degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering or other analytical field
5 or more years of experience in programming and analysis
2 or more years in a management role
1-2 years of experience in business decision making processes, including analyzing and determining a cohesive software suite and developing technical policies and procedures
Excellent communication skills for conveying technical material to non-technical audiences
Experience with full lifecycle project management, including both application development and other large scale projects directed from initial request to full production
Ability to manage multiple project requests with varying priorities and deadlines
Experience maintaining company software suite including implementing customizations and integrations
Experience in full-stack web application development, preferably with C# and Angular 5+
Experience with report development and data visualization, preferably with SSRS
Experience in database development and management including on-prem data warehousing
Experience writing advanced SQL queries and procedures
Working knowledge of REST API's
Experience analyzing data to answer business questions, both on an ad-hoc and routine basis
Experience with Microsoft Excel including writing custom VBA add-ins

Preferable

Masters degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering or other analytical field
7 or more years of experience in programming and analysis
3 or more years in a management role
3 or more years in business decision making processes
Experience with BPM tools
Advanced skill set in Microsoft Office Suite including Excel, Word and Visio
Mathematical modeling abilities including stochastic models and linear optimization",3.0,"Peterson Technology Partners
4.3","Lake Forest, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1985,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
152,Strategic Data Analyst,"$43k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Strategic Data Analyst
Location


Jacksonville, FL

Job Code

1485

# of Openings

1

Apply Now

Product Design Team – Strategic Data Analyst

Beeline is the leading provider of Vendor Management System technologies globally, with many client organizations within the Fortune 1000 group of companies. With our creative and collaborative environment, we ensure high levels of customer service through our technology and services base to ensure fast and reliable solution management.

The Company:

If you love more of a less-formal work environment, flexible paid time off, a competitive compensation and benefits offering - and have a winning attitude, Beeline is for you! Beeline provides software solutions that enable companies to source and manage their extended workforce. As the world’s largest independent provider of contingent workforce solutions, we have the deepest, most seasoned team of contingent workforce experts in the industry and known for the great care we take with clients and our employees alike. To learn more, visit https://www.beeline.com/careers/
Overview

Beeline is looking for an exceptional Data Analyst to join the Product Design team. You will deliver analyses and provide insights that impact the entire company and, more importantly, our users. This role requires a strong level of analytical horsepower and communication skills to effectively analyze and tell the story behind the data. We’re excited to have you uncover opportunities to deliver an ideal user experience and uncover insights that help inform strategic decision making.

As a Data Analyst on the Product Design Team you will help drive the definition & adoption of our Product Analytics capabilities. You will also own the organization’s User Experience metrics and champion the use of quantifiable data as part of Product’s decision-making framework. The insights you provide will help assist in the creation of user-focused and intuitive products, interfaces and solutions.

What you get to do in this role:
You will collaborate with Product Design, Product Strategy, and Product Development team members to analyze data and generate insights that enable decision making and accelerate time to insight
Gather business requirements from stakeholders on analytics initiatives and translate them to technical requirements and solution wireframe
Develop product analytics requirements documentation, process workflow diagrams, functional specifications for capturing key activities our users might take within our software, and other supporting documentation for analytics initiatives
Leverage data visualization tools (like PowerBI) to design & develop dashboards and other visualizations to provide business stakeholders access to your insights and information
Develop dashboard and report prototypes and mock-ups with respect to the UX/UI Best Practices and have impactful UI Design
Identify new data requirements and work with the development teams to incorporate new data signals
Collaborate on Product Design initiatives involving Data Visualization & Data Insights features
In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has:
A passion for using data to generate insights, an innate curiousity.
Strong foundations in standard query languages like SQL and willingness to learn PowerBI
Working knowledge of a visualization tool like Tableau or Power BI or Spotfire
Strong ability to recognize and predict use cases and user interaction, including happy path as well as edge and corner cases
Enthusiasm for learning and working with multiple data sources, mining, analyzing and deriving insights to improve business decisions/ processes
Ability to manage time wisely across projects and competing priorities, meet agreed upon deadlines, and be accountable for work.
Strong analytical and problem-solving ability and be able dive into technical details and design analytics solutions
Understanding of database design & development, optimizing queries, handling facts, dimension data are a plus
Excellent verbal/ written communication, presentation, and documentation skills
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Excel and one of MS Word or PowerPoint/ Visio or similar products is essential
Experience in working with a cross-functional team or large-scale software development lifecycle using agile methodologies.
Desired Education & Certification

While we do value education and experience, your talent can trump any or all of these. The kinds of learning experience we look for will be a BA or equivalent degree in Data Visualization, Graphic Design, Human Factors or a related field. Education or experience in a technical field such as data science, physical science (chemistry, physics, etc.), computer science, or mathematics is also a huge plus.
Ability and desire to drive change through high-energy, can-do attitude; comfortable working in a high-performance, entrepreneurial, open-door environment;
Must be an outstanding communicator and team player who demonstrates attention to detail, and who also understands how to ensure finance initiatives that support the long-term strategy of the business;
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills;
Ability to work autonomously;
Attention to detail / detail oriented.
Don't know everything listed here? Good. Neither do we. Join us and we can learn together.

This list of ""Requirements and Responsibilities"" are not intended to be limiting. The Company reserves the right to revise this job description based on the actual job requirements as varied from time to time.

At Beeline, we cultivate a positive work environment and are passionate about who we are and what we do. We are looking for talented, driven, and adaptable people who will contribute to our vision, mission and our future! Ideal candidates are intensely curious about globalization and technology, exhibit a can-do attitude, and approach their work with vigor and determination. Candidates should have demonstrated the ability to learn quickly and work effectively in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment, and be excellent at multi-tasking.

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled",4.7,"Beeline
4.7","Jacksonville, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
153,Data Analyst,"$38k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst

Classification:

Exempt

Reports to:

Manager of Data Analytics & Reporting

JOB DESCRIPTION

General Summary: Fusion Medical Staffing works to provide top healthcare professional talent to our clients nationwide. Our thriving culture, both internally and externally, allows us to focus on our core values and improve the lives of those we touch. Fusion Medical Staffing is an equal opportunity employer.

Essential Functions:

Understanding of the ETL process, data warehousing and associated activities to implement the best programs to use in managing the data
Mine data, analyze data, and assist in the build out of internal analytical tools to improve decision making and support for the analytics team and reporting to cross functional teams.
Assist in the Design, development, and automation of metrics-based internal reporting, including visuals and Ad-Hoc reporting packages
Gather requirements and define scope for reporting needs, meeting to ensure specific data needed on a project basis.
Ability to manage multiple data sources and systems with logic to ensure proper data file creation.
Ensure a high level of communication and liaison duties with IT/Technology and Operational departments.
Work closely with the Finance Team and financial data on performance and variance analytics.
Ensure a high degree of data quality and accuracy in all results and reporting
Special projects, as requested

Competencies:

Strong written and verbal skills
Exceptional attention to detail
Excellent critical thinking skills
Team Player
Humble
Positive
Driven

Work Environment:

This job operates in an office environment and routinely uses standard office equipment.

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

Employee is regularly required to talk or hear
Is frequently required to sit; stand; walk; use hands to fingers, handle or feel;

Position Type/Expected hours worked:

This is a full-time, permanent position. Hours of work and days are Monday through Friday, in between the hours of 8:00am and 5:00pm (there may be some flexibility with start/end times). Regular, consistent and punctual attendance is required.

Required Education and Experience:

3+ Years Relevant Experience in the following focus areas:

BA/BS Business Science or Business Administration, MIS, analytics, statistics, Economics or related field
Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) tools such as Tableau
Strong experience with Tableau
Advanced proficiency in Excel, as well as MS office suites and including MS SQL
Experience in data extraction, data manipulation, synthesis and creating presentations
Experience with analytical initiatives with demonstrated ability to problem solve and think critically; ability to recognize key trends and evaluate results of analysis.
Proficient knowledge of financial and accounting practices and techniques.

Preferred Education and Experience:

Proficiency with SQL and VBA coding
Experience in recognizing, analyzing and communicating descriptive and predictive data for reporting and statistical methodologies.

Other Duties:

This job description is not a comprehensive list of all activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job and is subject to change at any time with or without notice.",4.6,"Fusion Medical Staffing
4.6","Omaha, NE",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
154,Sr. Data Analyst,"$66k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Forest Lawn has always attracted unique and exceptional individuals; those who aren’t satisfied with simply building a career, but want to go home at the end of the day knowing they’ve made a profound and positive difference in people’s lives. If this sounds like you, take a look at our job openings....We may have your next GREAT OPPORTUNITY!

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Conducts special studies to analyze complex contract transactions and prepares recommendations for changes to reduce errors or simplify processes.
Identifies trends and recommends improvements accordingly.
Understands and has familiarity with the design of complex contract and accounts receivable software and the ability to quickly learn the design and operation of such systems.
Processes and inputs into computer database complex contract transactions.
Analyzes business process and discrepant data scenarios.
Mines data in contract database using Microsoft Access and Excel and SQL.
Develops and creates studies, reports, and analyses in areas such as, statistical sales reports, transaction exception reports, categorization of transactions by data fields present, etc.
Makes recommendations to management regarding cost saving or profit generating opportunities and profitability improvement strategies.
Prepares clear, concise written reports and presentations using Microsoft Word and PowerPoint.
Coordinates with all levels of management to provide, gather, analyze, summarize, and prepare recommendations regarding Client Accounts functions.
Works independently with minimal supervision as well as in a team environment.
Works closely with the Technology Services development, database and infrastructure team on various projects to gather requirements, document data and workflow requirements, and develop scalable, highly available, and secure automation, data models and reporting packages.
Handles multiple projects with detail and organization.
QUALIFICATIONS
BA/BS – Math, Engineering, Computer Science, Finance, or Accounting preferred;
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills.
3 - 5 Years’ experience as a Data Analyst.
Proven experience as a problem solver.
Must be customer service oriented.
Must be flexible, proactive, and a self-starter.
Advanced Microsoft Excel, Access and PowerPoint skills
Moderate skills with MS SQL, Python and VBA
Experience in report writing tools
Experience working with Data Models
E-Verify Statement:

Forest Lawn has registered to participate in the federal government's E-Verify program. With E-Verify we are able to confirm the employment authorization of all newly hired employees through an electronic database maintained by the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security. With respect to new hires, the E-Verify process is completed in conjunction with a new hire's completion of the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification upon commencement of employment. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates.

For up-to-date information on E-Verify, go to https://www.e-verify.gov/employees/e-verify-overview.",3.2,"Forest Lawn Memorial-Park Association
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1906,Company - Private,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
155,Data Informatics Analyst,-1,"You could say Brightree by ResMed is a technology company. And that’s true. But Brightree is, at its heart, about people. We develop innovative, end-to-end technology solutions and services for people facing everyday challenges in the post-acute care industry. Brightree helps streamline processes, improve efficiency, and increase profitability. For over fifteen years, organizations big and small have put their trust in us—for our wide-ranging solutions, our leadership, and our unmatched customer service. Going to work each day and creating new ways to positively impact our customers’ businesses and the lives of patients is just what we do. Because Brightree is, after all, about people.

To learn more about Brightree technology and solutions watch this short video by our CEO: https://vimeo.com/293016800

.

Let's talk about your responsibilities:
Work on a team of co-located Data Architects, Business Analysts and Engineers on the Advanced Analytics solution.
Collaborate with Product Owners and Technical Directors to align priorities and approach employing agile software development methodologies.
Partner with key stakeholders (internal and external) to interpret, define, and document requirements
Create data cubes within a SQL Datawarehouse, schedule the import of those cubes into a Business Intelligence tool.
Design BI dashboards and reports.
Coordinate with DBAs to derive data from various source systems
Be cognizant of internal and external customer’s expectations on timelines and work diligently towards achieving that goal
Partner with multiple stakeholders to deliver Ad Hoc reporting and analytics as requested
Effectively communicate with internal and external customers in non-technical language
Identify and communicate the potential for enhanced business opportunities based on data
Design, implement, and support Brightree Data architectures applying standards for security (HIPAA/HITRUST), scalability, performance, and reliability.
Load domain-specific data marts for consumption by analytic processes, reporting, and BI tools.
Ensure security and availability of information for our analytics consumers.
Collaborate effectively with stakeholders and subject matter experts to define and interpret requirements in non-technical language.
Be a key contributor in democratizing Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence innovation initiatives.
Leverage data to identify trends and patterns to articulate ROI for Brightree products and services.
Deliver Ad Hoc reporting and analytics as needed.
Commit to timelines and exceed customer expectations.
Let's talk about skills and qualifications:
2+ years experience
Passionate about people, learning, data, and creating business impact.
Fascinated by data and find reward in the analysis of business data/metrics to identify trends and implement solutions.
Creative, analytic problem solver with diligent attention to detail.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to collaborate on solutions and develop successful business partner relationships at all levels of an organization
Exposure to data management technologies including SQL Databases, data warehouses, data lakes, data marts, and NoSQL data stores.
Experience writing T-SQL and performance tuning queries.
Experience working with BI Tools (such as Tableau, Power BI, Sisense)
Experience with Sisense strongly preferred
Experience working with cloud technologies (Azure) a plus.
Experience in programming/scripting languages a plus; such as R, Python, NodeJS, AngularJS, VueJS, and .NET core.
Experience in Healthcare IT a plus.
Bachelor's degree in any technology discipline, or equivalent experience.
#LI-DF1

Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!",3.5,"Brightree
3.5","Peachtree Corners, GA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
156,Clinical Data Analyst (RN) - MCS Research & Development - INTEGRIS,"$35k-$60k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst - MCS Research & Development - INTEGRIS

Don't miss out on this fantastic opportunity to take yournursing career in a new, exciting direction. INTEGRIS is look for a RN thatwould love to explore the Data field with in our Nazih Zuhdi Transplant Institute.Learn how to use your clinical experience to better understand data that isused to make business decisions, while working a M – F business schedule.

Job Code: 1729

Position Summary:

This position is responsible for the design, implementation, maintenance, integrity and data quality of the Nazih Zuhdi Transplant Institute (NZTI) in support of strict reporting requirements. This includes ongoing analysis of health care information, obtained from a variety of sources, including patient care, financial, and demographic data. It involves development and preparation of information products for transplant leadership, physicians and staff, including the assembly of documentation required for submission to regulatory agencies. It requires the ability to analyze health care data from conceptualization through presentation of the data. It requires proficiency with analytical tools (SAS, Excel), knowledge of data analysis methodology, use of presentation software, strong communication skills and a strong commitment to and affinity for delivering the highest level of customer service.

INTEGRIS Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.

Essential Functions:

The Data Analyst responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:
Develop programs, methodologies, and files for analyzing and presenting data.
Works with customers to develop and understand product specifications.
Develops methodologies for collecting, analyzing, and presenting data products.
Delivers data products in report/presentation format, or verbally, to customer specifications and timelines.
Perform complex data analysis in support of ad-hoc and standing customer requests.
Develop information from a variety of data sources evaluates data.
Accountability:

Reports to the Director of Research Administration and NZTI Quality.

Required Physical Demands (Subject to Reasonable Accommodation):

Keyboarding/Dexterity: Frequently; activity exists from 1/3 to 2/3 of the time
Standing/Walking: Occasionally; activity exists up to 1/3 of the time
Strength (Lift/Carry/Push/Pull): Sedentary (exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally)
Talking (Must be able to effectively communicate verbally): Yes
Seeing: Yes
Hearing: Yes
Color Acuity (Must be able to distinguish and identify colors): No

This position may have additional or varied physical demand and/or respiratory fit test requirements. Please consult the Physical Demands Project SharePoint site or contact Risk Management/Employee Health for additional information.

Environmental Conditions:

Normal office environment.

All applicants will receive consideration regardless of membership in any protected status as defined by applicable state or federal law, including protected veteran or disability status.

Qualifications:
Bachelors degree with 2 years of experience or an Associate degree with 4 years of experience specifically involving data analysis, quality assurance, and support.
Masters degree in relevant discipline may substitute for experience.
Healthcare experience preferred.
Training and experience with Microsoft Excel, Access, Word and PowerPoint, Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services, and SAS preferred.
Must be able to communicate effectively in English (Verbal/Written).",2.8,"Integris Health
2.8","Langston, OK",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1983,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
157,Data and Reporting Analyst - Wealth and Trust,"$48k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Boston Private is a leading provider of fully integrated wealth management, trust and private banking services. For more than 25 years, Boston Private has taken a highly personalized approach to serving the complex financial needs of individuals, families, business owners, private partnerships, nonprofits and community partners. Boston Private is also an active provider of financing for affordable housing, first-time homebuyers, economic development, social services, community revitalization and small businesses.

Headquartered in Boston, Boston Private has offices across the U.S. including Boston, San Francisco, San Jose, Los Angeles and South Florida. Private banking and trust services are provided through Boston Private Bank & Trust Company. Wealth management services are provided through Boston Private Wealth LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of Boston Private Bank & Trust Company.

Responsibilities:

As a member of the Data, Analytics and Reporting Team (DART) and reporting to the Head of Data Management, the Data and Reporting Analyst – Wealth and Trust will have one main objective: Ensure the Wealth and Trust senior leadership team’s data and reporting needs are being met. Success in this role will be achieved by understanding Wealth & Trust business management data needs and continuously (and iteratively) delivering value through enhanced data and reporting to the business. The person in this role will wear two hats serving as both a Data Analyst and a Reporting Analyst. As a Data Analyst, the role is to proactively collect, understand, rationalize, and document data and reporting requirements. As a Report Analyst, the role is to translate the requirements into valuable decision-making analysis tools and reports. Key stakeholders include other DART members and members from the Wealth and Trust business including report end users and self-service “power users”.

This role will serve as the advocate and voice of Wealth and Trust within DART serving as a conduit for communications and priorities among and between DART, Data Stewards, data consumers and processors.

Key responsibilities include:

Proactively gather, document data requirements and analysis including lineage mapping source to use, data integrity and transformation rules and logic, BI and Reporting requirements.
Work closely with DART data engineers to inform data modeling for the Enterprise Data Warehouse and Wealth and Trust Reporting Mart.
Work closely with DART Report Developers to create BI Dashboards, Reports or other data delivery solutions to business stakeholders.
Translate business requirements and build-out insightful reporting solutions using Tableau and Boston Privates other reporting solutions.
Work closely with the Data Architecture team to enhance existing tools and data architecture supporting data interrogation, analysis and reporting.
Work with business “power users” to determine best data analysis tools and reports to accomplish their analyitical needs.
Work closely with the Head of Data Governance to gather and also enforce Wealth and Trust data standards and policies.
Lead and attend, feedback sessions to improve BI and Reporting.
Maintain a priority list of Wealth and Trust data pain points, issues and needs that reflect their business priorities.
Lead and maintain a Wealth and Trust report inventory (agonstic of reporting interface/system) to ensure consistent use and opptimzation of report creation, access and distribution.
Leverage DART processes and tools to communicate, develop, and maintain project assests such as documentation and analysis including Jira and steps required as part of DART’s development and launch control processes.

Skills and Experience

5+ years’ hands-on experience working on data requirements, data integrity analysis and/or data quality management.
Experience with SQL and demonstrated understanding of relational databases required.
Experience working on or directly supporting a data management team.
Proven experience of working in a business analyst role focusing on data requirements.

Prior experience using Tableau dashboards or equivalent to build BI/ Reporting Tools a plus.

Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or a similar subject required.
Master’s degree in Technology preferred, or equivalent work experience using software tools for data interrogation is required.
Demonstrated attention to detail and teamwork.
Exceptional written and verbal Communication skills.
Wealth/Financial Services industry experience is required.

Boston Private is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans.",3.6,"Boston Private Bank & Trust Company
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1987,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
158,Senior Health Data Analyst I,"$74k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Health Data Analyst contributes to the overall success of the organization by developing analytic solutions that support activities related to health services utilization management, care coordination, quality improvement and population health. Through analyzing patient claims, member enrollment, and other data, the Senior Health Data Analyst participates in identifying progress, performance and opportunities for improvement on programs, quality of care, patient experience, and other metrics. The Senior Health Data Analyst requires a thorough understanding of healthcare data and workflows, combined with an extensive experience creating large data sets, conducting statistical data analysis (SAS), and using BI tools (Tableau).

Works closely with other members of the Health Analytics team, as well as the Financial Analytics and Data Warehouse teams to gather key data from various internal and external systems.
Creates data sets, extracts and synthesizes data; conducts and interprets quantitative analyses.
Prepares a variety of reports, including statistical analyses and dashboards that allow key stakeholders to make informed business decisions based on data.
Assists in design and development of data collection strategies, aggregation, analysis, and reporting to ensure data integrity and enhance information value.
Generates a quality work product, presentable for content and audience, in a timely manner while maintaining strong attention to detail.
Manages and prioritizes workload while meeting deliverables and expectations.
Works autonomously and collaboratively with report requestors, providing guidance to define report requirements and validate results.
Works collaboratively across departments to understand and meet analytic needs.
Researches and recommends areas for improvement of data quality and reporting.
Maintains in-depth knowledge of health plan operations, including claims processing, utilization management, quality improvement activities and pay for performance programs
Documents report processes/logic and actively engages in department’s documentation efforts to improve knowledge base of team.
SECONDARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Performs other assigned or needed activities required to assure success of the organization.
Participates in special projects as needed.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree with concentration in health informatics, health administration, public health, computing, epidemiology, statistics or related field, Master’s degree preferred. Minimum four (4) years of experience in data analysis and reporting.
Special Skills, Licenses and Certifications
Knowledge of major health plan operations: healthcare claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Excellent knowledge of data collection, analysis, statistics and data presentation with experience in data mining techniques and procedures. Experience using statistical packages for analyzing large data sets. Experience working with administrative data, ideally health care data. Understanding of health data formats including claims, lab and pharmacy. Knowledge of clinical coding systems (e.g., ICD9, ICD10, CPT). Proficiency in inferential and predictive statistical analysis. Proficiency in business software applications such as Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, SAS, and Tableau.
Performance Based Competencies
Must demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to clearly communicate complex information to diverse audiences. Ability to communicate data needs to various customers (internal and external) in order to compile and produce necessary reports. Excellent analytical, problem solving, investigative and research ability. Ability to work in a team environment, take and give direction, follow through with tasks and projects, compromise, negotiate and achieve consensus decisions, support consensus decisions, be flexible and adaptable to changes in assignments and the work environment, work independently, manage time efficiently and multi-task effectively. Ability to make decisions that require significant analysis and investigation with solutions requiring critical thinking. Ability to quickly acquire in-depth knowledge of various systems related to claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits at PHC. Ability to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner. Ability to interpret and understand technical requirements. Must be highly organized and proficient at multi-tasking. Must be willing and able to provide gracious assistance to users, providers, and other constituents of PHC.
Work Environment And Physical Demands
More than 50% of work time is spent at a video display terminal. May be required to bend, stoop, kneel, crawl, or work in other non-standing and non-sitting positions to install cabling, systems hardware, and other related equipment.
All HealthPlan employees are expected to:
Provide the highest possible level of service to clients;
Promote teamwork and cooperative effort among employees;
Maintain safe practices; and
Abide by the HealthPlan’s policies and procedures, as they may from time to time be updated.
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER NOTICE
The job duties, elements, responsibilities, skills, functions, experience, educational factors and the requirements and conditions listed in this job description are representative only and not exhaustive or definitive of the tasks that an employee may be required to perform. The employer reserves the right to revise this job description at any time and to require employees to perform other tasks as circumstances or conditions of its business, competitive considerations, or work environment change.",3.5,"Partnership HealthPlan of California
3.5","Fairfield, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
159,Jr. Business Data Analyst,"$37k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","WebFX is looking for qualified candidates to fill the position of Jr. Business Data Analyst. Employees in this role will gather and analyze campaign data and consult with clients about their business goals and propose solutions and strategies that meet their needs, among other responsibilities.

What You'll Do
Gather and analyze campaign data
Consult with clients about their business goals and propose solutions and strategies that meet their needs
Analyze competitors’ websites and online marketing initiatives
Perform industry analysis and forecasting of trends
Interpret web analytics, demographic data, market research, and buyer behaviors
Optimizing client websites for search engines (on-page SEO)
Create and manage all aspects of SEO, PPC, and paid search ad campaigns for clients
Manage email marketing, website analysis and online advertising programs
Prepare monthly digital marketing campaign reports
Correct technical issues on the backend of website
Perform A/B, website usability, and website conversion rate testing
Responsible for driving client success on the web
5% analyzing clients’ competitors
10% writing ad copy, emails, etc.
10% working in the backend of websites/fixing technical issues
10% creating revenue, ROI and traffic reports for client campaigns
10% managing client projects and ad campaigns
15% performing industry, demographic and market research, and trend forecasting
20% client strategy and analytics
20% client interaction- phone calls, emails, in-person meetings

Note: The Jr. Business Data Analyst is a client-facing position

Training

Our “Bootcamp” web marketing training program will be provided for new WebFX “family members”.
On-site, state of the art training amenities to facilitate departmental trainings, trend watch reports, and monthly Lunch-and-Learns

What You'll Get

WebFX grew 250%+ over the past 3 years, and merit-based promotional opportunities are abundant for new family members who meet or exceed position performance metrics.

Potential Promotional Path for Jr. Business Data Analyst:

Digital Marketing Research Consultant
Director of Digital Marketing
Sr. Digital Marketing Research Consultant

Compensation

$35.5k to $38,500k (potentially higher based on work experience)

GPA 3.8+ : add up to $3k to high range
Elite college or university & graduation with high honors: Add $3.5k-$5k to high range

Candidates interested in the Jr. Business Data Analyst position may also have interest in:
digital marketing, online marketing, paid advertising, search marketing, inbound marketing, web marketing, social media, content marketing, PPC, SEO, SEM, blogging, Facebook, customer service, writing, editing, research, communications, etc.",4.6,"WebFX, Inc.
4.6","Harrisburg, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
160,Data Analyst,"$42k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary
Zimmer Biomet is a world leader in musculoskeletal health solutions. Our team members are part of a company with a heritage of leadership, a focus on shaping the future, and a mission dedicated to alleviating pain and improving the quality of life for people around the world.

The field audit analyst provides support for Zimmer Biomet by maintaining and expanding relationships with our customers who include distributors, independent agents, direct sales, and support staff. The Analyst’s overall objective is to satisfy, and often exceed, our customer’s needs by conducting periodic inventory audits that are complete and conciliatory, ensuring inventory records and traceability are transacted appropriately.
Principal Duties and Responsibilities
•Field travel to conduct physical audits throughout the US on a monthly basis.
•Lead and/or assist with cycle count activities for US distributors
•Provides recommendations for and implements process improvements to the auditing & cycle counting of US distributor inventory.
•Collaborates with Field Audit Leadership & Inventory Control department maintaining proper inventory controls and traceability for inventory across physical locations and lots.
•Performs audit and reconciliation process for distributor transitions.
•Assists in training, guidance and support, as necessary, to distributors and sales management regarding inventory management policies, procedures and best practices.
•Interfaces with distributors, sales management, finance and operations personnel to discuss inventory discrepancies; provides supporting documentation to Field Audit Leadership to lead and guides those discussions to conclusion.
•Maintains and/or inducts information for Field Audit dashboards around audit completion, discrepancies, and other related metrics.
•Follow all standard operating procedures, written and oral, at all times.
Expected Areas of Competence
•Hands on experience with SQL/relational database applications
•Advanced familiarity with Microsoft Suite, specifically MS Excel formulas, functions and pivot tables.
•Strong customer service orientation.
•Strong written and verbal communication skills, especially the ability to foster positive relationships with all internal and external (sales) personnel.
•Results oriented with the ability to accomplish work in a team environment.
•Strong attention to detail.
•Demonstrated enthusiasm and willingness to learn.
•Ability to work unsupervised on assigned tasks.
•Demonstrated analytical skills, especially in the areas of process improvement and problem solving.
•Highly developed organizational skills – able to handle multiple high priority tasks/projects concurrently

Education/Experience Requirements
•Bachelor of Science or equivalent degree required, preferably in a related field.
•2+ years of proven work experience with SQL.
•Minimum of two years\' related experience, preferably within the medical device industry.
•Experience with Inventory Control practices and physical audits is preferred.
•Warehouse inventory system experience and proficiency preferred.
Travel Requirements
Required up to 50% travel annually.
Additional Information
EOE M/W/Vet/Disability

At Zimmer Biomet, we believe in The Power of Us, which means that we are stronger together. We are committed to creating an environment where every team member feels included, respected, empowered, and celebrated.",3.4,"Zimmer Biomet
3.4","Warsaw, IN",-1,10000+ Employees,1927,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
161,Lead Data Analyst,"$52k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Big Huge Games is looking for a Lead Data Analyst. In this position, you will be a key member of the product and analytics team, working with cross functional leads in the studio, providing the game development teams the data and insights to help us achieve continued success and ensure that we offer the best possible experience to our players.

Responsibilities
Analyze large, complex data sets representing the behavior of our games' players
Develop the framework, models, tools, and processes that will enable data-driven decisions in our live service games
Provide recommendations based on game data to influence game economies, feature development, and product roadmaps.
Working with Product Management and Design, identify ways to improve the player experience and create enhanced revenue generation in the live service
Deliver regular and ad-hoc reports to studio management as necessary
Coordinate and Manage Analytics Teams across all projects that have a data presence
Understand timeline/roadmap of the product team(s) and how analytics folds into that roadmap
Assist in keeping team members appropriately tasked and understands team time constraints
Motivate, support and mentor other members of the Data Analytics Team and help them meet their career growth goals
Qualifications
BA/MSc in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Economics, or other quantitative field; Masters desirable
10+ years experience with querying large complex data sets with SQL on relational databases
Prior management experience including lead roles managing and mentoring an Analytics Team
R experience and familiarity with column store databases a plus
Proven track record as an analyst, preferably within gaming, mobile, web, or online economy industries
Experience working in large data sets
Experience in defining highly complex requirements, with a focus on providing actionable and understandable results
High level of proficiency in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Excel, or equivalent
Excellent organizational, communication, presentation and interpersonal skills
Track record of success working in fast-paced environments with some shifting priorities
Demonstrated critical thinking and problem-solving capabilities both independently and with others
Strong self-motivation and initiative
Passion for problem-solving from generating insightful questions to research through presentation of results and follow on steps
Excellent team, motivational and interpersonal skills a must
Bonus
Experience with staffing and team building
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

About Big Huge Games:

Big Huge Games is a small, passionate team led by experienced game development veterans, proudly located just north of Baltimore, MD, who are excited about the rise of touchscreen platforms. We believe in hiring talented team members who enjoy working in a fun and positive environment.

The company was founded in March of 2013 by Brian Reynolds (Civilization II, Rise of Nations, FrontierVille) and a group of longtime collaborators. Big Huge Games is dedicated to ""Finding The Fun"" through rapid prototyping and a focus on great user experience.

In July 2015 we launched our first game, DomiNations, which was awarded “Editors Choice” in the app store and continues to be successful with audiences across the globe. In 2016 we were acquired by our publisher, Nexon, and now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary, allowing us the stability of a larger studio but the feel of a smaller, indie game team.

Our goals are simple: Make great games, strive to always be improving, and live up to the motto you gotta have fun to make fun.

This a full-time position onsite at our studio in Timonium, MD.
Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID19 positions will begin remote before transitioning to onsite.

Applicants should download DomiNations on iOS or Android and be prepared to discuss the game.",4.9,"Big Huge Games
4.9","Timonium, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
162,Operations Strategic Data Analyst - Healthcare,"$54k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Operations Strategic Data Analyst embraces complex, disparate data sets and leading technologies – including Amazon Web Services, Redshift, Alteryx, and Tableau – to design data models, craft scoring methodologies and develop algorithms that inform the leaders of our business on our performance. This individual will be working directly on Healthfirst strategic initiatives to identify solutions that have visibility at the highest levels of the company.

Duties & Responsibilities:

Operate with intellectual curiosity and critically assess existing processes and procedures to identify opportunities for improvement
Develop complex analyses requiring the integration of multiple data sources, evaluation of data quality, and standardization of data to consistent format/structure
Create advanced queries and reports that extract data to support business teams’ needs, including working with nesting tables and temp tables and writing multiple conditions against varying data sets)
Summarize and present data outcomes, recommendations, and methodology to analytics leadership, department leadership, and enterprise stakeholders
Learn, adopt and leverage leading analytical tools and technologies to further the maturity of departmental analytics at-large which may include the development of procedures in Amazon Redshift, workflows in Alteryx, or other solutions as required
Hold oneself accountable for the accuracy, completeness, quality, and relevance of deliverables in order to own responsibility for work product and consider these factors in the end-to-end analytical process, from data gathering to analysis to formatting and presentation
Employ best practices in documentation, coding style and comments to facilitate persistence, re-usability, and scalability of your solutions
Document and escalate data issues as appropriate
Exhibit collaborative attitude, willingness to work with others on data projects that included working team(s) made of cross departmental/interdisciplinary users
Additional duties as assigned

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution or equivalent relevant work experience
Working experience exhibiting strong critical thinking and analytical skills
Advanced MS Excel skills that include creating pivot tables, macros, utilizing v/h lookups and/or VBA
Familiarity with writing SQL (and/or SAS) queries for analyzing data and establishing business rules and requirements
Familiarity with relational database structures, theories, principles and practices
Familiarity with data models and/or data modelling
Ability to understand the data life-cycle within the organization and its impact on the business
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment
Ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing while demonstrating good grammar, spelling and punctuation skills
Work experience requiring meticulous attention to detail

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Sciences, Engineering, Business Analytics, Informatics, or similar concentration
Experience working with SQL in a professional environment
Experience with Alteryx, Tableau, Amazon Redshift, QlikView, or other similar tools/platforms
Familiarity with statistical principles, such as standard deviations, normal distributions, and regressions
Familiarity with Python and/or R
Familiarity with healthcare data
Balances working independently with an understanding of when to escalate with questions/issues
Ability to work effectively with both business and technical stakeholders

Compliance & Regulatory Responsibilities: N/A

License/Certification: N/A

WE ARE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. Applicants and employees are considered for positions and are evaluated without regard to mental or physical disability, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected Federal, State/Province or Local status unrelated to the performance of the work involved.

If you have a disability under the Americans with Disability Act or a similar law, and want a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to careers@Healthfirst.org or calling 212-519-1798 . In your email please include a description of the accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a position within Healthfirst Management Services will be reviewed at the e-mail address and phone number supplied. Thank you for considering a career with Healthfirst Management Services.

EEO Law Poster and Supplement",3.1,"Healthfirst
3.1","Lake Mary, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
163,Senior Data Analyst,"$40k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Data Analyst*
Responsibilities will focus on providing detailed financial and operational reporting as well as enhancing, creating and analysis of key performance indications via push reporting form a data warehouse.

DUTIES
Maintain the data warehouse, the data warehouse infrastructure, ETL pipelines from enterprise systems to the data warehouse, and the integrity of the data therein.
Hands-on experience working with MS SQL Server (MySQL, Hive and SSIS are a plus)
Building SQL reports and dashboards that interpret data to expose patterns and trends.
Automating the collection of data from available sources while identifying new opportunities for automation.
Assist in developing and tracking relevant business metrics that help drive business success, as well as the periodic communications of those metrics to key stakeholders.
Help with in-depth periodic analysis of business metrics and variance analysis.
Ensure all data warehouse reporting reconciles to existing management systems.
Aid in the preparation and development of detailed budgets and forecasts, including P&L, cash flow, and balance sheet projections on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis.
Complete ad hoc analysis as needed.
Provide input to the management team as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS
Degree in accounting, finance or quantitative discipline preferred.
Minimum of 3 years’ experience in FP&A, Business Analytics or Corporate Strategy
STARTING SALARY RANGE: $75,000

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $75,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Analytics, Strategy or FP&A: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.hmespecialists.com
Work Remotely:
No",3.2,"HME SPECIALISTS, LLC
3.2","Albuquerque, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
164,Senior Finance Data Analyst,"$81k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Qualys is seeking a Senior Finance Data Analyst with a strong experience in data management and financial reporting and systems. Responsibilities include establishing and maintaining Master Data standards and items within the Qualys systems and monitoring and validating the integrity of data as well as supporting corrective actions related to variances to standard. He/she will also help maintain systems and manage information used for financial administration and key financial metrics and reporting and assist in setting up automated reporting and financial analysis.

Responsibilities include:
Implement, optimize, and maintain financial systems and augment it with a separate data warehouse as needed
Create, maintain, monitor, and analyze all master data in ERP & CRM and integrated solutions
Ensure and enhance data quality and train users to ensure continuity of results
Provide creative yet logical approaches to solving data problems
Perform various levels of data validation across multiple systems
Create and manage the data dictionary to support change management efforts
Draft and maintain policies, procedures, and other documentation to ensure uniform, accurate, and consistent data are present
Provide testing support for upgrades and releases, including integration testing from various sources to target systems
Assist in setting up hierarchies and maintain consistency across different systems
Assist with data and analysis requests, providing detailed backups and explanations as needed
Build and support complex planning and forecasting models using the Anaplan platform
Build Anaplan Visualizations
Set up and automate reporting and charting and analyze trends and patterns
Perform other ad hoc responsibilities as necessary
You are:
A strong team player with a positive, service-oriented attitude who drives process improvements to increase effectiveness of the team and minimize room for errors
Hands-on, detail-oriented, and organized; prior experience having gathered, structured, monitored, and validated data to ensure data integrity and detailed documentation; has developed a habit of checking the accuracy of data and analysis several times over before submitting for review
A self-starter and high-achiever with a focus on doing a great job
A superior problem solver, possessing the initiative to look into the details and interpret the impact of key business drivers
Excellent multi-tasker who has strong time and project management skills and understands the importance of planning in advance to meet deadlines that include multiple review points and iterations
Strong communicator, both written & verbal; reliable and responsive to email and phone communications
Highest level of integrity and good judgment with the ability to effectively deal with highly sensitive, confidential information
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Accounting/Finance/Business or related field
Minimum of combined 4 years of hands on experience building Anaplan models and/or master data management in an ERP or CRM system
Experience querying data from a native source (ERP, CRM or database). Understanding of backend data and database structures
Experience partnering with FP&A and to deliver insightful information
Hands on experience with NetSuite, Salesforce, and Admin is a plus
High proficiency with Excel is a must, including ability to build automated Excel models from scratch (e.g., vlookup, sumif, iferror, etc.); VBA, SQL and ODBC knowledge preferred
Data organization and management skills. Technical expertise with data models, data import methodologies, database design development, and data mining; preferred experience with a BI tool",3.1,"Qualys
3.1","Foster City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
165,Operations Data Analyst I,-1,"WHO WE ARE

We are Allvue Systems, a rapidly growing software company formed by the merger of AltaReturn and Black Mountain. Allvue has over 420 employees in offices throughout North America, Europe and Asia. We are the leading provider of software solutions for the Private Capital and Fixed Income markets. Whether a client wants an end-to-end technology suite, or independently focused modules, Allvue helps eliminate the boundaries between systems, information, and people. We're looking for ambitious, smart, and creative individuals to join our team and help our clients achieve their goals

SUMMARY

Reporting to the Head of PMO, the Operations Data Analyst will be responsible for working with our various technological systems to collect, analyze and report on data to support the Professional Services team.

This role will have responsibility for creating reports, identifying data errors, and providing insights and recommendations to business decision-makers. The candidate is expected to quickly build technical and content expertise about our platform, as well as the touch-points through which the operations teams interact with our customers.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop KPIs, reports, and dashboards using BI/data visualization tools at the direction of the senior management team to track the effectiveness of current strategies
Operationalize data processes: provide the team with ad-hoc analysis, automated dashboards, and self-service reporting tools so that everyone gets a good sense of the state of the business
Proactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performance, investigating and communicating areas for improvement in efficiency and productivity
Work with team members and mentors to distill the problem, adapt your tools to answer complicated questions, and identify the trade-offs between speed and quality of different approaches
Play a key role in defining, documenting, and implementing key project data governance processes (e.g., data quality issue management) to help monitor the health of our business and projects
Create dashboards to identify potential data issues or unusual trend
Training end users on new reports and dashboards and communicate findings effectively to anyone in the company from executives to staff
Other duties as assigned by management.
QUALIFICATIONS (SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES REQUIRED)
Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Applied Statistics, or related field required
2+ years of relevant work experience in Reporting, Analysis and/or Business Intelligence
Experience using data visualization tools like Tableau, Looker.
Strong interpersonal skills including collaborating and team building.
Strong analytical, planning, and organizational skills with an ability to manage competing priorities.
Excellent oral and written communications skills and experience interacting with both business and IT individuals at all levels including the executive level.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment.Ability to track multiple projects running in parallel.
Habitually do more than asked.
WHAT WE OFFER
Fun, fast-paced work environment
Constantly evolving, cutting edge technology
The ability to make a significant impact immediately upon jumping in
An opportunity to work with some of the best firms and the best people in the financial industry
The ability to create change in the product we sell, by using the very same solution (in a very different way) to perform your daily job
Numerous team building activities to promote collaboration
Unlimited PTO
Allvue Systems provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) for all employees and applicants for employment. We recognize the real value of bringing people together from diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives - we don't just accept difference, we celebrate and support it. We are committed to advancing these efforts through our strategies to hire, promote, create and support a diverse and inclusive environment throughout our workforce and workplace. It is our policy to prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local law. In addition, Allvue will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.",3.6,"Allvue Systems
3.6","Chicago, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
166,Sr. Analyst - Big Data Engineer,"$61k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","British American Tobacco
Job Number: 26901

Reynolds American Incorporated is positively transforming the tobacco industry. We’re a family of companies that strives for success in everything we do. The future inspires us because our people are igniting the breakthroughs that are redefining the ways adult tobacco consumers enjoy tobacco in the 21st century.

When other companies talk about growth, they only talk about size. At Reynolds American, we focus on the growth of our people. We take pride in each other’s growth and well-being throughout our careers. We invest in your career and total well-being because we know our companies succeed when our people thrive.

ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION:

Reynolds American Inc. is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., and the U.S. parent company of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc.; American Snuff Company, LLC; Niconovum USA, Inc.; Niconovum AB; R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company; Lorillard Licensing Company, LLC; and Reynolds Brands, Inc.. This position is with RAI Services Company (2200).

Here, you’ll have the opportunity to work on iconic brands and revolutionary products by collaborating with visionary, principled and passionate people every day.

The Big Data/Data Science Engineer role is a highly visible position that is an integral part of the Information & Digital Technology (IDT) team with tremendous career growth opportunities. This position provides an opportunity for technology leadership and support to cross-functional client areas and the IDT leadership team.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Serves as a productive project team member delivering high quality results for assigned tasks. Assists the project manager with project planning by assisting with the development of work plans, effort estimates and delivery timelines for assigned tasks
Builds expertise in Project Management discipline by leading and delivering projects (on time, within scope and within budget).
Assists in the identification, development, testing and implementation of new technologies, processes and services to provide the most efficient solutions to accomplish goals.
Effectively engages with contracted vendor services providing input to help monitor and improve the vendor’s performance.
Maintains awareness of emerging technology and communicates value/impact for supported functions.
Analyzes business and client needs to ensure that their big data platform related needs are supported, forecasted, incorporated into technology roadmaps and ultimately implemented in a platform as a service model.
Builds data pipelines to data lakes for new data sources and also data extractions to Data Science solutions and Reporting tools.
Creates POC data science/reporting solutions and explains the solutions to the stake holders.
Operationalize the Models in production and monitors the model drift and data drift.
Analyzes business and client needs to ensure that their unstructured data related needs are supported, forecasted, incorporated into technology roadmaps and ultimately implemented in a platform as a service model.
Lead coding and architecting of end-to-end AI applications on modern data processing technology stack (familiar with Chatbots, Image recognition, NLP, Voice technologies)
Drive collaborative reviews of design, code, data, features implementation performed by other data engineers in support of maintaining data engineering standards
Tests, integrates and maintains technology services, considering cross-functional business needs and Company goals.
Coordinates issue resolution with cross functional teams and vendors.
Builds IT Department services acumen to effectively leverage existing IT services to meet client needs.
Gains understanding of and supports the business processes of the assigned functions.
Interfaces comfortably with internal clients, co-workers and vendors building credibility and championing change.
Provides knowledge transfer and feedback to assist team and co-workers.
Job Requirements:

Education:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Information Systems or related area required, or related business experience
Experience:
Strong knowledge of AI/ML with at least 2-4 years of experience in Python/R programming knowledge required
Required Skills:
Must be a strategic thinker with strong influencing skills.
Demonstrated effective oral and written communication skills including both the ability to address detailed technical communications as well as the ability to distill complete technical status to executive level
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Strong analytical skills with an ability to recommend changes.
Must possess a high sense of urgency and work ethic.
Must be a self-starter who can work with minimal supervision, with the expectation of working as a motivated and cooperative team member.
Must be detail oriented, reliable, financially responsible, and have a proven track record of accomplishments.
Demonstrated ability to challenge the status quo.
Demonstrated experience with cloud infrastructure (AWS Big Data toolsets, CloudFormation, etc.)
Expertise and experience with software development and related techniques and methodologies such Agile
Experience with development of analytics and data science-based solutions using open source tools and libraries is required (Preferably implementing RGM, Marketing Mix, Consumer Segmentation)
Experience in managing production data science models and familiar with model and data drifts.
Experience with development of AI solutions and data science-based solutions using open source tools and libraries is required.
Creating Guard rails for Vendors on AI solutions on NLP, Chatbots, Image recognition & Voice.
Productionalize the full pipeline including distributed Machine Learning models (e.g., training/test pipeline, offer eligibility, data layer, feature layer, etc.)
Proficient in PySpark, Python, SQL, Java/Scala, No SQL
Preferred Skills
Knowledge of AWS Cloud technologies is preferred
Knowledge of Big Data Technologies (EMR, Hadoop, Hive, etc.)
Knowledge of SQL/NoSQL
Strong development experience with Python, Java, Scala, and related Linux-based scripting tools
Compensation/Targeted Bonus
Competitive Annual Salary
Targeted Annual Bonus
Relocation assistance available for those who qualify.
Benefit Summary

Our company offers very competitive benefit plans, including:
401(k) plan that offers opportunity to save on pre- and post-tax basis up to 50 percent of eligible compensation. Company matches 100 percent of employee pre-tax/Roth (401k) contributions up to six percent
Comprehensive health- and welfare-benefits package
Eleven paid company holidays annually, plus a generous paid vacation plan based on length of service
Company-paid sick and personal days, funeral leave and jury duty leave
Confidential personal financial counseling service
On-site health clinics and fitness centers
A matching grants program that enables employees to direct and double their donations to qualifying charitable organizations of their choice
Health-care advocacy service
Volunteer service opportunities
Federal credit union membership through Allegacy Federal Credit Union
Extensive training opportunities
Reynolds American Inc. and its affiliated companies is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Our organization offers a level of challenge, responsibility and creativity for motivated employees that stands apart from the crowd.

We are also committed to employing a diverse workforce and valuing different perspectives, experiences and talents to maximize the company's potential for successfully achieving its business objectives.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact us directly via email at TalentAcquisition@RJRT.com.

California Privacy Notice

Nearest Major Market: Salem
Nearest Secondary Market: Winston
Job Segment:
Database, Engineer, Data Analyst, Information Systems, Computer Science, Technology, Engineering, Data",3.4,"Reynolds American
3.4","Winston-Salem, NC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1875,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
167,Health Data Analyst II,"$51k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Health Data Analyst II is a key member of the Finance management team with responsibility for developing and maintaining analyses to support finance staff and the CFO in meeting corporate objectives.

Key Functions/Responsibilities:

Leads the development and analysis of medical expense and utilization trend report to inform key strategic initiatives to support corporate goals.
Supports the development of effective medical management programs/initiatives through analyzing, monitoring, and reporting the effectiveness of these programs.
Responsible for adhoc analytics including modeling of benefit scenarios. Utilizes statistical applications as necessary.
Supports Finance department on data warehouse redesign requests and works with IT to establish priorities.
Supports corporate initiatives/projects that require analysis of health plan data.
Conducts medical budget to actual analysis.

Qualifications:

Education:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Finance, Statistics, Business, Public Health, or other related quantitative field.

Experience:

2 or more years’ of progressively responsible experience in data modeling, informatics and analysis.
A background in managed healthcare, insurance operations preferred.

Competencies, Skills, and Attributes:

The Analyst II is an experienced user of claims data.
Proficient in SAS, SQL or other statistical software. Must be proficient in Microsoft Excel.
Ability to meet deadlines, multi-task, problem solve and use appropriate technology to analyze business problems. Project management skills a plus.
Strong communications skills, both verbal and written, are required.
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.
Required Skills

Required Experience",2.7,"BMC HealthNet Plan
2.7","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1997,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
168,Energy Analyst/Data Analyst,-1,"Open until filled

Position Summary:

This position is responsible for assisting the Markets Department in the analysis of electric energy supply strategies, power purchase contracts, project development, load trends and rates and pricing strategies in support of the Cooperative's strategic initiatives.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Perform quantitative analysis of historic market pricing data, load data and other factors that drive the strategic decisions for the cooperatives power supply
Create models and tools to automate, increase accuracy and expedite analysis
Assist the Markets Department with database queries, cleaning and formatting of large amounts of data
Identify sources of appropriate economic demographic and load data, design studies to collect and analyze pertinent information in support of load and revenue forecasting activities
Develop and maintain cash flow simulation models for purchased power, load costs and rate recovery
Develop portfolio and market impact analysis based on Nodal Protocols Revision Requests
Develop analytical techniques used in the economic analysis of various supply options and contracts
Develop, analyze and interpret load data to understand customer usage patterns for use in forecasting models, rate design and energy services offerings
Update existing and create new revenue and expense forecasting models using proven methodologies
Compare forecast performance with actual results, explain variances and recommend changes for future forecasting cycles
Perform financial evaluation and analysis of different retail rate structures
Research economic trends, emerging industry issues, impact of technologies, i.e., renewables, energy storage, end-use efficiencies, etc. and develop recommendations regarding their effects on usage patterns and the future demand
Monitor electric market data and factors, regulatory changes and competitor’s rate offerings
Develop and maintain critical information, history and databases
Provide routine and ad-hoc reports and analysis
Develop presentations and reports
Maintain the security of confidential information
Stay abreast of changes in technology

Supervisory and/or Leadership Responsibilities:

May provide technical direction, training and project lead responsibilities

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Knowledge of using computer systems, which may include setting up and using hardware and software programs, entering data, configuration, or processing information
Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer service
Knowledge of ERCOT market operations
Knowledge of ERCOT’s Nodal Protocols and financial settlement concepts
Skilled in time management
Skilled in prioritizing and managing changing priorities
Skilled in prioritizing, time management and managing changing priorities
Skilled in project management
Ability to function in a complex, rapid changing environment
Ability to query data, manipulate databases, and create reports and dashboards from databases
Ability to compute and interpret complex financial and statistical data
Ability to stay organized amid many evolving projects; detail-oriented and methodical with large amounts of data
Ability to manipulate and analyze data
Ability to work in a team oriented environment providing ideas and open feedback
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing
Ability to listen and understand information verbally and in writing
Ability to anticipate, identify, analyze and resolve conflict and problems

Minimum Qualifications – (Education, Experience, Certification, & Licensure):

Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Economics, Accounting, Finance or related discipline
Five years relevant experience
Directly related experience may substitute for education
Valid Driver’s License

Preferred Qualifications:

Advanced degree
Forecasting, statistical analysis and financial evaluation experience
Five years querying and managing large data sets
Advanced user of Microsoft Excel
Advanced user of database querying tools
Proficiency with SQL, VBA, and other programming languages
Experience with scrubbing and managing large data sets

Pedernales Electric Cooperative is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, sexual orientation and gender identity.",3.0,"Pedernales Electric Cooperative
3.0","Johnson City, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1938,Nonprofit Organization,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
169,Data Analyst,"$29k-$53k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary: The Information Technology Data Analyst is responsible for the organization's data, making sure that the data repositories produce consistent, reusable quality data. The IT Data Analyst develops analysis and reporting capabilities across the organization, with an emphasis on fundraising (approximately 65%), and monitors performance and quality control plans to identify improvements. This position works collaboratively with management and key stakeholders, to identify business needs and to develop a plan that will assist the organization with meeting or exceeding its objectives.
Responsibilities
Develop, implement and maintain databases, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality; locate and correct coding issues
Acquire and maintain data from secondary data sources
Create visualizations from views using BI reporting tools
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets using statistical techniques
Develop policies and procedures for the collection and analysis of data
Review and validate departmental customer data as it is collected
Filter and clean data by reviewing reports and performance indicators
Identify and define new process improvement opportunities
Provide basic BI software training for end-users
Serve as a member of the Data Governance team
Qualifications
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, databases, and programming, such as SQL Server, and ETL frameworks
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at writing queries and reports; presenting findings
Ability to work well under pressure, managing changing timelines and conflicting demands
BS in Information Management, Statistics or related field
3+ years’ experience with Salesforce
3+ years’ experience with BI tools, such as Power BI (preferred)
Strong understanding of fundraising processes and reporting needs (preferred)
Change management skills; ability to organize and execute required system changes
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to understand requirements and explain technical issues to non-technical staff
Ability to work with people from all levels inside and outside of the organization
Salary Range: $50,181 - $57,708
Competitive Benefits
PLEASE FOLLOW DIRECTIONS BELOW.
How To Apply:
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to: humanresources@girlsinc.org no later than September 30, 2020. No phone calls, please.
GIRLS INC. IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.",3.6,"Girls Inc
3.6","Indianapolis, IN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1945,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
170,Data Science Analyst,"$50k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Job Description:

We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Science Support Analyst to support a client’s requirements in a challenging, dynamic setting located in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The position is for the Pathfinder contract. This Analyst will be responsible for constructing scripts and configuration controls to facilitate analysts performing repeatable complex database queries in multiple databases. This Analyst will be responsible for creating automated-scripting to assist analysts with data discovery. The Analyst will be required to work both independently and collaboratively with teams to create solutions in support of the customer.

Requirements:

• 3 to 10 years of experience is required

BA/BS degree is required. However, 6 years of work experience may be substituted

for a Bachelor's degree

Knowledge of IC mission, organizations, policies, procedures, and requirements

• Experience in IC related data science research and analysis

Experience supporting complex data science and analytic projects
Experience/knowledge of computer science concepts including programming, statistics, data architecture, and data analytics
Skill and experience in programming, statistics, and/or data architecture
Experience with quantitative and qualitative content analytics
Experience constructing and performing complex database search queries across multiple databases
TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance is required

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Development

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company’s 38,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Va., Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $11.09 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2020. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
171,Senior Marketing Data Analyst,"$58k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Avant is revolutionizing the world of lending by lowering the costs and barriers of borrowing for everyday people. At our core, we are a technology company that builds advanced platforms and uses custom analytics. Today, we help underserved consumers, the majority of whom get fast funding on our online platform without having to talk to anyone. Tomorrow we plan to use our world class technology and underwriting capabilities to launch new products and bank partnerships that improve people’s financial lives.

We are looking for a highly energetic Marketing Analytics Associate to join our Marketing Team as we grow Avant’s digital banking business, loan, credit card, and more. The right candidate possesses a passion for driving Marketing initiatives using analytical techniques and thrive in the complex environment of experimentation design, marketing optimization, and ROI. This position will report to the Head of Marketing Analytics and work with cross-functional teams consisting of Product, Risk, Operations, and Compliance. Do you want to help a rapidly ascending FinTech company drive its next phase of growth? If so, Avant is looking for you.
What you do at Avant:
Own and drive strategic analytical projects and insights to influence and support Avant’s Marketing initiatives
Perform in-depth Marketing funnel analysis to drive insights on attribution, causation, and incremental lift
Choose accurate metrics for tracking, measuring, optimizing, and improving marketing campaigns across traditional and digital channels.
Drive standardization for data collection procedures to generate information that is relevant for building analytic systems
Develop reports and provide insights behind the data to help marketers be effective.
Collaborate with stakeholders to define and operationalize KPIs for short- and long-term measurements that align with company financial goals and marketing strategy.
Implement and analyze A/B or Multivariate Tests to provide measurable insights to the marketing team on the test data.
Present findings to senior management to drive business and marketing decisions.

Why you are a fit for Avant:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a field that requires quantitative analysis
Advanced SQL, Python or R
Proficiency with Excel or a similar analytical tool (exposure to Looker, Tableau, PowerBi or similar tools is a plus)
Work experience in Marketing Analytics function
Demonstrative management or leadership experience
Experience with Marketing “tech stack” including (not limited to) Google Analytics, Tealium, Heap, Responsys are a huge plus
Understanding of data architecture and how to structure customer and campaign data
Ability to think strategically to understand key stakeholder requests and advocate for data-driven solutions.
An inquisitive, logical mindset with an attention to details- they matter!
Ability to break down complex issues into manageable pieces
Strong written and oral communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences
Thrives in a fast paced and dynamic environment
Why Avant is a fit for you:

At Avant, we believe our values make a difference:
-We value, support, and help each other grow
-We are committed to active inclusion and diversity
-We are transparent and believe the best idea wins
-We succeed when our customers succeed
-We get sh!t done… responsibly
-And we keep it fun!

We believe that ideas are more important than titles, everything is more fun together, everyone drives change, and everyone is an owner. While we believe the perks and benefits that we offer are terrific, nothing excites us more than having the ability to collaborate with intelligent, highly-motivated and talented people on challenging problems as we work to change the face of online lending.",3.1,"Avant
3.1","Chicago, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
172,Finance Data Analyst Internship - Paid,"$65k-$79k
(Employer Est.)","Finance Data Analyst Internship
Paid Internship - Summer 2021
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Uline seeks summer 2021 Finance Data Analyst Interns at its Corporate Headquarters in Pleasant Prairie, WI.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Design, develop, implement and maintain various dashboards and tools.
Utilize SQL and VBA to create tools to increase efficiency in financial processes.
Support the finance department with SQL queries (querying data) and ad hoc analytical tasks.
Gain exposure to multiple business units including Corporate Finance, Accounting, Credit Research / Analysis, Tax, Operations and Corporate Audit.
Enhance technical and financial skills through on-the-job experience and training.

Minimum Requirements
Candidates must be pursuing a Bachelor's degree related to Finance, IT, or Analytics.
SQL or relevant programming experience preferred.
Demonstrate strong problem solving, analytical, leadership and communication skills.
Ability to work on tasks independently.
Microsoft Excel skills required, Access skills a plus.

Benefits of a Uline Internship
Gain professional work experience in an area related to your degree.
Work in a positive, well-balanced environment.
Learn about the industry from all levels of Uline management.
Potential opportunity, upon graduation, for full-time employment with a successful, fast-growing company!
Housing available for those who live more than 50 miles away.

Intern Perks
On-site café with meals and dinner-to-go options prepared by executive chefs.
First-class fitness center with sauna and complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Outings throughout the summer with interns across all departments.
Intern specific Lunch and Learns.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a privately held, family-owned company known for incredible service and quality products. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products found in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Our quality products, huge inventory and ongoing expansion fuel our incredible growth. This is a great time to join Uline!

Apply online today to join us in 2021!

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Milwaukee, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
173,"Product Analyst, Data","$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Reonomy leverages big data, partnerships and machine learning to connect the fragmented, disparate world of commercial real estate. By providing unparalleled access to property intelligence, Reonomy products empower individuals, teams, and companies to unlock insights and discover new opportunities.

Headquartered in New York, Reonomy has raised $128 million from top investors, including Sapphire Ventures, Bain Capital, Softbank, Primary Ventures, Georgian Partners, Wells Fargo Strategic Capital, Citi Ventures, and Untitled Investments. Our clients represent the biggest names in CRE, including Newmark Knight Frank, CBRE, Cushman & Wakefield, and Tishman Speyer.

If you're excited by growth, innovation and the ability to shape one of the biggest markets, join us as our journey is just beginning!

ABOUT THE ROLE:

Our growing Product team is looking for a Product Analyst to join Reonomy! You should be someone who is passionate about data with an investigative mindset and a knack for connecting the dots! As our Product Analyst focused on data, you'll investigate new data sources and design the process to be followed by other researchers. As the first person in this role, you will play a vital part in defining our analytics strategy and methodology. You will partner with Engineers and Product Managers to surface insights about our data, formulate a product roadmap, and assist team members cross-functionally with all data related inquiries.

Would you describe yourself as an inquisitive self-starter, energized by the possibility of joining a growth stage tech company? Then this Product Analyst role is for you!
Responsibilities Include:
Partner with engineers and product managers to surface insights from our data and help formulate our product roadmap
Conduct investigations into our underlying data sources and assist other members of the organization with data-related inquiries
Evaluate new data partners and government data sources to identify product development opportunities
Help design and build data prototypes to form the backbone of new products
Dive into the world of commercial real estate and the related datasets, including geospatial data, business data, government data, and client data
Help procure or create test sets to evaluate machine learning algorithms
Become an expert on our product suite and the way people use them
Define and analyze metrics and communicate insights to the rest of the organization
Collaborate with designers and engineers to create a best-in-class user experience
Engage with customers to understand feedback from our users and communicate findings
ABOUT YOU:
1+ years of experience in a role that involves data analysis
Commercial Real Estate knowledge, preferred but not required
Experience with SQL and coding, or at least a strong desire to learn
Excellent analytical skills, with a desire to tackle complex problems
Strong interpersonal skills, with a desire to work on a highly collaborative team
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
A detail oriented mind with inclination for investigative data work
Proactive and persistent
Benefits:
Competitive salary
Company stock options
100% coverage on medical, vision and dental health plans
Unlimited Vacation
401k plan and commuter benefits
Access to our Continuing Education Stipend
Perks: WFH package, FREE ClassPass membership, FREE Headspace premium membership, FREE Citi Bike membership, & team outings!
*Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.

*We do not accept unsolicited resumes from outside recruiters/placement agencies. Reonomy will not pay fees associated with resumes presented through unsolicited means.",4.1,"Reonomy
4.1","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
174,Intern - Data Analyst,-1,"Data Analyst

2021 Paid Summer Internship

Zions
Bancorporation’s Enterprise Technology and Operations (ETO) team is
transforming what it means to work for a financial institution. We operate in a
fast-paced, information-driven environment, which means we need people who
bring diverse experiences, perspectives, and expertise to meet the
ever-changing demands of a technology-driven world. We are grounded in the
belief that “improving the work is the work” as we drive to create simple,
easy, and fast solutions for our customers. Your ability to adapt, learn, and
innovate helps increase revenue, reduce operational costs, and mitigates risk.

ETO
provides opportunities for you to own your career growth through Diversity,
Equity, and Inclusion, Women in Technology, and Workforce of the Future
initiatives that allow you to network across the organization, volunteer in our
community, and build your technical and soft skills. Together we are building a
culture that values diversity and creates a space of belonging for all our team
members. We believe that investing in your success is an investment in our
customers and our business. Our people are what sets us apart and make us
great.

Zions Technology Strategy &
Programs Division of ETO is looking for a Data
Analyst Intern.

The intern will assist technology
support functions in integrating large data sets, analyzing the data, deriving
key findings and trends, and developing reporting. Projects will range from supporting areas
like IT Risk Management to IT Services Management (Incident, Problem, Change
and Release Management).

The position will
involve using a broad set of tools to query, analyze, and summarize information
quickly. Candidates should have both an
analytical mindset and ability to graphically depict the data for providing
both historical information as well as future predictions.

The intern will have
both rotational opportunities to gain background in horizontal technology
support functions and specific project work to apply learnings. Project results will be presented with an
emphasis on covering the approach taken and findings/results.

Please include a cover letter
listing your degree and describing your skills and experience in the data
analysis space, noting relevant school projects or business applications of
your skills.
Qualifications:

Working on a Bachelor's degree or Master’s degree in
mathematics, statistics, science, accounting, finance, business, computer
science, economics, or a related field;
Enjoy analyzing and building models using large sets of
data;
Strong analytical and organizational skills;
Strong written, verbal, and presentation skills;
Strong attention to detail;
Experience creating reports and dashboards using tools
like ClickView or Tableau;
Experience with MS Excel, Word, and PowerPoint;
Experience with database management tools such as SQL
and MS Access.",3.3,"Zions Bancorporation
3.3","West Valley City, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
175,Data Analyst,-1,"Our client, a high-growth investment management company located Downtown Chicago, is looking to add a Data Analyst to their team! The company has more than doubled their asset portfolio in less than 2 years due to acquisitions. This is a newly-created role due to the rapid growth!

They utilized data from proprietary sources that is both structured and unstructured. The Data Analyst will work closely with the technologists and data scientists and be responsible for the day to day data management operations of the firm.

Job Description:
Sourcing and management of data sets to support strategy and segmentation function.
Segmentation, ad hoc analytics, and test design to support decisioning within collections and recovery.
Support through interpretation of monthly performance results across collections portfolios including shifts in customer risk profile as well as strategy performance.
Drive profitability assessment of strategies through risk / return analysis using financial modelling.
The ideal candidate will have:
Bachelors Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, Economics, Finance, or other quantitative fields.
Masters Degree preferred
Financial services experience preferred
2+ years of experience in analytics (ideally scorecard development / monitoring, customer segmentation, strategy development in Credit Risk, Marketing or Collection). Graduate Degree with 1+ years of experience will also be considered.
Working knowledge of SQL
Proficiency in scripting languages R, Python, etc
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Management: 2 years (Preferred)
Data Warehouse: 2 years (Preferred)
Data Mining: 2 years (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,International Financial Group (IFG),"Chicago, IL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
176,Data Quality Control Analyst,-1,"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is seeking multiple Data Quality Control Analysts to work on customization and optimization of Publicly Available Information (PAI) data ingestion. The analyst will work closely with technical teams to execute on client expectations concerning evolving technical requirements, breadth and depth of collection, and accuracy of content. The selected candidates will perform testing on collected media content that has been processed using natural language processing and machine learning to provide feedback to the Machine Learning Team. In addition, they will coordinate and customize human analyst workflow.

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree required
Strong quantitative reasoning and writing skills are a must as well as the ability to work well with teams or individually with minimal supervision
Technical proficiency with web-based applications
Apply filters and parse data sets
Demonstrated competency analyzing geopolitical affairs and world event
Conduct quality control analysis of geopolitical content and provide feedback to technical development team
Desired Skills:
Prior experience utilizing traditional intelligence collection and analysis tools
Prior experience conducting manual testing on intelligence related products
Experience integrating multiple data sources to produce analytics and reports
Capability to apply principles of data science and data management to identify trends and patterns in unstructured news media content
Academic-quality research and writing skills
Capability to rapidly master and apply specialized software suites to daily workflow
Foreign language proficiency (Russian, Mandarin, or Farsi) preferred
Security Clearance:
Candidates must be eligible for a security clearance, ACTIVE Secret clearance is preferred.
Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.

For more details, or to submit a referral: bit.ly/NovettaReferrals

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
177,Data Analyst,-1,"JOB DESCRIPTION:
Summary
Will work alongside RnD staff to extract, process, plot and interpret data collected from variety of chemical and sensor experiments. Data may also come from deployed sensor networks.

Required Skillsets
• Seeking 1-5 years of experience in Data collection and analytics
• BS or equivalent in CS, Electrical Engineering, Data Sciences. Candidates should have a range of courses on statistics, SPC and databases
• Comfortable with python programming
• Experience with JMP and interpreting / working with Matlab
• Experience with Excel and Powerpoint would be desirable
• A team player

CONTACT INFORMATION:
Sandra Montes
Sandra@OSIEngineering.com
220.2800 x 108
OSIJOBS",4.7,"OSI Engineering
4.7","Newark, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
178,Consumer Lending Data Analyst,"$44k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are searching for a Consumer Lending Data Analyst to research and analyze data in order to make strategic business recommendations. In this role, you will perform competitor research to enhance our product strategy and direction. Having 3 years' experience in a complex analyst role will help you succeed in this role. Additionally, having an understating of lending principals and risk metrics will help the candidate be successful.

Here's what you can expect from the job and what you need to be successful:

Job Duties:

In partnership with key stakeholders, analyze, test and launch new initiatives to increase productivity
Provide data driven insights and recommendations to various departments within the credit union
Perform key competitor research and analysis to better inform product strategy and direction
Creating advanced reports, dashboards and deep dive analyses that inform and drive the
credit union’s product and business strategy
Create and refine predictive models on product, marketing, and risk initiatives
Uncover actionable insights for increased product performance
Partnering with marketing, finance and digital teams to enable business and systems synergy

Essential Skills:

Minimum 3 years’ previous experience in a complex analyst role; financial institution strongly preferred
Minimum 3 years’ previous experience with data collection methodologies
Experience with relational databases, e.g., SQL, Alteryx, and Tableau will help you succeed in this role
Familiarity with coding languages, e.g., R, Python
Strong understanding of statistical overlays and models for predictive analytics
Ability to analyze data from a strategic point of view and contribute to and influence discussions that drive the business
Ability to use key performance metrics and data to provide insights and make strategic business recommendations
Proficiency to organize, analyze and interpret data to explain complex irregularities or trends
Form strong relationships with cross-functional teams where support, resources and synergy is needed
Basic understanding of lending principals and risk metrics
Project Management experience; familiarity with Six Sigma/DMAIC methodologies
Expert knowledge of Excel
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, other related fields of study or equivalent experience

Location: Hillsboro, OR 97124

First Tech is not currently offering Visa sponsorship for this position

FT123

#LI-EK

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.3,"First Tech Federal Credit Union
3.3","Hillsboro, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
179,Intern - Data Analyst,-1,"Join Episerver in an exciting Internship as a Data Analyst with our Product Team.

As a Data Analyst Intern, you will:
Analyzing historical win/loss data as well as identifying trends in the business
Analyzing product usage by region and customer
Developing reports for C suite
Requirements:
Interested in business
Must be pursuing a Bachelors degree with a major finance or business
Needs to know Excel with experience building pivot tables
This internship will be for 6 months long, 20-25 hours/week, remote-based USA. You will be compensated at $18.00/hour. There are no benefits offered.",4.2,"Episerver
4.2",United States,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
180,Quality Data Analyst,"$41k-$73k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Jubilant HollisterStier LLC provides a complete range of services to support the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industries. The Allergy business is a worldwide leader in the manufacture of allergenic extracts, targeted primarily at treating allergies and asthma. Jubilant HollisterStier is also a nationally recognized contract manufacturer of sterile injectable vials, and lyophilized products. Jubilant HollisterStier is owned by Jubilant Life Sciences.

Reporting to the Director of QA Operations, The Quality Data Analyst is responsible for data collection, statistical analysis, and investigative reporting functions for all Jubilant Pharma facilities. Essential responsibilities include but are not limited to:

Collect, analyze, trend, and manage quality-related data, and communicate results to upper management.
Prepare and distribute monthly Quality dashboard.
Prepare and distribute monthly Effeciency Matrix.
Perform Quality System Trending (to include metrics) related to: Incidents, CAPAs, Customer Complaints, Change Controls, EDRs, CERs, Internal Audits, etc.
Develop and maintain a pharmaceutical Quality By Design (QbD) policy and program to collect and evaluate critical process parameters from each product line as it matures through its life cycle.
Develop and prepare common, practical, and relevant metrics from across the Jubilant Pharma facilities in order to identify the most efficient and effective utilization of capital and human resources.

Qualifications:

Bachelor of Arts or Science required. Preferred majors are any hard sciences, mathematics, or statistics.
Minimum of 5 years related experience.
Must have 3 years pharmaceutical experience.
FDA Regulated Industry experience is required.
Must have solid understanding and proven performance utilizing statistical analysis.
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint is required.
Physical Requirements: Prolonged sitting.

Jubilant HollisterStier is a great place to grow!

If you’re up for a rewarding challenge, we invite you to take the first step and apply today!

http://www.jubilantcareer.jubl.com

Jubilant HollisterStier is an EEO/AA Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

If you require assistance applying for a position, please contact our HR Department at:

HResources@jhs.jubl.com",3.0,"Episerver
4.2","Spokane, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
181,Senior Scientific Data Analyst (CDC COVID-19 Response Support),"$67k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular

GDIT is hiring Senior Scientific Data Analysts to provide support to the Epidemiology Task Force: Ongoing COVID-19 Response Support. Due to the recent events caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the CDC Epidemiology Task Force is responsible for identifying and tracking COVID-19 cases, spread and containment. The COVID-19 Epidemiology Task Force Response is critical to accomplishing the CDC’s mission and goals during the COVID-19 pandemic. This position will give support across several teams within the task force.

A scientific data analyst has the necessary education and work experiences to effectively provide data analysis, data management, and data visualization support to the task force. These roles are supporting enhanced COVID-19 surveillance efforts and epidemiological studies. Successful candidates will be at an intermediate to advanced coding level in SAS or R (both is preferred).

RESPONSIBILITIES (vary with years of relevant experience and education):

Monitor data submissions from research study partners
Provide data cleaning and management support for research studies and surveillance platforms
Ensure the security and confidentiality of analytical data files and provide data file documentation describing the scientific data source.
Manage epidemiological and laboratory data by using SAS or equivalent statistical package (e.g. R)
Familiarity with data management software packages (e.g. R, REDCap, Microsoft Access, Excel, EpiInfo, STATA, etc.)
Conduct analyses including frequencies, longitudinal data analysis, and univariate and multivariate modeling techniques (linear regression, logistic regression, generalized linear models, and survival analysis)
Perform data quality assurance activities, including identifying and resolving any inconsistencies in data flow, data outside legitimate ranges, and illogical data responses
Manage data stored in a variety of file formats such as SAS datasets, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, SQL, and ASCII files
Manipulate and transform data that are stored in a variety of file formats
Explore the use of data visualization platforms (e.g. R, Power BI, mapping software) to quickly summarize study findings
Support data visualization activities (both for hypothesis generation and to share data with the response) in order to develop communication materials such as data sets, slide sets and summary reports
Work on ongoing basis to improve and automate code
Conducts weekly data cleaning and generate weekly error reports
Database management and upkeep as well as complete ad hoc data requests
Determine sampling methodologies to implement if case counts exceed certain thresholds, characterize surveillance back-fill to help with real-time interpretation of data
Compile individual-level data submitted from multiple external partners in diverse data formats and merge with laboratory testing results from CDC or contract laboratories
Track completeness and quality of data over time
Prepare summary tables and descriptive analyses of results on a regular basis
Create and modify SAS (or other) programs used for data management and create documentation for programs describing their functions and associated processes and output
Support the design, development, and implementation of surveillance tools to collect epidemiologic data
Communicate analytic results to internal CDC staff and external partners in a clear, concise and timely manner
Assist researchers in developing analytical programs in SAS or R and assist researchers in determining the appropriate statistical techniques to apply to their analyses

QUALIFICATIONS:

Required Skills and Experience

Bachelor’s degree with 4+ years relevant experience; or Masters degree and 2+ years (preferably a M.S. in statistics or mathematics,, or MPH with a concentration in Epidemiology or Biostatistics)
Capable of high level programming in SAS and/or R for data analysis, data visualizations, and data management

Desired Skills and Experience:

Recent CDC experience
Experience on an outbreak response in any capacity

#GDITpriority

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.6,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.6","Atlanta, GA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
182,Intern - Data Analyst or Business Analyst,-1,"Data Analyst or Business
Analyst Intern
2021 Paid Summer Intern

Zions
Bancorporation’s Enterprise Technology and Operations (ETO) team is transforming
what it means to work for a financial institution. We operate in a fast-paced,
information-driven environment, which means we need people who bring diverse
experiences, perspectives, and expertise to meet the ever-changing demands of a
technology-driven world. We are grounded in the belief that “improving the work
is the work” as we drive to create simple, easy, and fast solutions for our
customers. Your ability to adapt, learn, and innovate helps increase revenue,
reduce operational costs, and mitigates risk.

ETO
provides opportunities for you to own your career growth through Diversity,
Equity, and Inclusion, Women in Technology, and Workforce of the Future
initiatives that allow you to network across the organization, volunteer in our
community, and build your technical and soft skills. Together we are building a
culture that values diversity and creates a space of belonging for all our team
members. We believe that investing in your success is an investment in our
customers and our business. Our people are what sets us apart and make us
great.

Members of the FutureCore team
are building the next generation of banking technology at Zions Bancorporation.
By joining our team, you can make a difference in the lives of our customers
and help us develop innovative banking solutions for them.

We are currently seeking a
highly-motivated Data Analyst or Business Analyst Intern to join our team. In
this exciting role, you will work with a team of dedicated individuals
committed to deliver results and support program objectives. You’ll also have
opportunities to collaborate with others to develop creative solutions for
challenges.

You will be an excellent fit
for this position if you have the desire, skills, and experience to:
Review,
analyze, and evaluate functional aspects and data requirements of an
application or system to develop solutions for system interfaces.
Actively
participate in requirements, design, development, and quality assurance (QA)
processes of the project.
Perform
data analysis and research activities.
Assist
in producing project documentation and specifications.
Identify
opportunities for process automation and implement solutions.
Track
project performance against key performance metrics
Create
and distribute status reports and other project communications.
Qualifications:

Must
be working toward Bachelor's (taking upper division courses) or Masters degree
in Information Systems, Data Analytics or other related field.
Strong
analytical, organizational, and problem-solving skills.
Well-developed
communication skills (both written and verbal).
Ability
to work and contribute in a collaborative team environment.
Strong
interpersonal skills and the ability to work with management, peers, and
technical staff.
Adapts
well to change and is comfortable with the dynamics of a fast-paced environment
Ability
to take initiative and ownership to see assignments and projects through to completion
High-level
of proficiency using Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio and SQL.
Experience
using scripted languages to develop automated solutions is desired
Analysis
skills to use data to make recommendations",3.3,"Zions Bancorporation
3.3","West Valley City, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
183,SalesForce Data Analyst,"$49k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: SalesForce Data Analyst

Overview

Varonis is a world-class organization with a straightforward mission: protecting vulnerable data.

Did you know that on average, 20% of an organization's data is accessible to every employee? Seventy percent of attacks take months or years to discover. But not for our customers.

At Varonis, we see the world of cybersecurity differently.

Our customers always know where their most valuable data is on premises or in the cloud. Only the right people have access to only the right data. With real-time awareness of how employees use data, our clients flag and stop malicious behavior in its tracks.

Were fighting a different battle than conventional cybersecurity companies, relentlessly focused on securing data. Data assets are the most valuable and vulnerable components of the global economy. Along with employees, data is at the heart of almost every organization, yet conventional cybersecurity solutions, by themselves, have failed to protect it.

Why Join Varonis as a SalesForce Data Analyst?

This is an exciting opportunity to join us as we expand our team!

In this role, you will perform administrative management of data including detection and correction of data-quality issues, process incoming data, and data standardization. You will collaborate with the Salesforce Team and Sales to engage in the ongoing and detailed evaluation of data quality and lead assignments.

You will be responsible for:
Validating and processing data import inquiries
Assisting with lead assignment updates which include: Updating and management of lead assignment rules, reassignment of leads, and validation of lead distribution with stakeholders
Ensuring sufficient data quality is maintained so that the data can effectively support the business process and reporting accuracy
Identifying, investigating, and managing the resolution and escalation of data quality issues
Coordinating ongoing data quality audits
Coordinating various data cleanup tasks which include: ensuring that Leads are assigned to the appropriate owner, standardizing data, and ensuring that necessary data fields are populated
Key skills, experience and personal attributes
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
1-year minimum experience in a data management role
Ability to manage multiple priorities
Logical thinker with superb interpersonal skills
Ability to work well under pressure
Organized and detail-oriented
Comfortable with ambiguity
Customer service oriented
Great teammate
Salesforce experience preferred
We invite you to check out our Instagram Page to gain further insight into the Varonis culture!

@VaronisLife

Varonis is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.",4.0,"Varonis
4.0","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2005,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
184,"Senior Product Data Analyst, Consumer","$58k-$106k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Car shopping is complicated. At CarGurus, we use data and technology to make it simple, giving people the tools they need to confidently find, buy, finance, or sell a car. The best part? Our work makes a real impact. We're the most-visited car-shopping site in the US, and we're expanding globally. Ready to come along for the ride?

About the Role

At CarGurus we use data, not hunches, to inform decisions. Product Analysts play a key role in crafting the data narrative for these decisions. We love to collaborate, we're excited by a challenge, and we believe that ownership enables us to grow.

This Product Analyst role will support the Consumer Products team, where you will have opportunities for outsized positive impact. Your data insights will play a big part in helping millions of site visitors have a more transparent and enjoyable car shopping experience. We are looking for thoughtful, daringly curious candidates who can dive into complex data and draw insightful conclusions. You'll work cross-functionally with many departments and partners, and gain exposure to multiple dimensions of the business.

Our team values diversity in experience and backgrounds—we do our best work when we create a space for different voices and perspectives. Whatever unique experiences or skill sets you bring to the table, we look forward to learning from each other

What You'll Do:
Conduct exploratory data analysis across disparate data sources (e.g. website usage, dealer behavior patterns and customer insights) to understand the performance of existing products and see opportunities for new product offerings
Partner with the product, engineering, marketing, sales, and finance departments to grow our business, including recommending and advocating for performance improvement ideas
Define metrics to evaluate business performance, products and experiments; build reports and dashboards to monitor and understand them
Communicate and present data analysis, visualizations, and insights to key partners
Be a voice and advocate for using data to improve the quality of our decision making
Mentor data analysts on technical and professional development
Who You Are:
4+ years of experience in data analysis (experience in consumer internet, digital marketing or SaaS product data a plus)
Proficiency in SQL and Python/R, or other scripting language
Strong grasp of statistical concepts (confidence intervals, hypothesis testing, regression models)
Knowledge of BI and reporting tools, or demonstrated ability in learning new tool
Ability to influence multiple stakeholders to adopt new data-driven approaches and achieve shared business goals
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
CarGurus Culture:

At CarGurus, we invest in our people's professional growth with everything from learning and development programs to tuition reimbursement. Want to work on projects that expand your skill set without sacrificing your work/life balance? You got it. We also strive to provide perks and benefits that employees actually care about like free lunch, commuter subsidies, and more. That includes equity in the company—our way of showing that we want you here for the long haul.

We work hard every day to build the world's most trusted and transparent automotive marketplace, but trust and transparency don't just apply to our consumers. They extend to our talent, too. We aim to create a workplace where everyone feels they can bring the ultimate expression of themselves and their potential—where you don't just fit, you thrive. We don't discriminate based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

In addition to the US, CarGurus operates sites in Canada, the UK. We have offices in Cambridge, MA; Detroit, MI; Dublin, Ireland; San Francisco, CA and London, UK. Check out our careers page to learn more.",3.9,"CarGurus
3.9","Cambridge, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
185,SAP Data Analyst,"$75k-$100k
(Employer Est.)","POSITION PURPOSE:

The Data Analyst will be part of the OWI Analytic team, working closely with our business partners, proactively developing and delivering analytic solutions. The primary deliverables include creating data visualization such as Dashboards, Charts, Histograms and Projective Analysis. This will be accomplished by utilizing OWI data architecture, data workflows from local data sources.

OWI is a fast-paced and dynamic organization. Individuals will be handling multiple activities in a team as well as individual contributor environment.

DUTIES, TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Experience and expertise creating visualizations that provide business insights for our global customers. Examples: Pie Charts, Dashboards, Cash-flow projections with Histograms– Projections analysis– Financial Analysis – KPI’s Service level Agreements
Expertise in SQL, independently mine data to translate Business data needs into creative visualizations.
Performance tuning specific to Tableau data sets– requires in depth understanding of data.
Assist the Enterprise Data Warehouse team create, design data models that will be published to our Tableau environment.
Assess data quality, design data quality management procedures, clean and correct data quality defects, establish data governance.
Experienced utilizing HANA studio including calculations and analytical views, data base schemas, creating attribute user/role creation.
Assist setting up security, Analytic privileges, user integration services, SQL script, SLT, SDA, SDI and HANA Live solution models.
Demonstrate critical thinking, analytical skills, and employ judgment to offer thoughtful, concise input toward resolutions of problems.
Assist team building the BW4HANA modeler including standard and custom development and deployment of EWD design building BW objects e.g. Composite Providers, Advanced DSO’s, ODS Views, Data Sources, Data Loading using SLT.
Requires the skill set to work with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams and data analysts/scientists to develop data visualizations that provide business insights
Finance/Operations/Sales/Marketing/IT functional leads PTP/PTM/RTR etc.
Projects management capabilities - include requirements gathering, design, deployment, and change request, future enhancements management
Capabilities to build/design prototypes to demo to stakeholders - peer groups, Business partners, and senior leaders.
Training and support peers and stakeholders e.g. Subject Matter Expert (SME) throughout the report creations and support - troubleshooting, analysis of results.
Leadership skills needed to successfully promote ideas, coordinate work activities, and plan deliverables within a project team.


SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES:


Advanced expert database handling languages (SQL and variants)
Experience with data analytics, diagrams, data dictionary, data mapping, normalize de-normalize, agile data modeling
Practical skill sets in BI and Data visualization tools
Working knowledge of ETL
Working knowledge of SAP
Basic Project Management and Business Process modeling
Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering Technology, Computer Science, or closely related field.
A minimum of 3 years’ experience in Tableau, SAP Data Governance, SAP Data Services (Data Extract, Data Profiling, de-duplication)
Advanced competency in Tableau and Alteryx
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with a strong focus on the ability to clearly articulate and discuss technical issues with both technical and business personnel.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Math or a related IT field or equivalent work experience in an IT field required
Strong analytical skills, able to effectively solve problems in a timely manner",3.1,"Old World Industries
3.1","Northbrook, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
186,Data Quality Control Analyst - Tier II,"$67k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is seeking multiple Data Quality Control Analysts to work on customization and optimization of Publicly Available Information (PAI) data ingestion. The analyst will work closely with technical teams to execute on client expectations concerning evolving technical requirements, breadth and depth of collection, and accuracy of content. The selected candidates will perform testing on collected media content that has been processed using natural language processing and machine learning to provide feedback to the Machine Learning Team. In addition, they will coordinate and customize human analyst workflow.

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree required
Strong quantitative reasoning and writing skills are a must as well as the ability to work well with teams or individually with minimal supervision
Technical proficiency with web-based applications
Apply filters and parse data sets
Demonstrated competency analyzing geopolitical affairs and world event
Conduct quality control analysis of geopolitical content and provide feedback to technical development team
Prior experience in Html, CSS, Python, and Javascript (including DOM load/execute for web page scraping)
Experience web scraping (e.g. Phantomjs, Selenium, Beautiful Soup, etc...)
Prior usage of 3rd party APIs to include but not limited to: Azure Translate, Google Translate, and Crawlbot with Diffbot API
Prior experience using GIT for version control and Kubernetes for automated testing
Desired Skills:
Prior experience utilizing traditional intelligence collection and analysis tools
Prior experience conducting manual testing on intelligence related products
Experience integrating multiple data sources to produce analytics and reports
Capability to apply principles of data science and data management to identify trends and patterns in unstructured news media content
Academic-quality research and writing skills
Capability to rapidly master and apply specialized software suites to daily workflow
Foreign language proficiency (Russian, Mandarin, or Farsi) preferred
Security Clearance:
Candidates must be eligible for a security clearance, ACTIVE Secret clearance is preferred.
Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.

For more details, or to submit a referral: bit.ly/NovettaReferrals

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","McLean, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
187,Senior Marketing Data Analyst,"$55k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As part of the Marketing Analytics & Reporting team at Plymouth Rock Assurance, this position will play a critical role in extending Plymouth Rock’s digital data analytics and reporting capabilities. The Senior Marketing Data Analyst is responsible for customer and prospect interaction analysis, attribution models for eSales program, digital campaign and mobile app program analysis. The analyst will be an expert resource on all digital marketing related data analysis and reporting. The role is also responsible for producing ad hoc analysis on a wide variety of insurance and marketing topics as necessary.
A key part of this role will be to expand the capabilities of bridging customer information from intricate internal and external data sources, including digital customer data (such as site interactions and digital engagement data from third parties, e.g. Google, Adobe, Facebook, etc.), and internal core customer data (policy datamart, quote datamart, claims datamart, etc.). As we continue to expand our digital capabilities, it is crucial to integrate our data analysis to better understand our customers.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Use SQL and SAS to mine large relational database to drive data-oriented insights, such as sales trends, loss trends, business mix, standard vs nonstandard policies, as well as provide customer behavior insights and overall insurance book trends.
Analyze website and mobile app data on traffic sources and patterns. Provide insight on data trends and anomalies, making recommendations where appropriate to improve business performance.
Create model-driven customer segmentations for current customers, prospect customers, and agency customers.
Design A/B digital marketing test models, analyze, and report outcomes of marketing tests.
Conduct analysis related to the quality of leads, quotes, and sales from different marketing programs, by integrating both internal data in multiple business data marts and external data from partners, and developing in depth analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of each initiative.
Develop sales and KPI forecast for a broad range of marketing campaigns and programs, report periodically on performance against the forecast.
Perform complex data analysis in support of ad-hoc and standing requests and demand for insights and be able to present results to non-technical audiences.
Coordinate with cross functional teams, Product, Claims, and IT Team, and build relationships with business users of the data to support their requirements through effective communication, data governance and documentation.
Develop and maintain digital marketing and ecommerce site performance reports by using SQL and Adobe Analytics.
Build a reliable attribution model using stochastic modeling approach, such as Markov Chain, to capture the effectiveness of digital campaigns in various channels.
Set up automation in the data flow with the Media vendors to expand capabilities to bridge digital customer data (site interactions, digital engagement, etc.) with core customer data.
Build and enhance existing reports, and develop new reporting products in Excel, Tableau, and Salesforce Service Cloud.
Conduct data profiling and data quality analytics.
Stay up-to-date with data-driven technologies to keep us ahead of the competition, including new innovations in tracking social media marketing efforts, sales attributions, and related AI applications.
Qualifications and Education
Excellent analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Excellent technical skills: expert SQL, experience with a statistical processing language (R, Python), and experience with a data visualization / BI tool (Tableau).
Relevant data and analysis experience, and work experience in dealing with complex data environment.
Proficient at statistical modeling, especially regression model and logistic model.
Working knowledge of mainstream marketing analytics tool, including Omniture/Adobe Analytics, and Google Analytics.
Ability to communicate effectively at all levels (including executive team) and articulate ideas, analysis results, and recommendations.
Ability to prioritize work independently, ensuring accuracy while meeting rigid deadlines.
Bachelors/Master Degree in Business Analytics, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or similar required
Minimum 3-5 years of relevant analytics experience, ideally in a tech savvy company
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
188,Project Data Analyst,"$46k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


A&B Process Systems, a business unit of JBT Corporation, is an industry leader in the design, fabrication, automation and installation of stainless steel process systems used in a variety of industries. At A&B Process Systems, our quality stainless steel process vessels, stainless steel process modules, skidded systems and process automation systems are all developed at one location in Stratford, Wisconsin. Our advanced 175,000 square-foot manufacturing facility is distributed over five physical plants. As a member of the JBT team, you will find that you are joining a world class organization with an entrepreneurial work environment and innovative spirit.

We have an immediate opportunity for a Project Data Analyst

Responsibilities


Position Summary:

The Project Data Analyst is a key member of the project management team and will work closely with project managers and finance to ensure effective and proactive monitoring, tracking and trending of project execution. Critical to execution is a near real-time understanding of the status, financials, concerns and critical dependencies required to successfully meet project budget and schedule. The Project Data Analyst is responsible for ensuring alignment and consistency with data reporting as well as supporting activities to improve processes and tools for standardization in tracking and reporting. This individual will also support communications to senior executive management. Tasks may include statistical analyses, managing key performance indicators, cost monitoring and control services and monitor project schedules and procurement status throughout the execution of projects.

Duties/Responsibilities:
Dashboard management - Develops, tracks and managing dashboards, metrics,
Project Financials – budget, actuals and forecast, analyzing results of project financial status,
Analyzes variances by function and reports out to the project teams including root cause analysis
Project leader for PM database – structuring data from ERP/ROMA/PM Tool & creating management reporting
Maintains project change order database – including aging and reporting
Interface with functional groups for project updates, variances to budget and awareness of issues
Interface with procurement for project material tracking (ordering and delays) and reconciliation
Develop and assist in managing project Bill of Materials and assure that the Purchase Reqs. match the project budget.
Supports recurring financial update meetings reporting with PM’s
Liaison between AR and PM team to resolve invoicing & collection issues
Qualifications


Education & Experience:

BS degree Data Management, Finance, or other related field. Five plus years of experience. Experience interfacing data from various tools such as ERP systems, Finance, Portfolio Project Management Tools, Procurement, Tableau (or visual dashboard) etc. in order to provide Project Managers, Finance and functional leads a complete picture of the project status.

The successful candidate will be comfortable working in various tools and with data, must have the ability to analyze data and report/present information to all levels of management.

It is critical for the successful candidate to possess accurate documentation practices, be detailed orientated, maintain and follow deadlines and demonstrate the ability to effectively multi-task.

This is a service-orientated position. The successful candidate must genuinely enjoy working with people and be willing to advance the goals of the organization by demonstrating competence in relevant subject areas and a willingness to be helpful.

AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

It is the policy of JBT Corporation to provide equal opportunity for qualified persons and not to discriminate against any applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law at the JBT Corporation location to which this application is submitted. In addition, as a Federal Government contractor, JBT Corporation is an affirmative action employer. If you require accommodation during the application process, please contact the local Human Resources department. EOE-Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

If you have a disability or impairment that prevents you from completing the online application, please seek the assistance of your local employment services agency. JBT maintains active relationships with local employment services agencies, and they have pledged their support in assisting any applicant needing help in applying. To find information on agencies throughout the United States, please go to www.careeronestop.org

You may also call Megan Centers at 844-286-4524 if your disability or impairment prevents you from applying online. NOTE: Do not use this number unless you need assistance because of a disability or impairment. The personnel attending this phone line will not be able to give you a status update regarding your application and will not be the individuals making a decision regarding your employment.",3.6,"John Bean Technologies Corporation
3.6","Stratford, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1884,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
189,Data Analyst/Senior Data Analyst - Patient Preference,-1,"Data Analyst/Senior Data Analyst–Patient Preference
*We are looking to fill this role in our Bethesda, MD or London, UK offices; we will consider other locations based on the candidates’ experience and qualifications
Position Summary
This exciting and challenging cross-functional position provides statistical and econometric analysis as well as data management support across multiple projects within the Patient Preference group of the Patient-Centered Research team. The role requires a unique blend of technical excellence in addition to the ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks with competing deadlines. The Data Analyst/Senior Data Analyst is integral to the success of the organization and works closely with a variety of stakeholders; technical and research, to drive the delivery and quality of required programming and results tables. The position offers opportunities for professional skills development and growth.
You would be joining a fast growing, successful team, operating at the cutting edge of the science of incorporating stakeholder preferences into health care decision making. We have developed an innovative, collaborative culture, aimed at developing and sharing good practice in preference research, both internally and externally. We are looking for someone who will thrive in this environment.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: (other duties may be assigned)
Prepare and manage research data from diverse sources (e.g. discrete choice experiments), using statistical packages such as STATA and R.
Statistical or econometric analyses of preference data (e.g. discrete choice models)
Contribute to quality assurance, such as validation and peer review of statistical software code.
Contribute to the development of final study reports, statistical analysis plans, presentations and manuscripts for the publication in peer-reviewed journals.
Review project related documentations such as case report forms, and proposals, and provide feedback to project team.
Act as expert consultant to other staff within Evidera.
Mentoring of junior colleagues
Requirements
Minimum of 2 years of statistical or econometric experience required
Excellent understanding of and generous experience with R or STATA as required by the specific job position.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Desired Skills
Knowledge of choice-based preference elicitation method, such as discrete choice experiment.
Experience/knowledge of health-related research (health economics, biostatistics, epidemiology, outcomes research).
Experience with micro-econometric analysis (e.g. limited dependent variable models).
Education and Experience
Master's degree (preferred) or equivalent degree with 2-3 years’ experience, BA/BS degree with 4-5 years’ work experience as a data analyst.
About Evidera:
Evidera is a business within in Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC (PPD) a leading global contract research organization (CRO), and a is a preeminent provider of evidence-based solutions. We provide integrated scientific expertise and global operational capabilities to help clients generate the evidence needed to optimize the market access and commercial potential of products.

Perks:
We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, with clear opportunities for growth and career progression. You will have the opportunity to work on multiple projects with some of the industry’s leading researchers. Our offices boast a fun and collaborative working environment, frequent social events and a robust support system. We are committed to providing training and professional development, with ample opportunity to advance, for all our staff.
Evidera’s Core Competencies:
Customer Focus
Initiative
Teamwork
Problem Solving/Judgment
Accountability
If you resonate with our core competencies and want to contribute to research and consulting services driven by world-class science and thought leadership, then please submit your application – we’d love to hear from you.
Evidera, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, genetics, sexual orientation, gender preference,disability, or status as a qualified individual with a disability or protected veteran.",3.9,"Evidera
3.9","London, England",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
190,"Lead Data Analyst, Consumer Experience","$66k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About the role

As a Lead Analyst, you will be responsible for the success of multiple work streams across our consumer product, focusing on the Move Money product experience. You will act as a mentor and manager to your fellow teammates and lead the standardization of our analytical processes and project delivery methods. You'll use data to develop insights, run experiments, and guide decision making to build consumer experiences and features to delight and solve our members' issues.

In this role, you can expect to
Define key metrics used to measure the success of our consumer banking experiences and products and develop dashboards to surface insights to drive decision making
Build a deeper understanding of our members needs and use predictive analytics to develop strategic product and business opportunities for Chime
Closely partner with product, engineering, and operations to translate your data insights into product features or recommendations; you will partner with product to drive roadmap development.
Oversee and help to define the work of other members of the team to ensure consistent delivery of high-quality outputs
Lead experimentation by providing guidance on the experiments that should be run, how they should be run, and evaluating the impact on our key metrics
Foster a data-driven, test-and-learn culture with your passion for telling stories with data
To thrive in this role, you have
A quantitative degree in a field like Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Operations Research, or Engineering. Advanced degrees preferred
7+ years in analytics. B2C product analytics and FinTech experience preferred
2+ years direct or indirect management experience overseeing the work of 2-4 team members
Advanced SQL skills - familiarity with window functions and query optimization
A high level of comfort delivering reporting and insights within a data visualization platform (eg Looker, Tableau)
Exposure to a scripting language like Python or R and relevant data science packages
Proven experience with data science, experimentation, and statistical analysis used to guide decision making.
Excellent communication skills, a record of working cross-functionally to achieve results.
A little about us

We created Chime because we believe everyone deserves financial peace of mind. By eliminating unnecessary fees and helping people grow their savings automatically, we've empowered millions of Americans to take control of their finances.

Chime is the largest and fastest-growing U.S. player in the challenger-banking space. Through our banking partners, we offer access to bank accounts with fee-free overdraft, provide members the chance to receive early access to their paychecks, help them improve their credit, and more!

We've built one of the most experienced leadership teams in Fintech and were recently valued at over $14.5B. We've raised over $1B in funding from leading investors including DST, Coatue, Tiger Global, General Atlantic, Iconiq, Dragoneer, Menlo, Whale Rock, Access, Forerunner, Crosslink, Cathay, aCrew, and others.

What we offer
Competitive salary based on experience
401k match plus the usual medical, dental, vision, life, and disability benefits
Quarterly stipend to spruce up your home office
Generous vacation policy and company-wide Take Care of Yourself Days
Virtual events to connect with your fellow Chimers- think cooking classes, music festivals, mixology classes, paint nights, etc., and delicious snack boxes, too!
A challenging and fulfilling opportunity to join one of the most experienced teams in FinTech and help create a completely new kind of banking service
We know that great work comes from great and inclusive teams. At Chime, we specifically look for individuals of varying strengths, skills, backgrounds, and ideas. We believe this gives us a competitive advantage to better serve our members and helps us all grow as Chimers and individuals.

We hire candidates of any race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, Veteran status, and any other status. Chime is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To learn more about how Chime collects and uses your personal information during the application process, please see the Chime Applicant Privacy Notice.",4.8,"Chime
4.8","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
191,"Analyst, Data Science, Solaria Labs","$53k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Advance your career at Liberty Mutual - A Fortune 100 Company! The economy is transforming, and to adapt, Liberty Mutual has established Solaria Labs (https://www.solarialabs.com): a global team that builds disruptive new products around emerging consumer trends like micro-mobility and the sharing economy. We have already launched a few products and one company since we started — for examples, see https://www.getcertainly.com, https://www.trydwellbeing.com/, and https://www.totalhomescore.com.

THE ROLE

As a Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer in Solaria Labs, you will be part of a team working on most challenging Data Science and Machine Learning problems from computer vision to natural language understanding

Responsibilities Include

Translate product ideas into well-posed data science challenges, and solve them
Design, develop, and deploy Machine Learning (ML) systems backing our products, including computer vision, NLP, and others
Translate and champion our ML capabilities for non-technical audiences
Participate in the broader ML community to stay current with the latest techniques and software

The actual internal level/grade for this role will depend on the candidate’s overall experience and skill level.

Qualifications:
Competencies typically acquired through a Master’s degree (in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or other scientific field of study) and 0-1 years of experience, or may be acquired through a Bachelor’s degree (scientific field of study) and 3+ years of relevant experience

Experience analyzing data and a broad understanding of core statistical and ML techniques

Expertise with Python, along with standard machine learning libraries

Proven track record of rapid prototyping and development, leveraging open source or commercial frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, Hadoop, AWS) is a plus

Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with significant uncertainty

Possession of strong analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills

Benefits:

We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/BenefitsOverview:At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.",3.5,"Liberty Mutual Insurance
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1912,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
192,Sr Analyst - Data & Reporting,"$64k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Sr Analyst - Data & Reporting

At a Glance
A Sr Analyst - Data & Reporting who has experience in both data collection and analysis, and managing large to small scale projects from beginning to end.
You have been involved inAnalytics/Projects through data collection, analysis, distribution, making recommendations to the business as it relates to business operations, and implementing process improvements.
You have experience utilizing Excel to answer questions for the business, perform audits on different datasets, and identify anomalies found within the data.
You excel at building relationships within a large matrixed organization and enjoy working with all levels of business partners. Your strong interpersonal soft skills allow you to be an effective member of any team.
Who are you?
The Sr Analyst - Data and Reporting will be able to think critically and make suggestions for process improvements, presenting and tracking data, etc. for the HR function within Field Operations.
Demonstrate a consultative and client-oriented approach to HR data analysis and interpretation to be able to tell a story.
Strong PowerPoint building and presentations skills to be able to define story context and deliver business recommendations.
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.
Identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
The Sr Analyst will identify trends and occurrences in data and translate findings into various mediums including text, charts, graphs, displays and tables.
Produce ad hoc reports to answer business questions quickly and thoroughly.
Define, document, implement and track process flows for processes, procedures, and policies for the department.
Interact with internal teams to ensure systems/tools are in accordance with business processes and rules; adjust systems/documentation accordingly.
Perform a cross-functional role to facilitate business process changes with stakeholders in other departments; work with stakeholders to support the integration of new processes, into existing operations.
The Sr Analyst - Data and Reporting will audit and recommend updates to existing methods, procedures and process documentation on an as needed basis for the HR team.
Participate in process requirements, planning and validation through operational testing to ensure plan changes meet business sponsor needs.
Support testing and roll out of all projects/process improvements that impact the HR department.
Understand policies, procedures and practices for analysis of business performance and impact.
Customizing communications for various audiences
Perform other duties as requested by management.
What does it take?
Skills/Abilities and Knowledge
Ability to read, write, speak and understand English
Maintain working knowledge of all HR areas (i.e., Talent Acquisition, Training, Compensation)
Knowledge of database/reporting systems
Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills
Strong interpersonal skills
Ability to self-train and pick up new skills quickly
Advanced skills using PC software applications (Access, Excel, PowerPoint)
Ability to create and maintain spreadsheets
Commitment to quality service through appropriate follow through, urgency and persistence
Strong analytical skills and the ability to present information in an understandable format
Ability to effectively consult with department managers and business leaders
Strong attention to detail and ability to problem solve
Ability to prioritize and organize effectively
Education
Bachelors degree in Business or related field or equivalent experience

Related Work Experience
5+ years of Business Analyst/Data Analyst experience
2+ years of HRIS and Applicant Tracking System experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Related Work Experience
Working knowledge of HRMS database systems (PeopleSoft and BrassRing)
1+ years of experience with data collection and database design experience
1+ years of experience in managing HR related projects

WORKING CONDITIONS
Office environment
#LI-FO

#LI-F",3.0,"Spectrum
3.0","Stamford, CT",-1,10000+ Employees,2016,Subsidiary or Business Segment,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,$10+ billion (USD),-1
193,Product Data Analyst - Identity Verification,"$55k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Remitly, we help immigrant communities around the world send $6 billion a year to their loved ones. Sending money is faster, easier, and costs less with our all-digital money transfer platform. We want to transform the lives of immigrants and their families by providing the most trusted financial service products on the planet. At Remitly, your work has a direct and positive impact on people around the globe. Your work matters, every day.

The Role:

The Identity Verification Program is a component of Remitly's AML Compliance Program. Anything less than an exceptional product experience for Identity Verification can be a barrier for our customers. As a Product Analyst on this team, you will work with product managers, engineers, and UX designers to help us develop instant verification experiences that strengthen our relationships with our customers so they can send what they need safely, securely and quickly. The quantitative insights you bring will have an out-sized impact on our customers. You will report directly to our Director of Product Analytics.

What You'll Do:
You will develop an understanding of the customer experience and bring it to life in a visual way.
You will uncover customers insights in our compliance experience, with the goal of increasing customer trust through recommendations on the product roadmap.
You ask, ""Why?"" and question the status quo. You view unexpected data results as a puzzle to be solved, a challenge that you accept.
You can explain the methods behind your analyses and validate your results. Once you have data to support your ideas, you're willing to advocate for and move your recommendations forward.
Who You Are:
Bachelor's degree in a technical, business, or quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or related field).
Minimum three years of relevant experience in a product or customer analytics role.
Experience designing and analyzing A/B experiments and are comfortable with basic statistical techniques
Experience working at startups or large consumer internet/technology companies
Experience with technical skills (e.g. SQL, R, Python) and data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau)
Who we are:

Remitly is a group of passionate people working to make international payments easier and more transparent on both the web and mobile devices. We are seeking team members to join us that want to make a difference and change an industry. We pride ourselves on aiming high and delivering results, data being at the heart of everything we do, and encouraging our team to own business decisions and outcomes. Sound like the place for you? Join us.

Our Benefits:
Unlimited paid time off
Health, dental, and vision benefits + 401k plan with company matching
Company contributions to your HSA or FSA plan, if you choose one
Continuing education and corridor travel benefits
Scholars program
Remitly is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Equal employment opportunity has been, and will continue to be, a fundamental principle at Remitly. We are committed to nondiscrimination across our global organization and in all of our business operations. Employment is determined based upon personal capabilities and qualifications without discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identification and expression, marital status, military status or status as an honorably discharge/veteran, pregnancy (including a woman's potential to get pregnant, pregnancy-related conditions, and childbearing), sexual orientation, age (40 and over), national origin, ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, physical, mental, or sensory disability (including the use of a trained dog guide or service animal), HIV/AIDS or hepatitis C status, genetic information, status as an actual or perceived victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other protected class as established by law.

Remitly is an E-Verify Employer",4.4,"Remitly
4.4","Seattle, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
194,Senior Data Analyst,"$73k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

The Data Analyst will apply expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and data presentation to comprehend and identify trends and will provide technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems.

The selected candidate will have the unique opportunity to support the customer through the application of programmatic and quantitative methods to identify patterns and relationships in large data sets using mathematical, statistical, and other data-driven analysis to address intelligence questions. The Data Analyst will apply and enhance their skills with developing, running, and analyzing results of complex queries against massive scale data stores/data processing environments.

Basic Qualifications:
The Data Analyst will provide imaginative, thorough, practicable, and consistent solutions with organizational objectives, work under general direction, and determine and develop approaches to solutions independently.
Present findings to both technical and non-technical collaborators and stakeholders.
Gather and analyze data across sources and systems to identify trends and derive recommendations or make predictions.
Generate and compile reports to provide a holistic comprehension of important performance metrics for more informed decision-making.
Position requires a Bachelor's degree.
Position requires five (5) years of related experience.
Experience with All-Source data analysis to perform technical targeting analytic support in the Intelligence Community.
Developing and using computer languages (e.g. Python, R, Pig, Java, C, SQL, ECL) to perform large scale parallel processing of data, and to develop, validate, and use methodologies to support analytic requirements in clustered computing environments.
Knowledge of SQL and databases
Experience using analytic techniques and tools to conduct technical targeting analytic support to the customer.
Ability to collaborate with technical teams to provide solutions.
Experience developing custom algorithms to support analytic requirements against massive data stores.
Desired Skills:
Experience in the Intelligence Community.
Security Clearance:
Active TS/SCI Poly security clearance required.

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Herndon, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
195,"Senior Analyst, Data Loss Prevention",-1,"Senior Analyst, Data Loss Prevention
Location


Boston

Business Function

IT

Apply Now

Position: Senior Business Analyst

Department: Cybersecurity

Status: Full-Time

Reports to: Director, Data Protection

Office: Boston, MA

Company and Department Overview

Cambridge Associates is a leading global investment firm. We work with endowments, foundations, health care organizations, pension plans, and private clients around the world to build investment portfolios that help them meet their objectives within a set of risk parameters unique to each organization. We offer a variety of services to provide portfolio management services that complement the institution’s own resources. Committed to independence since our founding more than 40 years ago, we are motivated only by what is best for our clients.

Our clients trust the experience, leadership, and integrity of our investment professionals. With more than 1,200 employees in ten locations around the globe, this extensive network helps us to identify and access the best global investment opportunities all over the world for our clients’ portfolios.

CA maintains an information security program which sets the policies for accessing, collecting, storing, using, transmitting and protecting electronic, paper and other records. The purpose of this program is to establish administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect information that is owned, licensed, stored or maintained by CA. The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) oversees the program with the support of a dedicated team of information security professionals.

Description

Financial consulting firm seeks a Business Systems Analyst to join its Cyber Security team. The position supports the firm’s data protection program by documenting and analyzing existing data systems, data threats and vulnerabilities. The position is also responsible for assisting with the design and management of projects to improve the firm’s data protection capabilities.

The position provides an opportunity to build on prior experience with database systems, enterprise information systems and data architecture, as well as cyber security and data protection. As a member of the firm’s Cyber Security team the Business Systems Analyst is expected to contribute to the day-to-day administration of the firm’s security program, as well as its future design and development.

Responsibilities
Document enterprise data at rest and in-use, including data locations, physical and logical data flows.
Analyze normal data usage patterns, including business process analysis, user behavior analysis, and user personas.
Analyze existing data-loss threats and vulnerabilities
Assist with the implementation of a framework for classifying sensitive data.
Assist with the formulation, promulgation and enforcement of data loss prevention policies, including data use, access control, data encryption and obfuscation policies.
Assist with the selection, implementation and usage of data loss prevention tools, including CASB, data classification, DLP, SIEM and EDR.
Participate in the ongoing monitoring of potential data loss.
Support and participate in the security incident response team.
Analyze potential data-loss breaches to determine their impact and root cause.
Upgrade data-loss security measures and controls.
Partner with representatives of IT and other key business organizations to advance data security initiatives.
Develop a high-level of trust with stakeholders to ensure on-going commitment
Foster a team environment, open to communication and collaboration
Preferred Qualifications
3+ years’ work experience related to information systems development and engineering (software design, database administration, network engineering, business process improvement, and/or information systems design)
2+ years business analysis experience with a technical focus, including systems design and support
2+ years’ experience with SQL and data modeling
2+ years’ experience generating diagrams and flow charts for existing and new processes
2+ years’ experience with technical documentation
2+ years’ experience with the investment management and/or the investment services industry.
Knowledge of, and experience with cloud-based information systems (e.g. Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure/Office 365, Salesforce, SharePoint, Box, Dynamics)
Cybersecurity training and certification (e.g., Security+, SSCP, GSEC).
Experience performing, interpreting, and reporting vulnerability assessments
Knowledge of computer networking and network-based information assurance devices
Experience developing and presenting, orally and in writing, technical information to non-technical audiences and clients
Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree, preferably in a technical, scientific or analytical discipline.
Demonstrable knowledge of, and experience with the implementation and support of data information systems in a professional setting.
Candidates must be eligible to work in the US without sponsorship.",3.3,"Cambridge Associates, LLC
3.3","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
196,"AVP, Data & Systems Analyst – Information Technology","$55k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Scope and Responsibilities

Oaktree’s Information Technology team is seeking an individual who will provide Business and Data Analysis capabilities focused on portfolio and security analytics, investment and portfolio reporting, as well as operational process design and oversight. This individual will partner with various departments within the company and serve as a thought and change leader as we build our Enterprise Analytics platform. In partnership with the Portfolio Analytics, Risk and Reporting (PARR), operations and the investment teams, this individual will design specifications for new portfolio and security analytics, perform quality tests, oversee the development to production implementation lifecycle.

Responsibilities include:
• Work with IT senior leaders, PARR, Investment Teams, Fund accounting and others to support ongoing development of Oaktree’s Enterprise Analytics suite;
• Collaborate with the investment teams, PARR and other internal partners to draw up formal specifications for portfolio and security analytics;
• Take ownership of all aspects of software development including specifications, testing, debugging, roll-out (including user training), documentation, and maintenance;
• Design and implement operational processes to monitor the accuracy and timeliness of data flows, analytics calculators and report outputs;
• Troubleshoot and resolve production related issues arising from missed or problematic data feeds, inaccuracies related to calculations, and report output discrepancies;
• Write reports using off the shelf and proprietary tools (and manage the development of new reports with stakeholders);

• Deliver reports or self-service tools to internal and external stakeholders;
• Enhance and evolve Oaktree’s broader data and reporting environment.

Skills and Experience Required

• Minimum of 5 years of experience at an asset management company, investment/portfolio analytics software vendor, investment/portfolio analytics consultancy, or other related financial services company working with credit products in an analytical capacity;
• Must have a working knowledge of security analytics for bonds, leveraged loans(Bank Debt), convertible securities, options and structured products;
• Foundation in investment finance concepts and familiarity with credit instruments, investment performance, closed-end funds, open-end funds and Fund Accounting;
• Ability to quarterback assigned projects to resolution, seeking guidance and escalating issues as appropriate;
• Comfortable and capable of working with product specialists, vendors, portfolio managers, and senior management to understand and define reporting requirements;
• Expertise in investment platforms, systems, operations, data flows, and processes, as it relates to alternative asset management and the investment lifecycle in general, is a major plus;
• Experience using SQL, Python, C#, and MS Visual Studio preferred. An interest or experience in Machine Learning/AI/Deep Learning algorithms and investment financial models a plus;
• Experience building reports in business intelligence tools such as Microsoft BI or other industry wide tools is a plus;
• Advanced knowledge in Excel and Macro-VBA programming is a plus;
• Experience working with Global Teams is an added advantage.

Personal Attributes

• Outstanding initiative and a strong work ethic;
• Ability to operate independently on short and long term goals;
• Analytical with a keen focus on quality and accuracy;
• Interest and desire to learn and stay updated via research on latest techniques, trends, products, offerings;
• Detail-oriented and natural problem solver; have the ability to independently research problems and offer solutions;
• Organized and able to manage multiple projects with differing priorities to meet deadlines;
• Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to leverage firm wide resources in an effective and judicious manner;
• Team-oriented, perpetual learner and must possess strong integrity and professionalism and share Oaktree’s common goal of excellence.

Education
• A Bachelor’s degree is required with a major in Computer Science, Math, Engineering, Economics, Finance or another related field.
• CFA/FRM candidates will be given viewed favorably, as will anyone who at least demonstrates and an interest – though not a requirement.

Equal Opportunity Employment Policy

Oaktree is committed to diversity and to equal opportunity employment. Oaktree does not make employment decisions on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, past or present physical or mental disability, HIV status, medical condition as defined by state law (genetic characteristics or cancer), pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, veteran status, military service, marital status, familial status, genetic information, domestic violence victim status or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state and local laws and ordinances. This policy applies to hiring, placement, internal promotions, training, opportunities for advancement, recruitment advertising, transfers, demotions, layoffs, terminations, recruitment advertising, rates of pay and other forms of compensation and all other terms, conditions and privileges of employment.

This policy applies to all Oaktree applicants, employees, clients, and contractors.",3.4,"Oaktree Capital Management
3.4","Los Angeles, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
197,Senior Data Analyst,-1,"About the Company:
Industrious is the largest premium workplace provider in the U.S. with nearly 100 locations in more than 50 U.S. cities. Its Workplace Experience platform, which pairs thoughtfully-designed spaces with hospitality-driven services and amenities, has reshaped the concept of coworking into a scalable solution for companies of all sizes and stages. Since its founding in 2013, Industrious has helped thousands of companies scale their businesses while maintaining the highest NPS scores in the industry. For more information, visit www.industriousoffice.com.
As we shape the future of workplace experience, we're looking for motivated, thoughtful, and collaborative people who are excited to join a high-growth, warm, and welcoming team. For more information, please visit www.industriousoffice.com/careers.

About the Role:
As the Data Analyst at Industrious, you are responsible for building the data-models that underpin our analytics and reporting. You have a flexible skillset: someone who is adept with SQL code, is experienced in ad-hoc data-modeling, and can partner with an engineer to build our data-warehouse.

This is an amazing role for a curious, analytical mind who is excited to touch all elements of the business and lay the foundation for analytics and insights.

You are a great fit for this role if:
You are eager to sit at the intersection of technology and analysis
You are an independent operator who can build from the ground up
Data engineering? Data analysis? Data science? You want to work with all three pieces of the analytics cycle
Responsibilities:
Partner with an engineer to build our data-warehouse
Develop the Redshift/Snowflake models that underpin our analytics and reporting
Serve as the bridge between our Analytics and Technology teams
Requirements:
Very strong SQL skills (preferably Postgresql)
Experience creating ad-hoc databases (e.g., using DBT or equivalent)
Experience transforming and analyzing large datasets
Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and techniques
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or similarly quantitative/technical field
Experience in analytics or a technical field
Preferred qualifications:
Experience with Data Lakes (e.g., (Redshift/Snowflake preferred) and proven ability to produce scalable solutions
Experience with connectors (e.g., FiveTran, Stitch)
Experience with visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Looker)
Experience working in a cloud-based environment (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google-Cloud)

Perks:

In addition to our incredible team, there are lots of other fun reasons to work with us.
Daily breakfast, snacks, coffee, tea, and drinks at all Industrious locations
Health care, including vision and dental
401K plan
Smart casual dress code
Generous vacation time
Paid parental leave
Team outings and annual company-wide offsite
Industrious in the News:
Industrious CEO Sees Company as Less Risky Than WeWork
Industrious' Jamie Hodari on the Return to Work
Coworking Spaces Prepare To Welcome People Back, Expect the Industry To Grow
Industrious is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Industrious believes that diversity is critical to our success in delivering great workplace experiences and is committed to creating an inclusive, mutually respectful environment which celebrates diversity of our people. We seek to hire on the basis of merit, competence, performance, and business needs.",3.7,"Industrious
3.7",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Membership Organizations,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
198,Clinical Data Analyst - Population Health,-1,"Position Summary

The Clinical Data Analyst for the Population Health Department will act in the role of Database Developer and Insights Analyst. Ideal candidate will help develop the overall architecture, design, development, and strategy for building Population Health Analytics databases within the RWJBH data infrastructure. The new team member will help manage healthcare databases including claims and EMR/EHR data which will be used to conduct quantitative analyses on a wide range of health care delivery and quality issues, such as outcomes, utilization, cost, and patient experience metrics. Moreover, the Clinical Data Analyst will quickly learn to gain insight into healthcare trends, predictive modeling methodologies, benchmarking and interpretation of data, innovative payment methods, program evaluation, quality metrics and analytic modeling using a variety of different tools, strategies, algorithms, and programming languages.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities:

The essential duties and responsibilities of the Senior Clinical Data Analyst for Population Health Analytics include:

Learn to use Database (DB) developer creating OLAP cubes and OLTP solutions using MS SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS)
Write SQL/SAS queries for ETL processes
Assist in testing and maintaining data integrity for multiple databases
Plan and execute reporting, evaluation, and analytic projects
Interpret/translate analytic concepts, approaches and results for executive audiences
Achieve clinical reporting and support of population health management objectives
Self-driven and work both independently and on multi-disciplinary teams

Job Requirements:

Bachelor s degree in software engineering, computer science, economics or other engineering field
Must have hands-on expertise as DB developer
1-3 years designing and execution of Data Warehouse
Database Management 3-5 years experience in writing stored procedures, functions and views using SQL
Knowledge of SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS);
Extensive use of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SSRS packages
Analytical, statistics, predictive modelling, and problem solving skills
Experience using health transaction and survey results databases
Able to apply statistical, analytic and visualization tools such as R, Python, SAS, and Tableau
Strength in ETL processes
Knowledge of healthcare coding systems: CPT4, ICD-10, revenue codes, HCPCs, NDC, and LOINC, and of EMR systems and RHIO data.
VBA skills, a plus
Excellent interpersonal skills
Excellent oral, written communication, and presentation skills

Other Duties:

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

We offer a great work environment, competitive rates and excellent benefits, including:

Medical/Dental/Vision plans

401 (k)

Vacation/Personal/Holiday/Sick Time Off

Short & Long Term Disability

Basic Life & Accidental Death Insurance

Tuition Reimbursement

Health Care/Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts

RWJBarnabas Health is the most comprehensive health care delivery system in New Jersey and the state s second largest private employer with more than 32,000 employees, 9,000 physicians and 1,000 residents and interns. The system includes eleven acute care hospitals, three acute care children s hospitals and a leading pediatric rehabilitation hospital (Children s Specialized Hospital).",-1,RWJ Somerset,"Somerset, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
199,Data Analyst - Peri- and Post Approval Studies (PPAS),"$54k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst II – Real World Evidence
The Team

The Real-World Evidence team supports biopharmaceutical companies throughout the product lifecycle, from early pre-launch planning to launch and post-marketing management. Our focus is on helping our clients in the pharmaceutical/ biotechnology/ medical device industries build economic and epidemiological evidence to demonstrate and support the value of their products. Through analysis of individual patient databases (e.g., medical claims, electronic health records, registries, etc.), we may provide key information such as:
Treatment patterns and drug utilization
Resource utilization
The incidence and prevalence of diseases and co-morbidities
The incidence of adverse events
The impact of various risk factors
Cost-effectiveness
Burden of disease
Comparative effectiveness data
Position Overview
The Data Analyst will be responsible for implementing a range of simple to moderate analyses in support of epidemiologic studies for a key client account. This individual will work independently to support the sponsor team on epidemiological studies using large health administrative databases such as MarketScan/Truven, Optum, CPRD, etc. This individual will also be required to provide input in the planning and designing phases of projects under the supervision of a more senior staff member.The main programming language is SAS (e.g., SAS Base, SAS Stat, SAS Macro), but this position also requires knowledge of Python, PySpark or R. Promising SAS candidates without these additional skills will be provided the opportunity for additional training. In addition, this individual will participate in quantitative analysis of retrospective and prospective data, clinical and observational, and both existing data and data collected explicitly for research objectives (de novo data collection) working with the researchers in Evidera.
Role Responsibilities:
Implements routine data management tasks to convert raw data files into analytical datasets
Performs descriptive and survival analyses independently and moderately advanced statistical analyses working under supervision of a more senior staff.
Ability to provide thoughtful input into a protocol or statistical analyses plan with increasing involvement and responsibility for planning and design phases of projects.
Writes, modifies and maintains programs to perform data management and analyses, under the guidelines of Real-World Evidence team’s good programming practices.
Conducts validation and review of programs developed by other programmers in the team.
Handles client interactions to discuss protocol content and present study results
Education, Professional Skills & Experience
Education fields: Epidemiology, Health Economics, Biostatistics or related field
PhD with at some relevant work experience; MSc with at least 2 years of relevant work experience, or BSc with significant work experience in a similar industry/ consulting environment.
Demonstrated experience in quantitative methods in health economics, health services research, epidemiology or statistics with the focus on data analysis using observational retrospective data, claims data, or clinical trial data using SAS (e.g., SAS Base, SAS Stat, SAS Macro)
Working experience in Python, PySpark or R; SQL also relevant. Training will be provided for promising candidates without these additional experiences.
Experience working with large databases such as MarketScan/Truven, Flatiron/EMR data, or similar
Knowledge of scientific research methods and practical knowledge of research implementation.
Knowledge of fundamentals of health economics and epidemiology.
Knowledge of relevant methodology and statistics.
Experience in Excel, MS Word, PowerPoint, Access and Outlook.
Personal Skills & Competencies
Demonstrated ability to communicate and document information effectively in written English, including the ability to produce reports, documents, emails and other written pieces which are well-organized, free from errors, and are appropriately adjusted to the characteristics and needs of the audience.
Strong organizational, time-management, prioritization and decision-making skills necessary to evaluate, plan and accomplish multiple work goals in a timely fashion.
Able to quickly learn and apply new information, skills and procedures.
Proactive and positive approach to tasks and projects, as well as resilience when encountering process, project, budget or client changes that are inherent to the consulting environment.
Solid communication and interpersonal skills including the ability to quickly develop and sustain positive rapport with internal and external contacts in person, over the phone and by email.
Experience presenting ideas to individuals and groups in a formal presentation setting.
Able to analyze complex issues and evidence, identify cause-effect relationships, and generate effective solutions.
About Evidera:
Evidera is a business within in Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC (PPD) a leading global contract research organization (CRO), and a is a preeminent provider of evidence-based solutions. We provide integrated scientific expertise and global operational capabilities to help clients generate the evidence needed to optimize the market access and commercial potential of products.

Perks:
We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, with clear opportunities for growth and career progression. You will have the opportunity to work on multiple projects with some of the industry’s leading researchers. Our offices boast a fun and collaborative working environment, frequent social events and a robust support system. We are committed to providing training and professional development, with ample opportunity to advance, for all our staff.
Evidera’s Core Competencies:
Customer Focus
Initiative
Teamwork
Problem Solving/Judgment
Accountability
If you resonate with our core competencies and want to contribute to research and consulting services driven by world-class science and thought leadership, then please submit your application – we’d love to hear from you.
Evidera, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, genetics, sexual orientation, gender preference,disability, or status as a qualified individual with a disability or protected veteran.",3.9,"Evidera
3.9","Bethesda, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
200,Data Science Division - Research Analyst,"$66k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Tuesday, July 7, 2020

The Data Science Division works on projects to help the Department of the Navy and other government agencies to develop advanced analytics and algorithms for systems, sensors, networks, and platforms to ensure America's defense in the 21st century. DSD researchers have relevant experience (either in course work, previous job experience, or military experience) in programming, machine learning, model building, and data visualization.

CNA fosters an inclusive culture that values diverse backgrounds and perspectives. Our flexible and engaging work environment encourages iterative and creative collaboration at every stage of the problem solving process. Our employees are committed to helping clients develop effective solutions to better manage their programs through scientific, data-driven approaches.

We are looking for creative and innovative individuals to help carry out our mission.

JOB DESCRIPTION/DUTIES
Analysts in the Data Science Division work on projects to help the Department of the Navy and other government agencies develop advanced analytics and algorithms for systems, sensors, networks, and platforms to ensure America’s defense in the 21st century. Analysts will learn CNA's unique approach to analytics that combines an understanding of the technical capabilities with insights gained from up close and current experience with real-world military operations.
Serve as an important contributing team member on projects or lead smaller/less complex activities. Demonstrate analytical competence. 1. Develop sound analytic frameworks and associated analytic methodologies/ techniques for addressing both structured and unstructured problems. Consistently produce high quality analysis. 2. Develop and maintain broad, general institutional knowledge of primary clients/sponsors; their culture, organization, and issues. 3. Support business development efforts and/or marketing activities by maintaining strong client relationships through high quality work, increasing the visibility of our work, and other related activities such as proposal preparation. 4. Interact with sponsors/clients under the supervision of an experienced colleague, and with study POCs independently. 5. Make significant contributions to research publications and analytic products for individual projects. 6. Communicate results of work in a clear and concise fashion. Effectively communicate one-on-one and in groups. Document work efficiently and accurately. Effectively present work to colleagues, sponsors, and small audiences that are familiar with content. 7. Work with minimal or no guidance on focused, well-structured pieces of projects. Work under closer supervision on more complex, less-structured tasks. Serve as task lead for pieces of projects by managing own activities. May lead small projects under the supervision of an RTL/CMD. 8. Exhibit a positive attitude in interactions with colleagues and clients/sponsors. Provide clear guidance to colleagues on tasks. Take responsibility for own actions and outcomes. 9. Perform other duties as assigned.

JOB REQUIREMENTS
1. Education: Minimum Master’s degree in a relevant field (Data Science related field) or equivalent experience, PhD preferred. 2. Experience: Typical minimum requirements Ph.D. & 0+ years or Master’s & 2+ years of experience in research and analysis. 3. Skills: Ability to construct effective briefings using MS PowerPoint and intermediate skills with MS Word and Excel and other standard software packages. Ability to apply machine learning techniques, building models (statistical, mathematical, simulation, etc.) in programming languages such as R or Python. Ability to analyze complex datasets using effective visualizations of data in achieved results; skilled in programming, statistics, machine learning, and data visualization. Working knowledge of data and information management analysis techniques and best practices. 4. Other: Ability to obtain and maintain an Active Secret Security Clearance.

CNA is committed to providing equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service and protected veterans, or other non-merit based factors. In addition to federal legal requirements, CNA complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. These protections extend to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting and hiring practices, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training and career development programs. For more information about EEO protections, please view the EEO is the law posters below: ""EEO is the Law"" Poster; ""EEO is the Law"" Poster Supplement. The pay transparency policy is available here: Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Poster

To be considered for hire, all individuals applying for positions with CNA are subject to a background investigation. For positions requiring access to classified information, U.S. citizenship is required. Individuals will also be subject to an additional government background investigation, and continued employment eligibility is contingent upon the ability to obtain and maintain an active security clearance.

Other details
Job Family
Research
Job Function
Career Path I - Research
Pay Type
Salary",3.3,"Evidera
3.9","Bethesda, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1942,Nonprofit Organization,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
201,Data Analyst,"$55k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Company

BlueLabs is a leading provider of analytics services and technology for government, business, and campaigns. Founded in 2013 by senior members of the Obama for America re-election campaign team, we help our clients optimize their engagements with individual customers, supporters and stakeholders to achieve their goals.

Today, our team counts over 40 data scientists, engineers, and strategists from diverse backgrounds who share a passion for using data to solve the world’s greatest social and analytical challenges. We’ve served more than 400 organizations ranging from political campaigns to advocacy groups, unions, government agencies, and international groups, as well as companies in the automotive, travel, consumer packaged goods, entertainment, healthcare, media, telecom, and other industries. Along the way, we’ve developed some of the most innovative tools available in analytics, media optimization, reporting, and influencer outreach.

Data Analyst

Data Analysts are instrumental members of BlueLabs Data Science and engagement teams. They gain exposure to all parts of our process, from collecting and organizing data, to analyzing trends and predicting outcomes, and working with clients to understand how these insights can be used to improve program efficiency. Data Analysts are able to work both as part of a team and independently, completing projects in a fast-paced environment, error-free, and on short deadlines. You will receive strong mentorship from senior members of the BlueLabs Data Science and Engagement teams, and also be given a chance to complete projects independently. BlueLabs Analysts have the opportunity to develop into the Data Science or Engagement tracks within BlueLabs.

What you'll do:
Analyzes data, as well as contributes to the design, implementation, and delivery of analytics products and services.
Builds predictive models, tools, and data visualizations.
Checks data and modeling results for quality and cleans, transforms, aggregates, and reports on data as needed.
Strives to support team excellence by documenting processes and evangelizing new approaches
Preferred Experience & Background
An undergraduate degree in a quantitative field or equivalent work experience.
Conceptual understanding of foundations of statistics and modeling (distributions, parameter estimation, confidence intervals and tests, etc.).
Proficient understanding of a statistical programming language such as R, Python, or Julia.
The ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience, both in writing and verbally
The ability to manipulate data with SQL.
Experience building predictive models using regression and machine learning techniques.
Knowledge of experimental design and causal inference experience with GIS.
Experience creating informative and engaging data visualizations using industry leading tools.
The ability to create user interfaces for new products using frameworks such as Shiny or Django.
This position is available in DC, NY, & LA

At BlueLabs, we celebrate, support and thrive on differences. Not only do they benefit our services, products, and community, but most importantly, they are to the benefit of our team. Qualified people of all races, ethnicities, ages, sex, genders, sexual orientations, national origins, gender identities, marital status, religions, veterans statuses, and disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. As an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer, BlueLabs is committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",4.7,"BlueLabs
4.7","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
202,"Senior Data Analyst, Project Controls","$66k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Under the direction of the Senior Manager of Project Controls, the Senior Data Analyst will develop reporting, analyze, evaluate and forecast project controls data. The analyst will also collaborate across San Manuel Band of Mission Indians (SMBMI) & San Manuel Casino (SMC) business operations to gather requirements for report development and/or in depth analysis. Will share activities with project controls team and grow the Project Controls department analytics/BI and process initiatives. The Senior Data Analyst will be required to use independent judgment, provide report and recommendations to Project Controls leadership team.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities

1. Responsible for project financial planning and forecasting, report development and automation with visualizations software.

2. Develop automated reporting and adhoc reporting for Project Controls team and leadership as needed (SAS Enterprise Guide).

3. Meets with Project Controls team as necessary to provide information and address departmental issues, such as system interruptions or critical data integrity issues.

4. Define and gather information from Financial system of record as needed to enhance the Project Controls Data Structures.

5. Perform duties such as: validating, financial capital planning, cash flow analytics, break even analysis, creating KPIs, and tracking methodologies.

6. Provide guidance and lead information gathering sessions with Project Managers in adherence to approved project controls policy and procedures.

7. Work closely with Project Managers, Procurement Managers, Financial Analysts, Legal, Finance/Accounting, and Data Services to ensure timely approvals.

8. Perform other duties as assigned to support the efficient operation of the department.

Education/Experience/Qualifications
Bachelors degree in finance, accounting, auditing, or related field required.
Minimum of five (5) years of analytical experience is required.
Demonstrated experience working with relational databases and enterprise reporting tools required.
Experience with software programs Tableau and Lawson is preferred.
Equivalent combination of education and progressive, relevant and direct experience may be considered in lieu of minimum educational/experience requirements indicated above.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Access is required.
Employee must have experience demonstrating the utmost discretion and confidentiality.
Certificates/Licenses/Registrations
At the discretion of the San Manuel Tribal Gaming Commission you may be required to obtain and maintain a gaming license.
A qualified candidate/employee must have a valid drivers license with an acceptable driving record as determined by the companys insurance carrier.
San Manuel Band of Mission Indians and San Manuel Casino will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990

As one of the largest private employers in the Inland Empire, San Manuel deeply cares about the future, growth and well-being of its employees. Join our team today!",3.3,"San Manuel Band of Mission Indians
3.3","Highland, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Government,Federal Agencies,Government,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
203,DATA PROGRAMMER/ANALYST,-1,"Company Description

EDUCATION DEVELOPMENT CENTER (EDC)

EDC is one of the world’s leading nonprofit research and development firms. EDC designs, implements, and evaluates programs to improve education, health, and economic opportunity worldwide. Collaborating with both public and private partners, we strive for a world where all people are empowered to live healthy, productive lives.

The Center for Children and Technology (CCT) is a research and development center within EDC and is based in New York City. We conduct basic, applied, and casual and formative research, working in collaboration with educational, corporate, government and research institutions. We also design and develop prototype software and instructional resources that support engaged, active learning.

EDC is committed to diversity in the workplace.

Job Description

The Center for Children and Technology in EDC’s US Division has an opening for a part-time, temporary data analyst, reporting to the lead researcher, in the New York office.

EDC|CCT is seeking a part time, temporary data analyst to support analyses of a study using large-scale data. The study’s focus is to explore middle school mathematics learning in order to identify ways to meet the needs of struggling mathematics students. This opening is ideal for a graduate student or other individual interested in gaining research experience that leverages large-scale data. This position is based in New York City and requires that the analysis be conducted on-site.

EDC casual employees generally work as needed. This position will offer an average of 10 hours/week from approximately January 2020 to May 2020, with a possibility of extension. The actual hours per week and duration will vary depending on phase and needs of the project and will likely be more in the first month of the project and less in later months. A casual position receives statutory benefits of Social Security contributions, Medicare contributions, unemployment insurance, worker’s compensation insurance and sick leave. A casual position ends when work is complete.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

The person in this position is expected to communicate clearly and courteously; to develop and maintain positive relationships with clients, consultants, collaborators, co-workers, field sites, and funders; and to work respectfully with EDC colleagues. The job requires adherence to EDC policies & procedures.

Under management and guidance, the data analyst provides support in extracting, cleaning and analyzing large datasets (25gb+). Specific responsibilities include:

• Assist lead research associate with data extraction of large data sets

• Develop scripts to clean and manipulate large data sets, including merging and aggregating data and splitting large files into chunks for data analysis

• Develop scripts to conduct basic descriptive data analyses, possibly including aggregating analyses across chunked files

• Document and share analytic approach with colleagues so that they can replicate the processes

• Provide solutions in reducing memory use of analyzing large datasets

Qualifications

This position requires educational achievement; excellent writing skills; demonstrable initiative, creativity, and flexibility; ability to work independently and effectively in groups; and strong interpersonal & organizational skills. Specific requirements:

• Degree required: Bachelors: Computer Science, Statistics, or other related field

• Degree preferred: Masters: Computer Science, Statistics, or other related field

• 1-3 years of experience programming and analyzing data in research or industry

• Thorough understanding of data cleaning and analyzing large-scale data

• Experience in at least one programming language used for very large datasets (Python, Java, etc)

• Experience in mining large data sets in a team setting

• Strong organizational skills and problem solving skills

• Excellent oral and written communication skills

• Conduct analyses and meet with colleagues on-site at the New York office

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",4.1,"Education Development Center, Inc.
4.1","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
204,Data Analyst,"$45k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Role: Data Analyst
Location: Tempe, AZ
Duration: 6+ Months

Job Description:

A driven, experienced data analyst to join the Vendor Managed Inventory team who has a passion for solving problems with data, an eye for process improvement, and the skill to execute changes.
You'll be a great fit if you have the grit to persevere through challenging or ambiguous problems, love a chance to step away from your desk to understand and improve processes, and get excited about translating data into action.

Â
Use statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business reports to solve operational problems.
Be responsible for extracting, cleansing, and visualizing large data sets using the tools and techniques described above.
Plan and lead execution of identified process improvements and cross functional initiatives.
Proactively monitor existing reporting, identify areas of concern, and perform any additional analysis needed to understand underlying causes or nuances.
Deliver insights on urgent business challenges by performing ad hoc analysis and crafting accurate, easy to understand findings.
Forecast future performance based on impact of process improvements and changes to the business.
Work with management team to create a prioritized list of needs for each business segment.
Use data to create models that depict trends related to growth, consumption and forecast.
Work with Project managers to outline the specific data needs for each supplier negotiations.

Qualifications/Experience:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or similar field from an accredited undergraduate institution required.
2+ years of professional experience in data, reporting, and analytics.
Ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a team.
Strong attention to detail.
Strong analytical skills with proficiency in Microsoft SQL Server.
Experience with visualization software; Excel, Access, Pivot Tables, V-Look Up, Tableau proficiency a big plus.
Capable of managing competing priorities.
Ability to thrive (and preference to work) in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Ability to communicate confidently to senior leadership.",4.3,"Softcom Systems
4.3","Tempe, AZ",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
205,"Senior Business Analyst, Data Management","$61k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Business Analyst, Data Management will be part of a team focused on the design, development and delivery of key operating metrics across the Plymouth Rock enterprise.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:
Align metrics across the enterprise and document associated business logic and definitions.
Effectively manage projects of high complexity and maintain documentation of key decision points.
Analyze needs of various business stakeholders to identify and implement the best solution.
Coordinate business & IT data project discussions.
Design and implement test plans.
Validate data quality against business requirements.
Conduct post-release / post-implementation testing.
Ensure that datasets are maintained according to best practices.
Maintain a comprehensive library of technical terminology and documentation.
Build relationships and provide excellent customer service to internal and external business partners.
Ensure that the final product satisfies the requirements and meet end-user expectations.
Spot areas for improvement to enhance the team’s efficiency.
Qualifications and Education:
A Bachelor's degree from an accredited four-year college or university.
Understanding of and experience within the insurance industry is required.
Property and casualty industry experience preferred.
Expert SQL skills and experience with a data visualization / BI tool (Tableau).
Proficient working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite products specifically Excel.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Analytical and problem-solving abilities, with keen attention to detail.
Demonstrate strong organizational and time management skills in a project-based environment.
Ability to prioritize work independently, ensuring accuracy while meeting rigid deadlines.
Confidence in taking ownership of challenging business issues, making decisions with limited or incomplete data and seeing issues through to resolution.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Woodbridge, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
206,Data Management Analyst F-35 JPO,"$36k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB TITLE: Data Management Analyst F-35 JPO

PROJECT OVERVIEW:

Project provides support to the F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter Joint Program Office (JPO) located in Crystal City (Arlington), VA. The JPO manages the development, test, production, fielding and sustainment of the F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter for the USAF, USMC, USN, and International Partner and FMS customer nations worldwide.

JOB DESCRIPTION AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

The Data Management Analyst will assist the Configuration Management/Data Management IPT Lead and other team members in the review, processing disposition, and status accounting of DM documentation. Responsibilities will include the following:
Analyze program requirements, status, budget and schedules
Perform program management, technical, or business case analyses
Participate as a member of and/or supports the specified Program Integrated Product Teams (IPTs); and IPT directed business meetings
Collect, complete, organize and interpret technical data and financial information relating to aircraft acquisition and product programs
Track program/project status and schedules
Applies policies and procedures for financial planning
REQUIRED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:

Security Clearance: Secret
Active Secret Security Clearance is required
Bachelors degree from an accredited university in Business, Management or a degree relevant to the position Allowable substitution:
Associates degree from an accredited university and an additional four (4) years of experience;
Or an additional eight (8) years of experience may be substituted for a Bachelors degree
Demonstrated program experience in the configuration management process must include: configuration identification, control, audit, and status; DOD configuration management policies, procedures, review cycles, instructions and standards; engineering change proposal evaluations
Demonstrated Configuration Management experience with development, production, ancillary equipment, ground support equipment, test & evaluation, and fleet operations of a DoD acquisition domestic and international aircraft program
Analytical and communication abilities (both written and verbal)
DESIRED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:

WORK LOCATION: Crystal City, VA

TRAVEL: 5%

KEY WORDS: DoD, IT, configuration management, CM, configuration identification, control, audit, engineering change proposal evaluations, development, production, ancillary equipment, ground support equipment, test & evaluation, T&E, fleet, international, aircraft.

WBB is a technical and management consulting company that provides innovative products and services that solve government and commercial customers toughest problems. For more than 30 years, WBB has set the standard for excellence in consulting services, while providing its employees with an outstanding work environment with ample opportunities for growth and success. WBB continues to enjoy impressive growth, which is directly attributed to the companys hiring practice of always hiring the very best professionals from government, military and industry.

We are proud of our diverse environment and are an Equal Opportunity Employer. WBB is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity. WBB participates in E-Verify.

WBB does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of WBB and WBB will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.",4.2,"Whitney, Bradley and Brown
4.2","Crystal City, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1981,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
207,Data Quality Analyst,"$40k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

The Data Steward at Southern Management Corporation is responsible for helping drive that improvement in the accessibility and quality of our data assets and tools and allow us to deliver data solutions faster than we do today. This role will be intertwined will all aspects of the business and their vendors to accomplish a robust and comprehensive understanding of the data and how it is intertwined. Our goal is to ensure ability to grow is unconstrained by any limitations of our data.

Responsibilities:
Create and evolve Enterprise Data Standards for SMC including:
Business Terms
Business Definitions
Critical Data Elements
Business Rules
Define and execute processes to monitor data integrity and privacy, establish consistent data definitions, and monitor overall data quality for assigned data entities
Partner with Data Architect Team and business to maintain a business data model and ensure data is aligned across the business
Keep management informed on day-to-day activities and potential risks found
Keep customer engaged by providing feedback on data quality trends and making sure that they are part of the resolution process
Other tasks as assigned
Qualifications:

Education & Experience

Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
1-3 years of experience in Data Quality, Data Stewardship, Business Analytics, ETL, Business Intelligence

Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:

SQL experience preferred
Passionate about Data Quality
Ability to triage and prioritize tasks based on the business needs
Knowledge of data quality, data management, and master data management concepts
High level of accuracy and attention to detail
Ability to deal with ambiguous situations
Understanding of Data Warehousing concepts
Ability to interface with the business leaders
Proactive and able to work in an autonomous work environment
Proven data gathering and analytical skills
Expertise with Microsoft Office",3.3,"Southern Management Corporation
3.3","Greenville, SC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
208,Associate Data Analyst - Capstone,"$43k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","OVERVIEW

At Sentry, we realize that getting valuable, hands-on experience is important for you and your career. We offer a great opportunity to partner your ongoing education with a highly successful and well compensated job all while actively enrolled in college. This position is designed to provide you the opportunity to gain valuable experience in your major while working on our team.

WHAT YOU'LL DO

Analytics students are given the opportunity to work on a real-world project while receiving technical support from knowledgeable associates. This includes working with business areas on the requirements for the project and analyzing the data you produce. You will also gain knowledge working with various tools, such as SQL Management Studio and Tableau, and will gain familiarity with data structures and insurance terminology.

You Will
Work hand-in hand with industry professionals
Build technical skills in advance and/or beyond what you receive in general coursework
WHAT IT TAKES

In order to be eligible for this elite opportunity you must meet the following criteria:
• Pursuing an undergraduate degree in Data Analytics
• Obtain a minimum in-major GPA of 3.0
• Ability to work in a team atmosphere
• Sentry does not offer employment in this position to holders of F-1, J-1, and H-1 Visas for the purpose of obtaining practical experience

WHAT YOU'LL RECEIVE

There is a reason why Sentry made Forbes’ list of America’s Best Midsize Employers in 2017, 2018, and 2019. At Sentry, we recognize there are many factors that contribute to your overall satisfaction both at work, and in your personal life. So, we provide a perfect mixture of compensation, benefits, company culture, and resources to ensure your everyday happiness. Below are some benefits that you’ll receive.

Competitive compensation to reward you for your hard work every day.
Extensive Work-Life Resources to lend a helping hand.
Volunteer Time Off so you can dedicate time to the community.
Sentry Foundation gift matching program to encourage charitable giving.
Opportunity to unleash your talents and add value to the organization
• Free access to Sentry’s Fitness Center, which includes an Olympic size swimming pool, full size gym, racquetball court, and more!
• Access to more than 100 certifications, designation, and IT certification
• If eligible a 401k plan with a dollar-for-dollar match on your first eight percent – immediate vesting
HOW YOU’LL APPLY

If you are interested in joining Sentry’s team, select the one position that you are most interested in being considered for and complete your online application details. If you have applied with us before, you will only need to provide your email address and password. If this is your first time applying, you’ll need to create an account. Please complete your application and upload your resume online.

ABOUT SENTRY

All of us at Sentry—more than 4,000 associates—have various talents, skills, and backgrounds. We work together to deliver on our promises to our policyholders every day. We’re proud to offer a full line of property, casualty, and life insurance products to help protect businesses, cars, homes, lives, and retirement income.

Our headquarters is in Stevens Point, Wisconsin, with claims and service offices located throughout the United States. From sales to claims, and information technology to marketing, we enjoy a rewarding and challenging work environment with opportunities for ongoing professional development and growth.

Our bright future is built on a long track record of success. We got our start in 1904 and have been helping businesses succeed and protect their futures ever since. Because of the trust placed in us, we’re one of the largest and financially strongest mutual insurance companies in the United States. We’re rated A+ by A.M. Best, the industry's leading rating authority.

Get ready to own your future at Sentry. Opportunities await.

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

It is our policy that there be no discrimination in employment based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, disability, age, marital status, or sexual orientation.

TALENT ACQUISITION SPECIALIST

Thank you for your interest in Sentry!

Hannah Krueger
HANNAH.KRUEGER@SENTRY.COM",4.1,"Sentry
4.1","Stevens Point, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
209,"Fraud Intelligence, Data Operations Analyst",-1,"At White Ops, we are all about keeping it human. We are the global leader in bot mitigation. We protect more than 200 enterprises—including the largest internet platforms—from sophisticated bots by verifying the humanity of nearly one trillion online interactions every week. The most sophisticated bots look and act like humans when they click on ads, visit websites, fill out forms, take over accounts, and commit payment fraud. We stop them.

Founded in 2012 in a Brooklyn sci-fi bookstore, our Bot Mitigation Platform protects enterprises from the sophisticated bots that threaten them. It's an ongoing war that we fight passionately every day. Join our mission to stop bots, disrupt the economics of cyber crime, and keep it human.

The Data Operations team is responsible for surfacing useful insights from the terabytes of data we amass every day. We value ethics, experimentation, efficiency, and intellectual curiosity. We are looking for someone who will compliment the team to innovate without regard to conventions, accelerate us through new tooling, and deliver quality data intelligence to our internal and external stakeholders.

What you'll do:
Identify impactful detection leads that increase velocity from time of threat identification to implementation of detection/blocking in White Ops products
Deploy stop-gap defenses for emerging threats through the development of analyses, models, algorithms, and dashboards
Create complex queries and reports to analyze historical data, including the use of techniques such as: subqueries, temp tables, complex joins, variables
Lead the design and architecture of data models and dashboards used to present key information to detection and customer success teams
Triage customer and internal inquiries about fraud efficacy by acting as first line of analysis
Implement best practices and tooling that will improve the time to understand a new detection lead and process it
Assist in research for case studies and white papers on fraud patterns
Create detailed documentation of models, algorithms, and analyses to create transparency and auditability of work
Who you are:
You have a strong sense of ownership which drives you to find ways to do things better, faster, and leaner; you hold yourself accountable for the quality and accuracy of your work
You look to find new and innovative ways to solve complex problems through rigorous experimentation and application of emerging technologies
You are open and transparent and work in tight collaboration with other team members on data projects and cross-departmentally across the rest of White Ops
You are communicative and go out of your way to support your team
Proficiency in SQL
Experience working with multi TB to PB data sets in cloud databases
Experience working with both structured and unstructured data sets
Experience improving processes and implementing tooling to accelerate analysis
Python experience or exposure preferred
Benefits and Perks
Unlimited vacation policy
Stock options, 401(k), and commuter benefits
Competitive salary and benefits
Medical and dental insurance for all full-time employees
Fully paid parental leave
Professional development fund
Great coaching from senior leaders and challenging development opportunities
Life at White Ops:

Our HQ office is located in the heart of New York City. We are growing the company deliberately with a keen eye towards maintaining a culture that values diversity, lifestyle, and career growth. We are doing meaningful work and we need people to join our mighty team. We are proud of our overwhelmingly positive presence on Glassdoor and Built in NYC. We have offices located in NYC, DC, Victoria, and London.",3.8,"White Ops
3.8",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
210,"Analyst, Logistics Data Analytics","$44k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Kraft Heinz, The Company

As one of the world’s largest food and beverage companies, we are proud to spark joy around mealtimes with a global portfolio of more than 200 brands. Some are iconic master brands like Heinz, Kraft and Planters. Others are fast growing new sensations that defy status quo like DEVOUR and Primal Kitchen. No matter the brand, we are united under one vision To Be the Best Food Company, Growing a Better World. Bringing this vision to life are our 36,000+ teammates around the world, making food people love.

Together, we help provide meals to those in need through our global partnership and commitment with Rise Against Hunger. And we also stand committed to sustainability, and the health of our planet and its people.

Every day, we are transforming the food industry with bold thinking and unprecedented results. If you’re passionate like us -- and ready to create the future, build on a storied legacy, and participate as a conscientious global citizen -- there’s one thing to do join us.

Our Culture of Ownership, Meritocracy and Collaboration

We’re not afraid to think differently. Embrace new ideas. Dream big. It all comes down to the way we empower our people to own their work. It’s true Our employees are our competitive advantage.

As part of the Kraft Heinz family you’re supported to grow and achieve. You’re recognized and rewarded for outstanding performance at every level. You’re given the opportunity to leave your mark and build legacies. But you won’t do it alone. This is where our values and teamwork thrives and collaborative spirit fuels every day.

Job Description


Role

Oversight of maintenance of reporting and data analytics for Kraft Heinz logistics. This role will support all parts of logistics to develop and enhance reporting and data quality as well as guide the team on use of data to make more effective business decisions.

Primary Responsibilities
Tableau expert for logistics department
Monitor and report on key performance indicators for Kraft Heinz logistics
Interview logistics team and transform current reporting and data to tableau platform
Proactively engage team on how to interpret and leverage data to drive business results
Training on Tableau and Business Intelligence reporting usage - new hires, system enhancements, ongoing refresher trainings, continuous improvement
Identify and resolve areas of data integrity concerns
Present performance results to peers and leadership, highlighting areas of opportunity through data analytics
Develop/update reports and dashboards to adapt to business requirements
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree preferred; Supply chain, Engineering, Business, Logistics, or related field specialty a plus
1-3 years’ work or education in logistics, demand planning/forecasting, supply planning, or supply chain related areas
Tableau development experience / Advanced Tableau preferred, or willingness to learn quickly
Efficiency in Excel and general knowledge of other MS Office applications required
Forecasting and/or manufacturing systems experience preferred
Preferred experience using SAP
Location(s)
Chicago/Aon Center
Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity",3.3,"Kraft Heinz Company
3.3","Chicago, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,2015,Company - Public,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
211,Data Analyst,-1,"Neighborhood Health Association (NHA), a Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC), is the largest community health center system in Northwest Ohio with partnerships that include ProMedica, Mercy Health, and University of Toledo Medical Center. NHA has grown from a single location in 1969 to 12 medical and dental clinics throughout Lucas County. Today we operate multiple health centers including pediatrics, adult medicine, dental services, health care for the homeless, women’s health center, senior centers and a full service pharmacy with lab services on site.

For more than 50 years, NHA has placed a strong focus on prevention and empowering individual responsibility in managing their health care and overall well-being. Our services are acutely responsive to the needs of everyone throughout the communities we serve, providing excellent care and the best health practices.

We are currently seeking a full-time Data Analyst position to join our Quality team.

Job Duties

This position requires high proficiency in Excel utilizing such as graphs, pivot tables and report writing tools.

Proficient at accessing data and presenting in formats for analysis and presentation to departmental leadership.

Develops queries, writes reports, and presents findings; translates report requirements in specifications and use the reporting tool to generate data extract that can be rendered into identified output format

Filters, cleans data and validates reports by reviewing reports and performance indicators to locate and correct reporting problems

Extracts and analyzes data to support the organization’s decision making processes

Provides recommendations to management and QI Director based on professional expertise, data analytics, and insights regarding the improvement of care and organizational systems

Coordinates with clinical employees regarding data reporting, including data pulls from queries specific to UDS, MU, PCMH and FTCA

Coordinates with internal and external points of contact for resolution of data or system errors or problems.

Three (3) years of clinical Quality and Performance Improvement; and Reporting preferred

Minimum of six (6) months experience using an electronic health record system

Knowledge of QI and/or Total Quality Management theory and practices preferred

Must have exceptional analytical skills

Ability to operate a PC/laptop computer with the ability to effectively enter and retrieve information from a computer

Effective communication skills at all levels in the organization, with strong oral, written and persuasive skills. Must be able to work independently and with little or no supervision

Well organized, self-motivated, and able to work well with others

Valid OH Driver License & reliable transportation due to travel to clinic locations in the Toledo area

Strong ethics and a high level of personal and professional integrity

Fluency in Microsoft Office, proficiency in Excel, experience with relational databases, statistical software (SAS, SPSS, etc.) is strongly desired.

Monday through Friday schedule, no nights, weekends or holidays.

Benefits include health, dental, vision, life & retirement plan.

Competitive salary, PTO and 10 paid holidays

We are a drug free workplace and equal opportunity employer.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.nhainc.org
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",1.9,"Neighborhood Health Association
1.9","Toledo, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
212,Data Analyst,-1,"Over the coming years, biotech will fundamentally rewrite the way we live. Gene editing and cell therapy are dramatically changing how we treat cancer and other major illnesses. Biofuels and biomaterials are transforming the cars we drive, the clothes we wear, and the makeup of everyday objects. Crop science and synthetic biology are producing sustainable and ethical food. Benchling’s mission is to accelerate the research that propels us towards this reality, and magnify its impact, through modern software.

Every day, scientists around the world use Benchling’s applications, platform, & analytics in their efforts to solve humanity's most pressing problems. For these scientists, Benchling is the central technology they use to conduct their research. Our customers include pharmaceutical giants, leading biotechs, and the world's most renowned research institutes.

Benchling is building an Internal Data and Analytics team, which will be focused on establishing the necessary data infrastructure and systems to enable all of our business units to answer key questions and make strategic decisions. If you have a passion for investigating what makes a growing business tick, and if you imagine yourself exploring data from systems across an entire company to dig up answers to these questions, we want to meet you.

You will establish key metrics for many stakeholders within the company, including Product, Marketing, Sales, and Customer Success, and identify opportunities for data to guide critical strategic product and business decisions. In addition, you will be one of the first people at Benchling building the next generation of our data infrastructure, which will be used not only by the data practitioners on our team, but by the rest of the company as well.

As one of Benchling’s first data analysts, you’ll be joining a rapidly growing, world-class engineering and product team and form the foundation of our data organization. You will help to build the next generation of our data infrastructure and enable the company to answer key questions and make better decisions. Benchling is growing really quickly, and you’ll be setting the bar for high quality data and a metrics-driven culture as we scale.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Work closely with cross-functional teams across all of Benchling to develop a strategy around our data platform and to establish best practices for a metrics-driven culture.
Build dashboards / reports and empower the business to answer key questions across Sales, Marketing, Customer Success, Recruiting, Product, and Engineering.
Prioritize between multiple planned analytics projects and ad-hoc data requests for our internal stakeholders
Define and design data pipelines and data integrations to collect, clean, and store large scale, cross-functional datasets.

YOU

BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related quantitative field
3+ years experience, not counting academic experience, on data science or data analytics teams, especially on data teams focused on internal operations
Experience with querying and exploring data stored in MPPs (Redshift, Snowflake, Hive/Presto, or similar technologies)
Demonstrable fluency with SQL (primarily PostgreSQL)
Experience with a scripting language (Python, Ruby, or similar)
Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Looker, or similar tools
Strong communicator with both words and data - you understand what it takes to go from raw data to something a human understand

OUR VALUES

Empower through information. We explain the “why” behind every decision, unless there are highly sensitive circumstances. We're honest about how we're doing, especially in difficult times. We believe that sharing information builds trust and enables better decision-making.
Rely on tenacity. Hard work is one of the greatest factors to determine success and is fully under our control. We must make the most of every day by bringing the highest level of determination. Dreaming big is not enough.
Raise the bar. Pushing ourselves and others to improve will be uncomfortable and at times result in failure. However, it's critical to our success. We're dedicated to creating a place where everyone feels challenged to improve.
Build a lever. We choose to build tools and infrastructure that will help others make world-changing innovations. There's less glory in it, but in the words of Archimedes, ""Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.""

PERKS AND BENEFITS

Work with a talented yet humble team
Competitive compensation & equity package
401k
Medical, dental, and vision insurance
Monthly health & wellness stipend
Weekly virtual social events, and annual company retreats
$1,000 work-from-home stipend
In following best practices and safety protocols, all Benchling employees are expected to work remotely until we are further advised that it is safe for employees to resume work in their respective office locations.
To support remote work conditions, Benchling provides each employee a one-time stipend of $1,000 upon commencing employment, and additional discounted employee purchase plans for home-office equipment.",5.0,"Benchling
5.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
213,Diversity Summer Data Analyst Program,-1,"Diversity Summer Data Analyst Program

GID Investment Advisers LLC | Boston, MA | Summer 2021

This 10-week paid internship program is an outstanding opportunity for undergraduate students to learn about real estate, asset management, and general business. We are seeking high-achieving, underrepresented candidates, including female, Black, Hispanic/Latino, and Native American students.

GID is a privately held and fully integrated real estate company founded in 1960 that develops, owns, and operates a premier portfolio of existing and under-development properties valued at over $17 billion. Our corporate headquarters are located in the Financial District in Boston, and we have beautiful properties in major cities around the U.S., including New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Washington, Atlanta, Dallas, Houston, and Denver, run by our property division, Windsor Communities. We own and manage 124 investment properties and employ over 900 real estate professionals. GID’s in-house team is focused on the Top 20 US markets and has demonstrated competency in research, acquisitions, due diligence, development, lease-up, management, renovation, financing, technology, operations, portfolio management, asset management and dispositions.

GID is offering a premier paid summer internship opportunity in our Asset Management Group in Boston for students who are interested in the real estate industry. Each intern will gain meaningful work experience in a professional environment, working with one of the most preeminent real estate firms.

Duration: This full-time, 10 week paid internship begins on Monday, June 7, 2021 and ends on Friday, August 13, 2021.

Internship Highlights: Participants will be part of the Asset Management team at GID and will be assigned both a manager and a mentor. The program includes:

Orientation
Mentor and coaching program
Professional development classes covering a wide range of topics including:
Introduction to the Real Estate industry
Macro Market Dynamics
Sustainability
Market Selection – How to rank cities for investment
Impact of Technology on Real Estate
Deal Structuring
Due Diligence Process
Performance Reporting and Business Analytics
Interviewing Skills
Property Tours
Social outings in Boston, including a Red Sox game
A capstone project to be worked on throughout the 10 weeks and presented at the end of the internship to members of GID’s Executive Committee

Qualifications: The summer analyst role is for highly motivated, underrepresented candidates pursuing a college or university degree and is usually undertaken during the second or third year of study. If you have a demonstrated track record of the following, please apply below:

Interest in private equity and/or real estate
Working closely with team members on presentations and financial analysis
Performing comprehensive and in-depth analyses
Preparing presentations, proposals and other marketing materials
Strong competency in MS Office, especially in Excel and PowerPoint
Strong teamwork, communication, interpersonal and critical thinking skills
Ability to work additional hours as needed
Working knowledge of SQL. Ability to understand data structures and write code in SQL to extract information.
Basic data analytics. Ability to analyze and interpret data
Working knowledge of Business Intelligence software (Tableau, Microsoft BI)
Finance, Economics, Business, or Computer Science major

Drug testing and background checks are an employment requirement. These are required steps in the hiring process.

GID is an Equal Opportunity Employer",-1,GID Investment Advisers LLC,"Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1960,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
214,Data Analyst,"$45k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB SUMMARY
The Credit Services Risk Management team is a large and complex critical function for company success. We are staffed with highly-skilled and motivated individuals with a large emphasis on analytical abilities & problem solving skills. The Sr. Data Analyst will provide critical analysis to enhance credit risk functions such as underwriting and/or collections. This person will be the central point of contact to drive business decisions by leveraging deep analytics.

MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Provide recommendations for new or enhanced strategies to reduce losses and to retain customers
Partner with others to build predictive models and/or to implement solutions in production processes
Ensures that programming tasks are completed before the deadline and are fully tested with minimal defects
Gather business requirements. This individual will need to work with leadership and business partners to identify data and reporting needs for analysis
Develop/select methodologies to derive answers to business problems
Analyze data to provide meaningful insights. This individual must have strong data manipulation and interpretation skills, and be able to quantitatively assess business problems
Identify data sources and data attributes across and outside the company that will support the business needs
Conduct analyses that drive meaningful change on key objectives established by senior Charter leadership
Synthesize actionable insights by joining together large data sets from across the company, and applying appropriate analytical techniques
Communicate findings clearly and concisely through narrative-driven presentations and effective data visualizations to Charter executives and decision makers
Develop analytic plans and testable hypotheses for key business questions raised by partners to ensure that all important questions are addressed fully, appropriately, and accurately
Perform other duties as may be requested by manager
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
Strong expertise in SQL
Business and quantitative analysis experience using packages such as SAS/Python/R
Ability to communicate orally and in writing in a clear and straightforward manner
Ability to plan, prioritize and organize effectively
Ability to adapt to change
Detail oriented, self-motivated, proactive and results driven
Highly energetic; ability to partner across business lines; a go-getter who seeks out information and does not wait for others to reach out
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience in scripting languages such as Java/Ruby/Perl.
Experience in using large databases; conducting complex analysis languages as noted above
Solving business problems through deep analytics
Ability to see patterns in the data where others are unable to;
Desire to use large databases and complex analysis to solve problems
Ability to explain complex analysis results in an easy-to-understand language
Advance skills in Excel, PowerPoint and Access
Excellent quantitative analysis skills
Ability to create conceptual frameworks enabling the analysis of varied business problems
Education
B.S. in quantitative sciences, including statistics, computer science, engineering, Business with focus on analytics. M.S. in a similar discipline preferred.

Related Work Experience
3+ years experience solving business problems through deep analytics
Industry experience in Financial services, insurance or actuarial services or medical research preferred but not required
WORKING CONDITIONS
Office Environment",3.0,"SPECTRUM
3.0","Stamford, CT",-1,10000+ Employees,2016,Subsidiary or Business Segment,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,$10+ billion (USD),-1
215,"Data Analyst, Payments","$68k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Build out rigorous observability and optimizations across the Stripe Payments Stack

About our Team:


Payments are the core of Stripe's business, and the groups and teams within Payments Infrastructure are broadly responsible for processing and moving these funds at a huge scale.

From the outside, a customer's credit card is charged and the merchant receives a payout to their bank account. On the inside, we have a network of teams that build infrastructure for charging the credit cards (or other payment methods, like bank transfers or Alipay), integrations with our banking partners to send transfers to our users across the globe, systems that collect Stripe's revenue, and more. Collectively, this group powers all payments products at Stripe, and we're looking for talented analysts to come help us organize and understand the data surrounding these complex processes.

You will:
Work closely with product and engineering teams to identify important questions around how to define key metrics
Conduct analyses and opportunity sizing to define addressable markets and operational opportunities for improvement
Develop compelling dashboards and automated reporting related to key performance metrics
Communicate results and influence key decision makers, including engineering, and business leaders
You'd ideally have:


3+ years experience in product analytics
Extensive experience and passion for metrics and dashboards visualizations
Highly skilled at writing SQL to query relational databases; knowledge of R or Python is a plus
Strong communication and presentation skills
Degree in a quantitative field (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Math, Sciences, Engineering)
You should include these in your application:
A resume and LinkedIn profile
A dashboard sample
What's it like to work at Stripe?


Stripe is helping the internet fulfill its potential as a platform for economic progress by building software tools that accelerate global economic access and technological development. Stripe makes it easy to start, run and scale an internet business from anywhere in the world.

We look at Stripe as a constant work in progress and the same is true of our people; for all of us, we believe the best is yet to come. We're here to support each other in our curiosity and creativity – which we pursue through thoughtful discussion and knowledge-sharing among a diverse set of peers and colleagues.

We want to work in a company of warm, inclusive people who treat their colleagues exceptionally well. The kind of people who are committed to going out of their way to help other Stripes in the short-term and pushing them to improve over the long-term (by helping them to get better at what they do).

We're a highly cross-functional organization and view that as part of the fun: we design our space to encourage as much collaboration as possible. We have long tables in the kitchen for a reason (to enable everyone to meet new people and learn from them). We also have a culture of transparency that we carry through to email communication, ensuring that Stripes all around the world have the information they need to make good local decisions.

In both our products and our people, we aim to reflect, represent and advocate for all of our users, globally. Our users transcend geography, culture and language; what we share, collectively, is a drive to create a fairer, more economically interconnected world.",4.1,"Stripe
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
216,Associate Analyst Data Warehouse,"$43k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Location 18101 SE 6th Way, Vancouver, Washington Job Type Full-time regular

Summary and Qualifications:

The primary purpose and function of the Associate Analyst Data Warehouse is to participate in Tier 1 Data Warehouse and Analytic production support including as a liaison between end users and the data warehouse team and management of the support intake site. The position will also assist with validating acceptance criteria, performing data quality tests as well as performance testing.

Essential Responsibilities and Tasks:

Live and exemplify the Five Principles of Mars, Inc. within self and team.
Provide Tier 1 support to business users using the following skills: data mining/SQL skills, strong analytic skills to work backwards from problem to solution, ability to read and interpret PL/SQL.
Build and maintain strong collaboration with our upstream and downstream partners.
Manage Data Warehouse Team support intake site and backlog.
Administer technical debt backlog to ensure forward progress.
Partner with architects and developers to translate business requirements into technical specifications.
Assist with validating acceptance criteria and service level agreements are being met by solutions provided by data engineers.
Perform system diagnostics, troubleshooting and performance testing.
Test the usability of data (speed and ease of querying, readability of our documentation, etc.) to provide optimal user experience and decrease support needs.
Develop/maintain reporting for data warehouse performance metrics.
Other job duties as assigned.

Special Working Conditions:

Ability to work at a computer for long periods of time.
Project timelines and work volume / deadlines may often require more than 40 hours per week to complete essential duties of this job.
Must have mental processes for reasoning, remembering, mathematics and language ability (reading, writing, and speaking the English language) to perform the duties proficiently.
Ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form and to solve problems involving several variables.
Ability to stand, walk, stoop, kneel, crouch, and climb as well as manipulate (lift, carry, move) up to 50 pounds.
Requires good hand-eye coordination, arm-hand-finger dexterity with the ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard and operate necessary equipment.
The noise level in the work environment is normally moderate.
Environment where pets are present.

Experience, Education and/or Training:

Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Business or related field is required, or the equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.
Experience using data warehouse or analytics tools for business purposes is required.
Oracle SQL or SQL Server is required.
Exposure to Microsoft Power BI or other analytics tools, Oracle PL/SQL, experience collaborating across multiple business functions is preferred.

WE ARE A DRUG-FREE, SMOKE-FREE, EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.

Banfield Pet Hospital® strongly supports and values the uniqueness of all individuals and promotes a work environment where diversity is embraced. Banfield Pet Hospital is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, genetic information, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability. Banfield Pet Hospital complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every Banfield location.",3.1,"Banfield Pet Hospital
3.1","Vancouver, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,1955,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
217,Data Analyst,"$39k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","_Fully remote position due to COVID currently. No estimated return to office as of now. You will however need to be local/accessible on LI to travel into the office for equipment and such throughout._
Supports in the reporting and analysis of marketing performance, student acquisition, student lifecycle and operational processes to support business decisions and strategic development.
Help lead database development related projects within marketing, student recruitment, admissions and enrollment operations and will work towards data-driven marketing insight and optimization across multiple channels.
Provide campaign performance analysis, online analytics, market/audience segmentation, trending market research, and competitor intelligence
Knowledge and expertise working within CRM systems
Compile reports to support international and domestic recruitment efforts and initiatives.
· Provide email, mail and phone lists for marketing and recruitment campaigns.

· Work in partnership with the Information Technology group in automating and improving processes that manage data for analysis and reporting.

· Assist with defining error correction processes.

· Gather and analyze information about key milestones throughout student lifecycle – inquiry, recruit, application, accept, matriculation, graduate, and postgraduate information.

· Provide market research to facilitate business decisions and strategic development.

· Gather and present information used for various presentations, meetings, publications

· Manage processes to ensure database modules, are updated and upgraded as necessary to incorporate enhancements and to facilitate accurate and timely analyses.

· Manage the transition of ad hoc reporting into standard reports as appropriate.

· Generate information as needed to key members of the University for in-depth analysis of student performance and graduate success.

· Generate monthly and ad-hoc reports to identify trends and success markers.

· Compile information for state, agency and federal reporting as needed.

· Process routine reports by extracting data from operational database.

· Experience working with spreadsheets, data analysis tools, statistics and working knowledge of SQL.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $25.00 - $30.00 per hour

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.4,"The Essex Companies
3.4","Great River, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
218,Data Analyst,-1,"Company is seeking a Data Analyst to assist senior data analysts in managing, updating, documenting and expanding capabilities of databases and tools using MS Office based products to support the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) logistics and contracting services; assist in gathering, design, creation, programming, modification, documenting processes and routine maintenance and updating of databases or other data analysis tools used for tracking, managing and analyzing procurement related data elements, KPI's, metrics and data to support continuous process improvement initiatives; provide research and analytical support for reporting and presentations required by management; interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.

Strong interpersonal skills in communication and writing is required. May be required to provide training on the databases and tools to staff. Must possess working knowledge of and experience with MS Office Applications (Microsoft Access, PowerPoint, Word, Excel, and Project), Visual Basic for Applications(VBA), supply chain processes, logistics and business to business procurement or contracting processes. Must be able to obtain a Level IT II access in the Federal Government. EEOC

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $50,000.00 - $65,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
MS Access and Excel: 3 years (Required)
federal government contracting processes: 3 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Company's website:
www.palcorp.net
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",2.6,"PAL Services
2.6","Richmond, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
219,Project Coordinator - Data Analyst,"$35k-$69k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Project Coordinator - Data Analyst
Location


Hauppauge, NY

Company Order Number

2123

# of openings

1

Apply Now

Custom Computer Specialists, Inc. is one of the largest Technical Consultants on Long Island, celebrating over 40 years in business! We continue to successfully provide network integration, support services, products solutions, and applications services to our valued clients in the northeast. Our focus is simple...our goal is to make technology easy and to help our clients use it as effectively as possible.

Position Title: Project Coordinator

Division: MSP

Reports to: James Szwed, Manager

OVERVIEW

This individual will provide project support and coordination for our healthcare sector. We are looking for a person who wants to challenge him/herself that will take ownership and assist with daily project production. Requirements include having technical and analytical capabilities, knowledge of office suite, an understanding of technical concepts, ability to plan and manage multiple tasks, outstanding written and verbal communication skills.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Responsibilities of this position include:
Creating and closing request tickets for each device
Communicating with teams to ensure timely completion of tasks
Responsible for managing inbound support tickets
Updating assets in the database with corresponding tickets
Assisting other coordinators with scheduling work to technicians
Updating assignment of new assets with client’s ITAM system
Providing operational support of physical inventory in Custom’s warehouse for old and new assets
Covering for other team members when on leave
QUALIFICATIONS

The right candidate will have:
Minimum of 6 months’ experience working as an administrative assistant or project coordinator
Capable of working with Microsoft word, excel, and power point
Professional verbal communication, customer service, organizational skills and professional manner required
Candidates must be customer oriented, self-motivated, ambitious and dedicated team players
Custom Computer Specialists Offers:


Competitive salaries
Comprehensive benefits including:
Medical and dental plans
Company Paid Vision and Short and long term disability plans
Flexible spending programs including Healthcare, Dependent Care, Transit and Parking
401K with employer match
Tuition reimbursement
Onsite Fitness Center (or gym membership reimbursement for client or satellite based employees)
Company paid life Insurance
Paid holidays and vacation
Technical certification gift card rewards program
Come experience our unique culture and see how our “right people, right results” philosophy has led to our outstanding success! We are great place to start your IT career!

EEO Statement:


Custom Computer Specialists is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other protected characteristic.",2.4,"PAL Services
2.6","Richmond, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1979,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
220,Data Analyst,"$45k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: *Data Analyst *

Location: *Austin, TX *
Position Summary: * The Data Analyst will utilize 5+ years mortgage servicing experience along with 3+ years’ MSP experience to assist business users daily to create and understand our customers need for data. The role will work closely with customers, team members, and management to gather and translate business requirements into to technical table requirements. Requirement documents will be used by developers and/or data engineers for table creation and ETL development.
Responsibilities**: *
· Translate business requirements into technical documentation by collaborating with management and/or business users

· Manage and update new and outstanding table request tickets, master table inventory, lookup tables, and data dictionaries

· Understand and communicate the

· Help identify keys, constraints, indexes, data dictionaries, raw data files and create table requirements document

· Test tables prior to release to production including but not limited to data analysis, validation, and balancing

· Act as first responder and point of contact for any table outages both internally and externally along with documenting each occurrence

· Create and execute resolution plans for table outages such as updating or creating new balancing processes to mitigate future issues

· Research issues with existing data tables through data analysis, data mapping, validation, and balancing efforts

· Participate in meetings with team members or business users to document prioritization of table requests

· Review processes and procedures and recommend improvements to management and other departments within the company to increase productivity and quality

· Assist with creating procedures and documentation of processes
Desired Competencies**: *
5+ years demonstrated experience in the Mortgage Servicing industry, developing and implementing technology solutions and performing process redesign and workflow analysis, defining and documenting business requirements, systems support, systems administration.
3+ years’ experience with Black Knight’s business environment and the Mortgage Servicing Platform (MSP) application development environment
Experience or familiarity with Microsoft SQL, Access databases, ETL, and VBA a plus
Experience with relational databases, diagrams, data dictionaries a must
Strong prioritization and organizational skills, including the ability to maintain several concurrent activities while managing user expectations
Able to work independently
Excellent verbal and written communication with ability to adjust according to audience
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment without daily oversight
BKFS Passport experience a plus
Desired Education/Experience**: *The ideal candidate should be a highly successful mortgage servicing professional with at least 3 years of experience in the Mortgage Technology or Servicing Sector. The candidate should bring the following:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Computer Science, or related fields or comparable experience and training
Current or prior experience documenting requirements, procedures, or policies
Work Authorization**: * Must be able to verify identity and employment eligibility to work in the U.S.
Other Duties**: *This job profile is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of job duties and responsibilities, as one may perform additional related duties as assigned in order to meet the needs of the organization.
Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Must be able to lift to ten pounds. Primary functions require sufficient physical ability and mobility to work in an office setting; to stand or sit for prolonged periods of time; to occasionally stoop, bend, kneel, crouch, reach, and twist; to lift, carry, push, and/or pull light to moderate amounts of weight; to operate office equipment requiring repetitive hand movement and fine coordination including use of a keyboard; and to verbally communicate to exchange information. VISION: See in the normal visual range with or without correction. HEARING: Hear in the normal audio range with or without correction.

[EOE/M/F/D/V. Drug-free workplace.]

#Ll-RM1

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Overtime
Ability to Commute/Relocate:
Austin, TX 78717 (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Experience:
SQL: 1 year (Required)
Mortgage servicing industry: 5 years (Required)
Black Knights business environment: 3 years (Required)
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment
Work Remotely:
No",3.6,"New American Funding
3.6","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
221,Data Analyst,"$35k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst, Fandango
Our ideal candidate is a sharp, thoughtful problem solver, who enjoys identifying key business levers and challenges, and then building analytical framework to impact strategic decision making.

What you'll do

Business Performance, Reporting and Visualization: Define KPIs, build automated dashboards, reports, and models to help teams make faster better decisions.

Deep-Dive Analysis: Analyze user behavioral data to identify patterns, uncover opportunities, and create common understanding of how people are interacting with the platform and content. Able to work effectively on sometimes ambiguous data and constructs within a fast-changing environment, tight deadlines and priority changes.

Forecasting and Opportunity Sizing: Set goals and help evaluate potential opportunities, this analyst will be tasked with forecasting and opportunity sizing. This will help business stakeholders evaluate trade-offs in different approaches and create targets for driving business performance.

Stakeholder management: Partner cross-functionally with product/marketing/Engineering to identify opportunities using data.

Qualifications/Requirements

Who you are

 2+ years of analytical experience with product or marketing analytics.
 Very Strong SQL and data visualization skills
 Experience with Python/R or other statistical programming language a plus
 Familiarity with data exploration and data visualization tools like Looker, Tableau
 Understanding of statistics concepts (e.g., hypothesis testing, regression analysis).
 Strong communication skills, as well as written and verbal presentation skills.

Sub-Business

Fandango

Career Level

Experienced

City

Beverly Hills

State/Province

California

Country

United States

About Us

At Fandango, we love movies. From showtimes and ticketing, to engaging content and innovations in movie going- we strive to deliver the perfect movie going experience—anytime, anywhere. And to be the go-to destination for moviegoers, we think it’s all about collaboration. Anyone can build a website or app, but it takes a special group across many disciplines to create an experience that can live across multiple platforms and connected devices. Thanks to an exceptional team, we’re working hard to make Fandango a little bit better every day. Our 30 million (and growing!) online and mobile monthly visitors can now buy movie tickets at over 25,000 screens nationwide and stay for exclusive trailers, our award-winning original video series, movie reviews, celebrity interviews and more. So, if you’re looking to inspire, be inspired and work at the intersection of entertainment and technology look no further than Fandango. Visit Fandango.com/careers for a behind-the-scenes look at Fandango and follow us on LinkedIn for the latest news and updates. Fandango is an NBCUniversal Company.

Notices

NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.",3.9,"NBCUniversal
3.9","Beverly Hills, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1906,Company - Public,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,$10+ billion (USD),-1
222,Data Analyst,"$36k-$65k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Overview:

Analyzes company functions, processes, and activities to improve computer-based business applications for the most effective use of man, methods, machine and materials. Recommends alternative solutions to management as to courses of action that best meet the organization's goals

Responsibilities include but not limited to:

Gather data, analyze data, and deliver accurate reports in a timely manner
Excel guru capable of compiling data without system support.
Utilizes available computer systems resources and personnel to carry out analysis to support management's quest for performance improvement.
Reviews and analyzes information, forecasts, methods, schedules, systems, processes, and procedures.
Determines most useful business solutions for the company.
Performs duties concerned with the design and improvement of computer-based business systems.
Works closely with senior managers to identify and solve a variety of computer-based business system problems.
Analyzes requirements, procedures, and problems to automate processing or to improve existing business systems.
Confers with personnel of organizational units involved to analyze current operational procedures and identify problems.
KPI's creation, update and development.
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques
Build analysis and reporting capabilities and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Filter and clean data by reviewing computer reports, printouts and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems
Collaborate with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities

Job Qualifications:

3+ years of relevant analyst experience
Technical expertise related to data models, data design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
Microsoft Access, SQL and/or Tableau a plus.
Experience with Oracle a plus.
Microsoft Office Skills required
Organizational skills
Collaborative project management
Excellent communication skills (telephone, verbal and written)
Self-motivated
Advanced technical skills.
Excellent documentation skills
Customer focused and professionalism
Excellent multi-tasker and handles pressure well
Solid analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy

Educational Requirements:

A bachelor's degree in business or related field.

We look forward to hearing from you!",3.3,"FOX Factory, Inc.
3.3","Gainesville, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1975,Company - Public,Transportation Equipment Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
223,Senior Data Analyst,-1,"You will be a crucial member of the team tasked with capturing data workflows and use cases across EQRx and turn them into reproducible, democratizable tools on a modern data tech stack, enabling faster and more successful drug development. You will map how data is used to understand the complex web of interrelationships in taking drugs from a pharmaceutical company to a patient. You will translate and harden these workflows to a modern data tech stack in collaboration with data scientists and engineers.
You will understand how clinical scientists and staff capture, maintain, and use data and use these insights to organize data across EHR (Electronic Health Record), clinical trial, and other data sources. You will integrate data across sources and use cases (e.g. pricing, claims, and clinical) to enable end users to see across EQRx’s data asset to improve our program design, operations, opportunity targeting, pricing, and access. You will assist in building a digital-native life sciences company, identifying and prioritizing areas to pursue, where data tools could inform decision making throughout EQRx.
The Impact You Will Have
You will enable experts across EQRx to look across datasets to identify key opportunities to dramatically reduce prices and expand access to novel drugs, connecting information across market data, patient claims and adherence, and clinical datasets to enable experts to pinpoint the most salient opportunities for developing novel, more accessible medicines. This person will speed the development and trialing of novel medicines by bringing a digital and data native technology stack to drug development, powering a modern, and radically new paradigm in drug development.
Your Superpowers
You have a Bachelors or Masters degree in a quantitative scientific, or social scientific field, e.g. biology, engineering, economics, etc.
You have 5+ years of experience in industry (Life sciences background a major plus).
You are skilled at building insightful visualizations in a modern dashboarding tool (e.g. Mode, Looker, Spotfire); experience with D3.js a plus.
You are fluent in SQL and comfortable in a scripting language such as python.
You have worked with modern cloud data warehousing tools (e.g. BigQuery, Snowflake) and ETL tools (e.g. Stitch, Fivetran, DBT).
You are an excellent communicator, empathetic with end users and internal customers. You can translate a problem from a description of a business process to organization of data and pipelines.
You have a quick, flexible mind; always looking for clever ways to connect data and transform processes to a modern, digital and data native architecture.
You possess strong communication, organizational and presentation skills.
You can participate and work effectively on multiple cross-functional teams.
You play well in the sandbox. You understand relationships are key and have strong interpersonal skills.
Teams love working with you and learning from you.
You can thrive in a smaller company environment and love the pace of a true startup.
You’re a team player who is willing to roll-up your sleeves and get the job done.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
224,Market Risk Data Analyst,"$57k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","A career in our Analytics Technology practice, within Data and Analytics Technology services, will provide you with the opportunity to help organisations uncover enterprise insights and drive business results using smarter data analytics. We focus on a collection of organisational technology capabilities, including business intelligence, data management, and data assurance that help our clients drive innovation, growth, and change within their organisations in order to keep up with the changing nature of customers and technology. You’ll make impactful decisions by mixing mind and machine to leverage data, understand and navigate risk, and help our clients gain a competitive edge. Our team helps clients navigate various analytics applications to get the most value out of their technology investment and foster confidence in their business intelligence. As part of our team, you’ll help our clients implement enterprise content and data management applications that improve operational effectiveness and provide impactful data analytics and insights.

To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.

As a Senior Manager, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:

Encourage everyone to have a voice and invite opinion from all, including quieter members of the team.
Deal effectively with ambiguous and unstructured problems and situations.
Initiate open and candid coaching conversations at all levels.
Move easily between big picture thinking and managing relevant detail.
Anticipate stakeholder needs, and develop and discuss potential solutions, even before the stakeholder realises they are required.
Contribute technical knowledge in area of specialism.
Contribute to an environment where people and technology thrive together to accomplish more than they could apart.
Navigate the complexities of cross-border and/or diverse teams and engagements.
Initiate and lead open conversations with teams, clients and stakeholders to build trust.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.

Job Requirements and Preferences :

Basic Qualifications :

Minimum Degree Required :
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience :
7 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications :

Degree Preferred :
Master Degree

Preferred Fields of Study :
Computer and Information Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Management, Management Information Systems, Information Technology, Financial Mathematics, Applied Physics, Data Processing/Analytics/Science

Preferred Knowledge/Skills :
Demonstrates intimate-level abilities and/or a proven record of success managing efforts with identifying and addressing client needs.
Demonstrates a proven record of success developing, validating or auditing models within the Financial Services sector, including; the banking industry, consulting, or government regulatory positions, in the following areas: securities and derivatives valuation and risk management, including retail and/or wholesale, market and credit risk models, mortgage prepayment models, and/or complex discounted cash flow models;
Specializes in econometric and analytical modeling, statistical and machine learning techniques for analyzing large sets of financial data, including: sampling, hypothesis testing, optimization; time series, regression, decision tree, and cluster analyses;
Displays techniques for visualizing complex financial data analyses;
Utilizes working knowledge of the regulatory guidance on model risk management, including model documentation and model validation report writing;
Demonstrates abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas: model development, testing, documentation, and validation tasks for pricing/valuation, risk, or capital models;
Specializes in advanced statistical and/or econometric modeling utilizing SAS or R software, Excel/VBA, SQL, Python and other programming languages and applications;
Displays ability to identify and address client needs, which includes: building relationships with clients, developing an awareness of Firm services, approaching client in an organized manner, and delivering clear requests for information;
Provides problem solving skills, communicates effectively in written and verbal formats to various audiences (including various levels of management and external clients) in a professional business environment;
Displays ability to research and analyze pertinent client, industry, and technical matters;
Demonstrates ability to contributes to a positive working environment by building relationships with team members; proactively seeking guidance, clarification and feedback;
Demonstrates ability to identify, escalate and communicate potential issues and conflicts; and,
Utilizes flexibility in handling multiple tasks by prioritizing and focusing on successful execution.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.",3.8,"PwC
3.8","Chicago, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1998,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
225,Data Analyst,-1,"Software powers the world, and LaunchDarkly empowers all teams to deliver and control the best software. We serve hundreds of billions of feature flags daily, to help teams ship better software, faster and eliminate risk for companies big and small.

We're based in downtown Oakland and growing quickly. You'll help us tackle some of the most challenging engineering problems around, like how can we deliver feature flags to hundreds of millions of users in milliseconds without breaking the bank.

About the role:
We are looking for an experienced Data Analyst to join our team at LaunchDarkly. We are growing rapidly, and need reliable and efficient answers for questions that are key to our future. You'll help develop the data, process and insights to power our next stage of growth.

We are searching for a talented Analyst to help us understand business critical data and leverage it across the entire organization. If you are data curious, excited about digging deeply into business data, and motivated by having an impact on the whole company, we want to hear from you.
Responsibilities:
Help create a data practice for the entire company.
Help ensure a data pipeline that is trustworthy and reliable.
Work with stakeholders around the business to understand their needs.
Help stakeholders ask good questions and get valuable insights.
Help answer the business' most pressing questions in repeatable, reliable ways.
Build tools and teach people how to find answers to their own questions
Qualifications:
2 or more years of experience in a hands-on Data Analytics role
Experience conducting data intensive analysis.
A visceral need to dive into data inconsistencies to pinpoint issues.
Product- and market-awareness to jump in and quickly understand LaunchDarkly's position and goals.
Expertise in SQL and proficiency in another data programming language (Python, R, etc.).
You may also know (bonus skills):
Experience in both enterprise and consumer environments.
LaunchDarkly is a Feature Management Platform that serves hundreds of billions of feature flags daily to help software teams build better software, faster. Feature flagging is an industry standard methodology of wrapping a new or risky section of code or infrastructure change with a flag. Each flag can easily be turned off independent of code deployment (aka ""dark launching""). LaunchDarkly has SDKs for all major web and mobile platforms. We are building a diverse team so that we can offer robust products and services. Our team culture is dynamic, friendly, and supportive. Our headquarters are in Oakland.

At LaunchDarkly, we believe in the power of teams. We're building a team that is humble, open, collaborative, respectful and kind. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

LaunchDarkly offers:
Full Medical, Dental & Vision insurance
Unlimited vacation
Flexible schedule & work environment
Conference & meetups as an opportunity for everyone
A yearly education stipend for conferences and classes on your own
A budget to personalize your work station",5.0,"LaunchDarkly
5.0","Oakland, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
226,Senior Data Analyst,"$71k-$129k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Us

Today's economy requires business owners to adapt quickly and think on their feet. ShopKeep's software-first commerce solutions make that possible.

Our cloud-based point of sale, payment processing, flexible hardware, and business-friendly financing let owners start, run, and grow their businesses in person and online. They can manage inventory, optimize staffing, streamline their operations, and market to their customers from one intuitive dashboard.

We understand what it's like to run a business, because we've been helping business owners succeed for over a decade, and we share their mindset. ShopKeep, after all, is also a small business, born to give our peers the tools they need to dream big, fight smart, and succeed on their own terms.

Today that mission is more relevant than ever, driven by team members around the world. ShopKeep is headquartered in New York City, with offices in Portland, Chicago, and Belfast. We're innovators, technologists, and customer advocates who are obsessed with helping independent businesses survive and thrive.

About This Role

As a Senior Data Analyst you'll help leverage our vast amounts of data to inform actionable insights and data-driven decisions. We're a start-up with a huge opportunity in front of us and we are looking for an awesome person to join the Data team. We want someone who embraces aggressive goals, works hard to achieve them, thrives in uncertainty and brings passion to their work.

What You Will Do
Build and maintain new data models to answer questions and provide visibility for various teams throughout the organization
Make a measurable contribution to our internal analytics platform
Automate manual processes in order to increase efficiency and provide more time for analysis
Partner with business users to help them make smarter decisions
Analyze data to understand key trends and drivers of performance
Develop and present actionable insights to help inform decision-making
What You Need
3 - 5 years of experience working with large amounts of data, including building, managing and working with databases (SQL, Redshift, etc) and using analytical tools (Looker, Tableau, etc).
Advanced SQL skills
Demonstrated problem solving skills
Strong attention to detail and able to effectively prioritize and manage multiple priorities
Ability to navigate ambiguity and a strong drive to succeed
Ability to learn quickly and thrive in a fast-paced changing environment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Benefits


We provide the essentials…
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance
Flexible Paid Time Off (PTO)
Commuter Benefits
401k Match
...and the fun-damentals:
Lively and enriching Engineering culture
Regularly scheduled hackathons, meetups and Tech Talks
Opportunity to attend Engineering Conferences, thanks to our generous company conference budget
Newsletters produced by Engineering teams
Cross-office collaboration between our NYC and Belfast teams with the opportunity to travel to our different offices
Regular team events, including Happy Hours and Game Nights
Catered lunches
Break area to play and relax
Standing desks
Meditation Sessions
And more to come as we work on ideas to help us keep the community feel connected while working remote
ShopKeep is an Equal Opportunity Employer

We are an Equal Opportunities Employer. We don't discriminate based on gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, nationality, or any other individual characteristics. We practice equality of opportunity in employment and select the best person for the job.",3.5,"ShopKeep
3.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
227,Data Analyst,"$38k-$65k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Snapshot
Location:

7500 East Columbia Street
Evansville, IN 47715
Job Type:

Retail
Date Posted:

9/16/2020
Job Description
Store number: Corporate Office
Shopping center: Evansville
Street address: 7500 E Columbia Street

Immediate opportunity! Join our Marketing team at our Corporate Headquarters in Evansville, Indiana and work directly for our stable, growing company in this full-time critical role. Due to the inability to provide sponsorships now or within the next three years, a U.S. Citizenship or Permanent Resident status is required.

Summary: The Data Analyst influences business decisions and strategies by analyzing and understanding customer behavior.

Primary Duties & Responsibilities:

Builds predictive models and performs descriptive analytics using statistical methods such as clustering and segmentation techniques, regression, and propensity modeling.
Provides ad-hoc reports and deep dives into customer analytics to help answer and guide strategic business decisions.
Analyzes Shoe Carnival customer data, demographics, segmentation, and market basket data to transform it into meaningful insights.
Ensures data integrity by leveraging proven methodologies, including data reconciliation, data integration, and data audits.
Translates complex analytics tasks into concise and easily consumable outputs (data storytelling and dashboards) to help business stakeholders make data driven decisions.
Designs and tests multivariate tests in collaboration with internal and external teams.
Provides multi-functional teams with data related to the performance of marketing channels, the health of the customer file, and the impact of pricing/promotions.

Requirements:

Ability to work independently and with cross-functional teams.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Strong communication and technical writing skills.
BA/BS degree in Business Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, or related analytical degree and/or experience required.
Familiarity with a variety of statistical models including logistic/linear regression, cluster analysis, propensity models, and other modeling techniques required.
Experience with Tableau and/or Alteryx preferred.

Total Rewards:

The Shoe Carnival, Inc. Total Rewards program offers eligible associates highly competitive benefits, including the following:

Competitive Pay
Paid Time Off (Vacation & Sick Time)
Comprehensive Medical, Dental, & Vision Benefits
Flexible Spending Accounts
Life, Disability, and Voluntary Benefits
Fitness Membership Discounts
Employee Assistance Program
401(k) Retirement Plan
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Employee & Family Discounts
Relocation Opportunities

Shoe Carnival, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",3.7,"Shoe Carnival Inc.
3.7","Evansville, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1978,Company - Public,"Department, Clothing, & Shoe Stores",Retail,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
228,Data Research Analyst,"$29k-$57k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Title: Data Research Analyst, Sustainalytics

Shift : General

Eligibility:

Only Finance Graduates Or Post Graduates can apply to this role.
MBA / MMS / / PGDM/ MCOM / BMS / BBA/ B&I / BCOM / A&F can apply.

Aadhar Card is mandatory for candidate registration at the time of attempting online test.

Immediate Joinees preferred.

Selection Process:

Eligible candidate will receive an email with the online test link and instructions. The candidate would be required to attempt the test as per the date and time mentioned in the email. The candidates selected in the test will undergo 3 virtual interview rounds. The online test and the interviews will happen in the month of September itself.

Date of Joining:

The expected date of joining is 5th October. We welcome candidates from diverse locations to apply since the onboarding will be virtual and selected candidates will be required to work from Morningstar office only once the Covid situation is under control.

Job Location: Vashi, Navi Mumbai

The Organization:

Sustainalytics, a Morningstar company, has been a leading independent provider of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) research for the last 25 years. Our insights are used by institutional investors globally to make better informed investment decisions, engage with companies in relation to their business activities and drive change.

The European Union recently published a taxonomy or list of 72 corporate activities that are considered ‘Green’, supporting the on-going transition towards a more sustainable economy. Within this context, the new EU taxonomy research team identifies and analyzes companies that are involved in these corporate activities or products, e.g. manufacturing of electric vehicles, renewable energy, water sanitation.

The Role:

The Research Analyst accurately and efficiently collects and enters data on companies’ involvement in one or more of the 72 business activities mentioned in the EU Taxonomy. The role is responsible for screening corporate regulatory filings and websites to collect key data points on companies’ products and operations as well as related revenues and for entering findings into a research database. You will adhere to the local team’s goals, policies and procedures and work in a focused manner to achieve the overall organization’s goals and objectives. You will be responsible for ensuring and improving the performance, productivity and efficiency of the team. You will effectively manage your performance and development in order to support our continuous operational success.

The ability to work in a fast-paced technical environment is critical. The ability to communicate clearly with stakeholders and to proactively identify and resolve issues is also essential in this role. The EU Taxonomy team will be part of the global Sustainalytics research department. The Research Analyst will report to the EU Taxonomy Team Lead, located in Mumbai, India.

Responsibilities:

· Screen corporate filings and websites to identify relevant involvement in one of the 72 business activities within the EU Taxonomy.

· Responsible for meeting EU Taxonomy research quality requirements for covered companies

· Quickly extract and enter relevant corporate information and revenue data in a research tool

· Collect data and draft standard analysis for corporate involvement in business activities like renewable energy and green transportation.

· Learn the methodology and processes quickly and be able to apply that knowledge consistently

· Understand and learn relevant financial and sustainability concepts and figures

· Interpret monthly individual performance metrics and seek to improve personal performance

· Identify and communicate areas for improvement across all areas including processes and tools

Required Qualifications:

· Graduate degree in related discipline (business, finance, environment and/or social science);

· 0-3 years of relevant work experience preferably in research environment, with focus on industry / company research / data;

· Good research, analytical and writing capabilities;

· Ability to read volumes of data and pick out relevant information

· Meticulous and attentive to detail;

· Ability to effectively communicate with local and international teams;

· Strong business English oral and writing skills

· Ability to work and adapt in a changing and innovative international environment;

· Affinity with data analysis

· Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Power BI, and PowerPoint",4.1,"Morningstar
4.1","Chicago, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1984,Company - Public,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
229,Sr. Data Quality Analyst,-1,"Abacus Insights is a mission-driven, start-up technology company that is focused on improving health outcomes, lowering the cost of healthcare, and delivering a more seamless healthcare experience. At our core, we are passionate about advancing healthcare and improving people's lives through technology.

Abacus Insights provides a flexible, efficient, and secure platform that organizes and exchanges data from various sources and formats, allowing healthcare companies to uncover differentiated insights that address their customers' needs. Our employees know that they play an active role in keeping our customers data safe and are responsible for ensuring that our comprehensive policies and practices are met.

With our deep expertise in cloud-enabled technologies and knowledge of the healthcare industry, we have built an innovative data integration and management platform that allows healthcare payers access to data that has been historically siloed and inaccessible. Through our platform, these health insurance payers can ingest and manage all the data they need to transform their business by supporting their analytical, operational, and financial needs.

Through this mission and passion to aid people and population health, we have built a highly successful SaaS business that is heavily funded (since our founding in 2017 we have over 53 million) by leading VC firms who have deep expertise in the healthcare and technology industries. At Abacus, we are solving problems of massive scale and complexity in an industry that is not only ripe for disruption but requires innovation. We see massive growth in our future and would love for you to be a part of it!

Description
At Abacus, we are custodians of data for our clients. This requires efficient processes to manage data implementations, data production, data quality and data security. The Data Analysis function provides insight into different aspects of the data operations function right from raw data files, to the quality of data in the deliverables.

Principal Responsibilities and Essential Duties:
Work collaboratively with Project Management, Operations, Development and Engineering to deliver all contractually required services. Investigates and responds to questions for assigned product lines.
Data Quality Provides data quality analysis and data mining on client-specific data and general healthcare data.
Reviews testing executed by multiple groups
Lead the development of data quality strategy
Assist the Connector Engineering/Tools team with new business requirements and help them with Functional Specifications.
Identify, document and refine standard processes
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in relevant field such as Health Science, Computer Science, Business, or equivalent experience.
5 years' experience with Data Quality in a Healthcare Tech Provider or a health pan.
Strong data manipulation skills.
Strong querying skills.
Strong knowledge of healthcare enrollment, medical claims, and drug claims data required. Additional knowledge of non-traditional data types (health & wellness, workforce productivity, and EMR) preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to multitask and prioritize projects to meet scheduled deadlines.
Strong interpersonal skills required.
Ability to work well independently or in a team environment, and mentor other team members.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
As a mission-led technology company that is helping to drive better healthcare outcomes, Abacus Insights believes that the best innovation and value we can bring to our customers comes from diverse ideas, thoughts, experiences, and perspectives. We are dedicated to building diverse teams, and as such provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment. As well as prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.",5.0,"Abacus Insights
5.0","Boston, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
230,Data Analyst- Tiktok Ads,-1,"Responsibilities
TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. Our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok has global offices including Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Mumbai, Singapore, Jakarta, Seoul and Tokyo.
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with our ads products
Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities
Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions
Build/maintain reports, dashboards, and metrics to monitor the performance of our products
Mine massive amounts of data and extract useful product insights
Manage development of data resources, gather requirements, organize sources, and support product launches
Qualifications
2-5 years experience doing quantitative analysis
BA/BS in Math, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or other quantitative field. Advanced degrees preferred but not required
Fluency in SQL or other programming languages. Some development experience in at least one scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)
Experience with large data sets and distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop) a plus
Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance
The ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner
Basic understanding of statistical analysis
TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We believe individuals shouldn't be disadvantaged because of their background or identity, but instead should be considered based on their strengths and experience. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.",4.1,"TikTok
4.1","Mountain View, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
231,Data Analyst,"$30k-$54k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Warren Averett Staffing and Recruiting is seeking a Public Sector Data Consultant for a national organization!! We have an audit readiness/business process improvement contract with one of the largest Commands on Redstone arsenal They are growing a team in Huntsville, AL, during the COVID pandemic. This position is based out of Huntsville, Alabama.
Qualifications*
• Three (3) or more years of experience working financial management systems and leading data analytics support functions, required
• Two (2) or more years of experience supporting DoD clients, required
• Experience with SAP-based ERP platforms, preferred
• Experience with DoD financial statement audit, internal control testing or analysis, and coordinating with external, auditors, preferred
• Bachelor’s degree, required; Business Administration, Accounting, Finance, Management Information Systems, preferred
• License/Certifications: Active DoD SECRET Clearance, required
• Language: Proficiency in one or more foreign languages, preferred

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per hour

Benefits:
Health insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Security Clearance Required:
Secret (Required)",3.7,"Warren Averett Staffing & Recruiting
3.7","Huntsville, AL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1972,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
232,Data Analyst,"$38k-$67k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ExactCare helps people with chronic conditions and multiple medications overcome daily challenges to living healthier at home. Our solutions include at-home clinical pharmacy support and an easier, safer way to manage medications.

Job Details:

The Data Analyst, an essential part of the Analytics Center reporting directly to the Vice President of Analytics, is responsible for designing and developing ad-hoc analyses and time-sensitive reports to support the needs of the business, including the Sales, Finance, Operations, Compliance, and Marketing Centers of Excellence.

The Data Analyst works closely with business stakeholders and other team members to deliver insightful analysis and critical operational reporting. Gathers requirements, seeks to understand business need, value, and timing. Develops timely solutions that enable the business to take action. Solution development may be tool independent, however common technologies and tools used in this role include SQL & Python (for data manipulation, transformation, and automation), as well as Microsoft Power BI, SSRS, Excel with Power Query & PowerPivot.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities:

Work closely with the Sales, Finance, Operations, Compliance, and Marketing Centers to understand the information needed in order to solve business problems
Map and trace data from system to system to solve a given business or system problem. Document the types and structure of the business data (logical modeling)
Design and create data reports and reporting tools to help partners across the enterprise in their decision making
Write, audit and execute basic to complex levels of SQL or python code
Perform statistical, modeling and data analyses of business data; interpret those data and analyses; and prepare insights for presentation
Deliver timely, data-driven insights that produce actionable business outcomes
Communicate complex analyses and insights to stakeholders and business leaders both verbally and in writing

Requirements:

Bachelors in Computer Science (or related field) with 2+ years of data analysis experience, or 4+ years of experience in data analysis in lieu of the educational requirement
Strong working knowledge of creating and maintaining SQL queries with the ability to automate, extract, and analyze data from relational databases
Ability to programmatically work with data in a variety of formats (JSON, XML, SQL, HTML, Text, etc.)
Proficient with Python – ability to retrieve data via API, web-scraping, flat-file load, and database connection; ability to work with pandas; strong understanding of program control flow; strong experience with producing business-friendly outputs
Advanced Excel skills including (v-look-up, pivot tables, charts, graphing, and macros)
High level of intellectual curiosity with strong desire to deepen knowledge

Preferred Qualifications:

Pharmacy and Healthcare services industry experience preferred
Working knowledge of the following areas is an added advantage
Microsoft Power BI & SSRS
Microsoft Azure ecosystem
Agile development/management methodology
Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery
GitHub and/or Azure DevOps
Salesforce CRM data experience

ExactCare provides equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status, or other legally protected classification in the state in which a person is seeking employment. Applicants encouraged to confidentially self-identify when applying. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Drug-free work environment. Must be eligible to work in this country.",3.4,"ExactCare Pharmacy
3.4","Cleveland, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
233,Data Science Support Analyst (Journeyman),"$89k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description BAE Systems is seeking to hire multiple Journeyman Data Science Support Analysts to help support counterterrorism intelligence integration on a multifaceted U.S. Government program. The Journeyman Data Science Support Analyst will leverage numerous analytic tools and databases to evaluate information that bolsters the U.S. Governments response to and prevention of potential threats to the homeland and interests abroad.

The Journeyman Data Science Support Analyst is responsible for constructing scripts and configuring controls to support analysts performing repeatable complex database queries in multiple databases. This role is responsible for creating automated-scripting to assist analysts with data discovery. Responsibilities include working independently and collaboratively to identify and implement solutions.
Required Skills and Education
Degree : BA/BS in a technical field such as mathematics, engineering, or computer science (6 years of work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor's degree)
Experience supporting complex data science and analytic projects
Experience/knowledge of computer science concepts including programming, statistics, data architecture, and data analytics
Experience with quantitative and qualitative content analytics
Excellent reading comprehension skills
Detail-oriented with a proficiency for researching, analyzing, and prioritizing intelligence reports and cables
Ability to work with IC tools and databases
Strong problem-solving, analytic, and written and oral communication skills
Excellent attention to detail and ability to accurately follow SOPs
Ability to work shift work/extended hours
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well both independently and in a team environment
Preferred Skills and Education
Demonstrated knowledge of intelligence analysis and experience with synthesizing large amounts of data
Familiarity with analytic tools; experience with constructing and performing complex database search queries across multiple databases
Proficiency with software applications/databases used in support of research and analysis for the U.S. Government
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we dofrom intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. Thats BAE Systems. Thats Inspired Work. Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Gender Expression. To see Inspired Work in action, visit www.baesystems.com and follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/baesystemsintel.",3.7,"BAE Systems USA
3.7","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
234,PMC: Senior Data Analyst,-1,"PMC: Senior Data Analyst

COVID-19 HIRING UPDATE: We have transitioned to a remote work model and are continuing to hire during this time. This role is expected to begin as a remote position. We appreciate this is unprecedented times and will work closely with you, taking into account your individual circumstances.

PMC is seeking a Senior Data Analyst who will turn data into information, information into insight, and insight into business decisions. This role will support the subscription strategy team and work heavily with paywall and engagement tactics to drive revenue growth. This position can be based in our West LA headquarters or can be remote in the following states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Delaware, Idaho, Illinois, Maine, Massachusetts, Nevada, Oregon, New York, Texas.

Responsibilities
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing visualization and reporting;
Develop and implement data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality;
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems;
Process confidential data and information according to guidelines;
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets;
Filter and clean data to ensure accurate analysis;
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs;
Training end users on new reports and dashboards;
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.
Requirements
Work experience as a senior data analyst or in a related field;
Technical expertise regarding data models, data mining and segmentation techniques;
Experience in handling large data sets and relational databases;
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, SQL databases, programming (python, XML, JavaScript);
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, R or SPSS);
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy;
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings;
Visualization expertise (Looker/Tableau/PowerBI/etc);
Ability to translate business requirements into non-technical, lay terms. High-level written and verbal communication skills. Comfortable presenting analysis.
BS/MS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics a plus.
About PMC:


Penske Media Corporation (PMC) is a leading digital media and information services company whose award-winning content attracts a monthly audience of more than 180 million and empowers more than 1 million global CEOs and business thought-leaders in markets that impact the world. Our dynamic events, data services, and rich content entertain and educate todays fashion, retail, beauty, entertainment and lifestyle sectors. Headquartered in New York and Los Angeles with additional offices in 11 countries worldwide, Penske Media is the way global influencers are informed, connected, and inspired. To learn more about PMC and its iconic brands, visit www.pmc.com.",4.3,"Penske Media Corporation
4.3",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
235,"Senior Data Analyst, Customer Operations","$85k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We’re looking for a Senior Data Analyst who has a love of mentorship, data visualization, and generating actionable insights from raw data. You will join the Insights & Analytics team, a team tasked with developing insights and reporting to support our customers and advisors’ needs. This team sits within the Customer Operations team, but is also connected to the Product organization.

The majority of your work will be with Customer Operations stakeholders to set Indicators and evaluate the effectiveness of current strategies and workflows. You’ll be an organizational influencer—generating insights with a good degree of autonomy. You will be involved in many aspects of data operations, from data auditing to building dashboards and analytical insights. In addition to reporting and dashboarding, you will analyze the customer journey on our Help Center page and analyze text-based interactions with our advisors and chatbot to improve care quality. You will be a mentor to all other members of the analytics team, which demands that you excel in a culture of teaching and learning.

You will report to the Manager of the Insights & Analytics team, Customer Operations in Squarespace’s New York offices.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop KPIs, reports, and dashboards using BI/data visualization tools
Perform and communicate impactful analyses, using SQL and R/Python to improve the customer experience and influence Customer Operations and Product roadmap
Raise the skill level of the analytics team through reviewing code, organizing training sessions, acting as a mentor, and introducing methods and tools
Help design experiments and pilots, setting clear hypotheses and success metrics, and using the right statistical methods for analyses
Work with Customer Operations and Product partners.
Partner with the Data Engineering team in pursuit of better data modeling and data quality
QUALIFICATIONS
4 or more years of experience as a data analyst, data scientist, or in a relevant field in which you have worked with large datasets to transform data to meaningful insights
Mastery of SQL, and experience with R/Python
Experience with dashboarding/BI tools like Chartio, Looker, Tableau
Experience with data cleaning, analysis, and presentation to non-technical partners
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative or logic-driven discipline
Deep love of mentorship and generating insights
Preferred: Advanced degree (Master’s or PhD) in quantitative field
Preferred: Experience with topic modeling, text analytics/natural language processing
About Squarespace

Squarespace makes beautiful products to help people with creative ideas succeed. By blending elegant design and sophisticated engineering, we empower millions of people — from individuals and local artists to entrepreneurs shaping the world’s most iconic businesses — to share their stories with the world. Squarespace’s team of more than 1,000 is headquartered in downtown New York City, with offices in Dublin and Portland. For more information, visit www.squarespace.com/about.

Benefits & Perks
Health insurance with 100% premium covered for you and your dependent children
Flexible vacation & paid time off
Up to 20 weeks of paid family leave
Equity plan for all employees
Retirement benefits with employer match
Fertility and adoption benefits
Free lunch and snacks at all offices
Education reimbursement
Dog-friendly workplace in New York office
Commuter benefit in the form of reduced tax (Ireland) and pretax (US)
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customer base, but we also strive for the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.3,"Squarespace
3.3","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
236,"Enterprise Data, Financial Data Analyst - Content Design Specialist Contractor","$58k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We're Bloomberg Enterprise Data - fast paced, innovative and expanding. We have worked hard and smart to become the $1bn business we are today. We partner closely with our clients, taking time to understand their unique businesses and individual data and technology needs. Our endless selection of datasets, covering all asset types, with multiple delivery technologies and flexible scheduling mean our clients are able to get exactly the data they need, when they need it, in the format they prefer. Without us, they simply can't operate.

What's the role?
In this role you will be working with the Bloomberg Enterprise Data Product Management Team specifically on Reference, Regulatory, Alternative and Pricing Data. We are constantly improving our products, to make them more feature rich and application ready, whilst reducing the total cost of ownership. Product Managers have a high level of business, communication, and technology skills, so that they can create working prototypes, specify Engineering tasks, and work effectively with Sales and Clients.

You will design, specify, and create prototypes of large and varied data models and data sets, both financial and non-financial, using a wide range of tools, methods and platforms.
We expect you to evaluate areas of interest, understand what is possible and commercially viable, recognize which models and concepts should be applied, and how the data resources should be acquired. An open, creative approach is critical to your success.

Whilst designing data for diverse addressable markets, you will explore and work with a wide range of data, and apply existing methods or develop new methods. You will also engage in data analysis in a practical way, convince business leaders that your results are worth investing in and educate other analysts and business team members.

Most critically, you will deliver the output of your data design to business users (both non-technical and technical) and will be a key person in shaping the product offering and the customer experience.

We'll trust you to

Operate in an influential business role within a fast growing area.
Design and specify commercially attractive products.
Grow your business and technology skills.
Understand addressable markets.
Evaluate what is possible and viable.
Take responsibility for the Data Architecture of multiple data sets.
Work with Engineering, Product Managers, Sales, and Clients.
You'll need to have:
Experience with financial data
Familiar with specifying and using large structured data and data sets to solve complex business demands
Experience in working with Global Teams, across Sales, Technology, Operations and customers
The ability to address multiple priorities in an extremely fast-paced environment.
Legal authorization to work full-time in the United States and will not require visa sponsorship now or in the future
If this sounds like you:Apply if you think we're a good match! We'll get in touch to let you know what the next steps are, but in the meantime feel free to have a look at this:https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/data-and-content We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.9,"Bloomberg
3.9","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1981,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
237,(TX) Data Analyst,-1,"A-V Services Inc., a leading AV company with multiple fortune 100 contracts within the financial, pharmaceutical and computing industry, seeks a Data Analyst. Must have great customer service with emphasis supporting the corporate work sector.
Responsibilities: *
· 5+ years of experience using Business Intelligence reporting tools like Tableau, QlikView, Power BI, Einstein Analytics, Looker for the creation and automation of Enterprise Scale dashboards.

· 5+ years of experience writing advanced SQL, performance tuning of BI queries, data modeling, and data mining, data wrangling from multiple sources (SQL, ETL, data warehousing).

· Strong visualization design and development experience with Tableau and/or other Business Intelligence tools.

· Possess a strong foundation in data analytics, an understanding and foundation in data science.

· Basic scripting skills (python, R, etc.,) will be great to have.

· Expert in Microsoft Office-Excell, PowerPoint.
Development of global event support processes*
· Event Management Software data entry

· Standardizing support processes globally

· Outlining and documenting process operations
Maintenance of global processes*
· Continued communication with global AV and event support teams

· Oversight of regional processes to align them with global standards

· Reviewing EMS data entry for process drift

· Providing point of contact for regional team questions and concern
Documentation*
· Maintaining process documentation library

· Providing support metrics data

· Supporting risk initiatives and RFI
Qlikview metrics dashboard*
· Review and upkeep of dashboard functionality

· Developing new visualizations

Full Time Position has benefits include employee stock ownership plan (ESOP), competitive and comprehensive health insurance, dental program and 401k plan, full paid vacations and paid holidays.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
Microsoft Office-Excell, PowerPoint : 3 years (Preferred)
Tableau, QlikView : 3 years (Preferred)
Event Management Software: 3 years (Preferred)
Location:
Plano, TX (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
avservices.net
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.7,"A-V Services Inc.
3.7","Plano, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1960,Company - Private,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
238,Market Data Analyst Team Lead,"$39k-$72k
(Glassdoor Est.)","[Job purpose]

KT&G USA is headquartered in Plano, Texas. We currently ship our products to 45+ States through 550+ distributor partners and are ranked as the 5th largest tobacco manufacturer in the U.S.A. We stand behind our products, value our people and strive to offer all our customers and business partners, best in class service.

[Duties and responsibilities]

The Lead of Market Data Analysis Team will work within the Marketing department at KT&G USA headquarters in Plano, TX. Reporting directly to the Marketing director. The position will focus on managing all sorts of sales and marketing-related data and generate reports in a timely manner from a variety of data sources such as MSAi, GW-MIS, Salesforce, Maps & Track and so on.

We are currently seeking a talented Market Data Analysis Team Lead to support our organization with data analyzing function.

The function includes business intelligence and operational reporting and analytics solutions that drive achievement of business goals, process improvement and control initiatives. The candidate must have a strategic thought process in leading development of business intelligence and data solutions to solve complex business problems. An ideal candidate would also have progressive advancement in leadership and proven track record of data-related projects that have resulted in improved performance, controls, and profitability.

This position will serve as a primary contact for the various lines of business for the workflow management and document retention system managed by Information Technology.

Analyze complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to analysts and decision makers.
Identify and interpret trends and patterns in datasets to locate influences
Create specifications for reports and analysis based on business needs and required or available data elements
Conduct evaluations, designs systems and procedures, conduct work simplifications and measurement studies, and prepare operations and procedures manuals to assist management in operating more efficiently and effectively
Participate in consultation to users and in cross functional teams to address business issue
Prototype solutions for displaying information based on business needs
Utilize an intermediate understanding of multiple data structures and sources to lead the development and implementation of business intelligence solutions, which may include data visualization, data transformation, or data collection.
Apply data visualization best practices - often selecting the right data tool for the job - to identify and interpret trends or patterns while following standard Enterprise branding
Understand what data says to be able to draw conclusions from it will be reporting on statistics and metrics
Maintain and change business processes and understands the business processes of assigned partners and how they relate to our functional areas
Develop and recommend changes to business processes.
Build, develop, and maintain data models, reporting systems, data automation systems, dashboards and performance metrics support that support key business decisions.
Ensure accuracy of data and deliverables of reporting employees with comprehensive policies and processes.
Lead cross-functional projects using advanced data modeling and analysis techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities.
Work with executives and other business leaders to identify opportunities for improvement.
Create reports for internal team and other departments and/or external requests.
Use graphs, tables, and other methods to visualize data and/or information.
Structure large data sets to find usable information.
Create presentations and reports based on facts, recommendations, and findings.
Prepare for training or explanation materials for employees, users of data, executives or related persons.
Collect business data and sales information from various internal sources, analyze them regularly or occasionally at the request of the management or related departments in a timely manner.
Oversee the design and delivery of reports and insights that analyze business functions and key operations and performance metrics.
Manage and optimize processes for data intake, validation, mining, and engineering as well as modeling, visualization, and communication deliverables.
Oversee the data/report requests process: tracking requests submitted, prioritization, approval, etc.
Keep safely all the business data, information, reports, and files in accordance with internal policies or instructions.
Manage confidentiality of all the data and control security access to data by setting up data access level according to internal hierarchy.
Develop and implements quality controls and departmental standards to ensure quality standards, organizational expectations, and regulatory requirements.
Be responsible for team projects, leads the team, support subordinates, evaluates team staff’s performance.
Anticipate future demands of initiatives related to people, technology, budget and business within your department and design/implement solutions to meet these needs.
Examine, interpret, and report results of analytical initiatives to stakeholders in leadership, technology, sales, marketing, and related teams.
Organize and drive successful completion of data insight initiatives through effective management of analyst and data employees and effective collaboration with stakeholders.
Recruit, train, develop, and supervise analyst-level employees.
Establish KPIs to measure the effectiveness of business decisions.
Collaborate with team and other colleagues of other departments, works with other staff to process information.
Design and build technical processes to address business issues.
Communicate results and business impacts of insight initiatives to stakeholders within and outside of the company.
Communicate clearly with user of data in the company.
Other Duties as assigned

[Sales Strategy & Planning management]

Sales goal setting (annual, semi-annual, quarterly, monthly) and monitor progress
Monitor wholesaler's PSI trend, suggest appropriate strategy/promotion idea
Forecast competitor price increase
Merge internal and external data (MIS, MSAi, ArcGIS) find opportunity and risk
Market Intelligence & Data Project management
Implement and manage all sorts of data projects (T.I.S.R. etc.)
Analyze industry trends, market segments and total available market
Evaluate market opportunity and penetration
Monitor the competition (marketing share/price/channel coverage etc.)
Create potential wholesaler list through market sources (Nielson, Retail, existing W/S, regional union etc.)
Wholesaler inventory status analysis
Retail List update/distributing
Monitor Periodic Price Increase factors (tax increase/international currency/distribution margin etc.) & utilize local resource (Legal Firm, Consulting Firm) if necessary
Collect competitor's promotion & activity (Competitor status analysis)
Establish price research plan

[Sales Analysis]

Develop and maintain daily, weekly, monthly, and ad hoc reporting tools.
New Wholesalers update and oversee repeat order
Analysis promotion effectiveness and seasonality
Demand planning based on sales forecast

[Qualifications]

Highly detail oriented
Able to interpret the data generated and present the findings in a concise manner.
Expert in MS Office, particularly must be proficient in Excel, VBA/macros, Power Point
Prior experience using Sales Force or other CRM platforms
Previous experience in a marketing-related role or job position
Experience developing business deliverables that leverage business intelligence platforms, data management platforms, or SQL-based languages
Demonstrated ability to embed intuitive story telling within business intelligence solutions.
Demonstrated advanced communication skills with the ability to deliver presentations to all levels of management.
Needs to be able to show critical thinking
Fast learning capacity and ability to work in a fast-paced development environment
Experience identifying and implementing innovative approaches to address business problems and solutions.
Well understood for KT&G USA sales strategy, especially marketing promotion system
Self-motivated with ability to work with minimal direction to prioritize and execute tasks.
Ability to sit for extended periods of time in front of a computer screen
Salesforce Admin experience preferred.

Education

Bachelor’s degree (preferred) or equivalent experience

Benefits

Enjoy a competitive salary commensurate with the experience and responsibility requirements. Excellent employee environment with a competitive benefits package including:

Annual Merit Increase
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid Time Off",2.5,"KT&G USA Corporation
2.5","Plano, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
239,Data Exploitation Analyst,"$50k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Job Description:

We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Exploitation Analyst to support a client’s requirements in a challenging, dynamic setting located in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The position is for the Pathfinder contract. The Data Exploitation Analyst will be responsible for improving the completeness of data in TIDE by using a variety of methodological tools and approaches to enrich terrorist identity information, including social media networking. The Analyst will require to complying with customer policies and strategies. The Analyst will use techniques, procedures, and mechanisms to reveal the true identity of individuals, personas, or groups by analyzing and exploiting data related to sets of specific identity attributes to build a comprehensive terrorist identity record.

Requirements:

• 4 to 10 years of experience is required

BA/BS degree is required. However, 6 years of work experience may be substituted

for a Bachelor's degree

Knowledge of IC mission, organizations, policies, procedures, and requirements

• Experience in IC related data science research and analysis

• Experience with data science analytic tools including data correlation technologies

• Experience with all-source intelligence sources

• TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Intelligence

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company’s 38,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Va., Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $11.09 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2020. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
240,Data Analyst - Client Success,"$55k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst (Client Success)*
Are you looking to contribute your skill in data analysis to optimize business outcomes for a top performing account management team at a growing, successful company in an exciting, technology-driven industry?

Welcome to ALOM. We are an award-winning global supply chain leader that develops and implements highly optimized product delivery strategies for our customers representing leading brands in the automotive, energy, technology, and medical industries. Every minute of every day ALOM staff and systems affect manufacturing, eCommerce, fulfillment, and logistics operations all over the world. Sound exciting? It is!

See your career grow in an environment where innovative problem solving and professional development are encouraged and the company culture is based upon respect for diversity and operational excellence.

We are currently onboarding new customer programs and hiring to fill a Data Analyst position supporting our Client Success team at our Fremont, CA headquarters.
POSITION OVERVIEW*
The Data Analyst fills a critical life-cycle data generation and business optimization function within our Client Success team. You will support client requirements including data collection, reporting, modeling, research and data analysis to identify useful trends and provide relevant information that will facilitate informed decisions and improve business processes. We are looking for a solution-oriented data analyst with 5 years of job experience and a Bachelor’s degree in information management, computer science or mathematical statistics. We require a candidate that is an effective communicator and organized multi-tasker who can work effectively in both a team oriented environment, and independently in a fast-paced and changing environment. Of course you will be a master of Microsoft Excel including the ability to write macros and do pivot tables. You must also be proficient in Microsoft Office tools, MRP and ERP system operation, and think objectively when interpreting raw data or challenged to identify patterns and project outcomes.

This position is an excellent opportunity to work with a high-performing, world-class team. You will experience the thrill and satisfaction of seeing your research and data analysis in action and positively affecting supply chain operations for many of the world’s leading brands.

Does this sound like the opportunity and challenge you have been looking for to advance your career? If so, we would like to hear from you.

Reports to: Director of Client Success

Key Responsibilities and Job Duties

· Examine and evaluate existing business practices, systems and data, to offer suggestions aimed at creating efficiencies and streamlining operations

· Compile Excel spreadsheets with data, macros, formulas and create visualizations, including dashboards, flowcharts, graphs and reports

· Conduct research into data anomalies or other relevant information related to individual queries or systemic issues

· Apply predictive analysis and tools to forecast and employ business analytics (including an enhanced ability to quantify and qualify data)

· Present findings and relay business concepts clearly via reports, presentations, and verbal communication to colleagues

· Create and design specifications as requested by account management

· Be highly organized and dedicated to quality, safety, and customer satisfaction

ALOM offers competitive salaries and benefits including; medical, dental, vision, life insurance, long term disability, flexible spending, employer HSA contribution, 401(k) with match, vacation, sick leave and PTO. Bottom line; ALOM is a great place to work! If you want to be a part of a growing, firmly established, and success-driven company that values and invests in the development of its staff we encourage you to submit your resume. ALOM was selected as one of The Bay Area News Group's Top 100 Workplaces for the past seven years.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Analysis: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
alom.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",3.9,"ALOM Technologies
3.9","Fremont, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
241,Data Analyst,"$40k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Description

What does a great Data Analyst do?

The data team is looking for a data analyst who is interested in leading the effort to promote a data-driven culture at Clover. We are looking for a problem solver who has strategically built data visualization tools and conducted in-depth analyses for an executive audience. Are you a strong self-starter who can build and lead new projects from scratch with minimal guidance, oversight, or resources? We are looking for a collaborative, team player who thrives in a fast-paced environment with quickly changing, ambiguous requirements. If you are passionate about systematically finding creative approaches to most effectively bridge the gap between data and decision makers, we want to hear from you!

In this role, you can expect to:
Serve as a bridge between decision-makers and the data needed to deliver measurable insights
Work with product, engineering, and operational teams to proactively gather requirements, develop metrics, instrument features, and deploy monitoring tools to measure product performance
Design, develop, own, and maintain ETL/ELT data flows across a constellation of data sources and systems
Use Python libraries (matplotib, seaborn) and business intelligence tools (Tableau, Sigma) to create data visualizations that enable teams to make data-driven decisions quickly and easily
Conduct in-depth analyses using statistical techniques to uncover insights into the factors that drive product performance
Lead efforts to improve data literacy and fluency within the company by contributing to data warehouse development, documentation, and training teams to become self-sufficient in data exploration and analysis
Basic qualifications for consideration:
Experience providing analytical services to executive-level partners of varying technical backgrounds
Hands-on experience building and iterating on self-serve, data visualization tools
Experience in data collection, transformation, and storage from various sources including relational databases, APIs, logs, and unstructured files
Experience in Python (or at least one scripting language) and SQL
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree in a quantitative field: Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Information Systems, Engineering, Economics, or Social Sciences.
Experience implementing one or more or of the following techniques: A/B testing, regression analysis, non-parametric models, time series analysis, experimental design, survival analysis, clustering, natural language processing, or neural networks
Industry experience developing cloud-based data warehouse solutions
Experience with technologies such as Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes, and Spark
About us:

Join the Fintech and SaaS revolution that is helping small businesses grow faster and get the technology and insights previously available only to the big guys. At Clover, you will be part of an entrepreneurial team working in a fast-paced and high growth environment, with the benefits of a parent company, First Data, that is the largest payments processor and merchant acquirer worldwide.

Clover delivers the leading Point of Sale system with an elegant end-to-end solution that incorporates beautiful devices, cloud-based POS software, payments processing, platform APIs for third-party developers, and an ecosystem with over 220 apps. The Clover platform delivers solutions in a scalable and modular fashion that powers tiny merchants through large football stadiums, supporting millions of transactions daily.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Learn more about Fiserv:

To support the total well-being of our associates, Fiserv takes a broad approach to our benefits. We offer a comprehensive benefits package that provides flexibility and affordability with a variety of medical, dental, vision, life insurance and disability options.

We are #FISVProud of our benefits and well-being programs. Our commitment to wellness, wellness education, preventive services and fitness activities are designed to meet you where you are.

Life moves fast. And as it does, we know most people arent thinking about financial services. But we are.

We help people and businesses move money and information every minute of every day. Our solutions connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants and consumers to one another, millions of times a day, behind the scenes, reliably and securely.

Were Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments enabling innovative financial services experiences that are in step with the way people live and work today. The companys approximately 44,000 associates proudly serve clients in more than 100 countries, so their customers, members and consumers can move money when and where they need it, at the point of thought.

Our Aspiration is to move money and information in a way that moves the world. As a FORTUNE 500 company and one of FORTUNE Magazine Worlds Most Admired Companies for the seventh consecutive year, we are committed to excellence and purposeful innovation.

We welcome and encourage diversity in our workforce. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran

Explore the possibilities of a career with Fiserv and Find Your Forward with us.

Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Visit http://www.careers.fiserv.com/eeo for more information.",3.2,"Fiserv
3.2","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,10000+ Employees,1984,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
242,Senior Data Systems Analyst,"$63k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ROLE SUMMARY

The primary function of the High throughput Clinical Immunoassays and Diagnostics (HCID) team is to generate high-quality assay data in a regulated cGLP laboratory setting to support Pfizer’s vaccine programs. The purpose of this position is join the High throughput Business Analytics team to contribute to a harmonized process across HCID functional areas in the development of written end-user requirements for data systems used in various laboratory processes, and testing of systems prior to validation and deployment in the Production environment.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Assist in the Development of Laboratory Data Systems
Contribute to a consistent, harmonized process across HCID functional areas for the development of end-user requirements for various internal data systems used in the regulated cGLP laboratory space.
Develop end-user requirements for data system builds requested by HCID functional area managers as well as for functional enhancements to existing builds.
Assist and perform end-user testing of various data system builds against end-user requirements to ensure that these systems function as intended by the end user.
Collaborate with Pfizer IT organizations on data system projects according to VRD priorities.
Attend regular meetings with HCID functional area leaders to review and monitor various data system projects.
Documentation Support
Write and review end-user requirements documents for various data system builds used in HCID per the current good documentation practices.
Review and approve various standard operating procedures (SOPs), as assigned.
Maintain compliance with SOP periodic review process.
Monitor the SOP review and approval workflows for authored SOPs.
Author, review and approve technical reports, as assigned.
Training and Safety
Maintain strict compliance with departmental and site safety regulations.
Take ownership of and successfully complete all assigned training.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
MS/MA in a science-related discipline such as computer science / mathematics or biological science with 0+ years of hands-on industry experience with the development and testing of electronic data systems. Or BS/BA with at least 2 years of industry experience.
Must have strong verbal and written communication skills.
Must be detail oriented
Must have a be able to effectively describe complex laboratory and data-handling processes verbally and in writing in a way that is logical and can be understood by both data system specialists and laboratory personnel.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Working knowledge of laboratory information management systems and a basic understanding / familiarity with SQL and computer programming.
Direct hands-on experience with LabWare LIMS is desired.
1+ years’ experience as a Business Analyst in a corporate environment
Must be able to describe laboratory processes in the form of flow charts and testable, line-item requirements.
Proficient in Microsoft Office 365 applications and MS Visio
Strong attention to detail and commitment to operational excellence.
Basic working knowledge of laboratory assays that measure antibodies and other macromolecules in various biological fluids.
Ability to collaborate and work in a team environment
Direct hands-on experience working in a regulated (cGLP) environment.
The ability to understand, develop and effectively describe complex laboratory and data-handling processes both verbally and in writing is required.
Must be attentive to details and have a passion for data quality.
Occasional evening and weekend work and some business travel is required.

#LI-PFE

Other Job Details:

· Location: Pearl River, NY

· Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus
Sunshine Act

Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
EEO & Employment Eligibility

Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
Information & Business Tech",4.1,"Pfizer
4.1","Pearl River, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1849,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
243,Data Analyst/Report Developer,-1,"Orgel Wealth Management, an independent SEC-registered investment advisor, strives to create a different kind of investment advisory practice: one based on academics, ethics, integrity, and transparency – one where our clients’ stories come to life. We are seeking a professional who would enjoy working in the prospering and innovative environment within our growing organization.
POSITION SUMMARY*
The Data Analyst/Report Developer must be a detail-oriented individual who is committed to future innovation and who seeks out, develops, and helps implement strategic initiatives designed to improve efficiency and productivity. The Entry Level position will be responsible for maintaining and making changes to existing reports and assist in the creation of new reports. Must have experience building SQL queries and be an independent worker. The individual in this position will understand our technological capabilities, business objectives, and firm operations to be able to identify cost-effective solutions and strategies to improve business efficiency and to help our business achieve strategic goals. This individual will analyze data to troubleshoot and problem solve for data anomalies and errors.
PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES*
Understand SQL table structures and modeling techniques
Understanding of how to analyze and validate data
Program and develop SQL scripts, tables, views, stored procedures, functions, triggers, constraints, etc.
Uses SSIS (Integration Services) to move data into databases from various sources, may do data cleansing and transformations as needed.
Basic knowledge of SSMS/SSRS
Understand current business practices and systems and design modifications to improve practices and systems.
ADDITIONAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES*
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with employees
Proven ability to work with data in a confidential manner.
Follow written and verbal instructions.
Communicate verbally and in writing.
Work on multiple projects concurrently with accuracy, and within time and budget constraints.
Quickly learn technology and understand unique system requirements.
Maintain a high level of confidentiality with respect to client, management, and firm information.
Function independently and fulfill responsibilities in accordance with firm procedures.
As required, perform other duties that contribute to the overall effectiveness of the position as well as the firm as a whole.
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED*
Associate’s degree or equivalent experience required. BA/BS in Computer Science or Information Systems preferred.
Have a minimum of one (1) year of SQL Developer experience. The ideal candidate would be a SQL syntax/SQL Server or Oracle developer.
Applicants must be comfortable with C#/.NET.
Experience with SQL Server queries, stored procedures, etc.
Educational experience in database software/web applications.
Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday",5.0,"Orgel Wealth Management, LLC
5.0","Altoona, WI",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Private Practice / Firm,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
244,Data Governance Analyst 1 - Contract,"$41k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Posting Dates: 09/16/2020 - No Closing Date

Job Family: Information Technology

Department: Information and Communication Services Department

PURPOSES

This is a contract position that facilitates the flow of data throughout the organization by gathering and presenting requirements for data sharing requests to those in authority to approve the requests. This position requires someone with the ability to effectively communicate with both IT and non-IT partners. Keeps pace with data governance trends.

This individual works with divine guidance to provide or support technology that furthers the mission of the Church and reflects the eternal impact of the gospel.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Interviews system owners to understand the flow of data between systems

Documents the flow of data between systems

Presents and explains requests for data to approvers who are normally outside of the IT organization

Fosters understanding between teams and departments

QUALIFICATIONS

Education:

Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent professional experience

Work Experience:

6+ years of relevant professional experience

Demonstrated Skills & Abilities:

Working knowledge and application of these competencies and expert in at least two:

Business Analysis

Enterprise Analysis

Requirements Elicitation/Analysis

Requirements Management

Proficient in requirements elicitation and requirements-driven process and best practice

Proficient experience and understanding of technical and operational application functionality

Broad business acumen with transferrable skill sets across industries/portfolios

Strong technological/architectural to functional skill sets

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

This job operates in a professional office environment

To successfully perform the essential functions of the job there may be physical requirements which need to be met such as sitting for long periods of time and using computer monitors/equipment

WORTHINESS QUALIFICATION

Must be a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and currently temple worthy.

POSTING NOTICE/MORE INFO.

Please Note: All positions are subject to close without notice. (tech123)",4.1,"The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
4.1","Riverton, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
245,Data Analyst,-1,"Position Number: 341506

Location: Boston, MA 02210

Position Type: Temp to Hire

Required Skill Set:
Data Visualization, JIRA, Tableau

Position Description:
*C2C is not available**
*Only U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. can be considered as W2 candidates.**
Data Analyst
Contract: 6+ months (Potential to Perm)
Location: Boston, MA 02210

Duties:
Our ideal Data Analyst candidate is proficient in data management and has a strong analytical capability. The incumbent will use own skills to provide subject matter expertise and complete in-depth data analysis, which contribute to the strategic efforts of the team. You’re also detail-oriented and adaptable. The team culture of working collaboratively, cross-functionally, using new technologies for data driven decision making combined with the work/life balance provided by client are among the core reasons people enjoy working at client.
client has recognized the importance of an Enterprise Privacy, Data and AI Governance program and we are looking for an skilled and highly motivated individual with strong analysis and problem solving background to join this Enterprise Privacy, Data and AI Governance team within the Enterprise Technology Experience organization. Data plays a key role at client, and as such, our Data sourcing and governance program plays a critical role in client success. In this role, you must be proficient in data management, have a strong analytical capability and be able to partner with stakeholders to understand their needs. You will use your skills to provide subject matter expertise and complete in-depth data analysis, which contribute to the strategic efforts of the team. The team embodies a culture of working collaboratively, cross-functionally, and using new technologies all in support of a culture of innovation and collaboration.

Objectives of the role
• Engage with various teams to understand data requirements and uses
• Understand data sourcing and delivery designs and how those support data lineage and veracity
• Review data model, metadata, for data sourcing and governance, applying quality management.
• Work with data partners to gain required governance insights.
• Complete in-depth data analysis and contribution to strategic efforts.
• Provide subject matter expertise on the data needs for project deliveries, scope, acceptance, installation and deployment.
• Design and develop dashboards and reports to visualize analysis results using BI tools for internal governance team use.
• Contribute to the design, development and completion of project deliverables.
• Experience with data governance and data quality.

Skills:

Requirements:
• Bachelor's degree or equivalent.
• 4+ years of professional data analysis working with business data initiatives.
• Hands-on expertise with SQL for use in data access, discovery and analysis.
• Hands-on expertise with Data Warehousing solutions
• Hands-on experience with various cloud-based database technologies (Vertica, Redshift, etc.)
• Proficient in data management including data analytical capability.
• Excellent verbal and written communications, high attention to detail.
• Ability to manage diverse projects impacting multiple roles and processes.
• Candidate should be able to troubleshoot problem areas and identify data gaps and issues.
• Ability to adapt to fast changing environment.
• Experience understanding ETL processes.
• Strong organizational skills and ability to effectively prioritize multiple tasks.
• Presentation skills in demonstrating system design and data analysis solutions.
• Familiar with agile project delivery process.
• Authorized to work in the USA without sponsorship now or in the future

Education:
• Bachelors Degree preferred",4.4,"Rose International
4.4","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
246,Senior Data Analyst,-1,"Our Mission
We’re here to create a safer, happier and more mindful future for all with the help of data science, engineering, design, and mobile technology. We're starting by reinventing insurance, by rethinking the technologies that enable it, but our true goal is to build a platform that rewards people for driving well — creating safer roads with fewer accidents in the process.

Backed by impressive funding, we're poised to re-engineer a trillion-dollar category, and that’s just the beginning. We’re using rich customer insights, advanced technology and data science to build our cloud-native InsurTech solution, and other things we haven’t even dreamt up yet. We're out to change behavior and promote mindful living at a societal level. But the key to us being successful in our mission isn’t just about nailing the technology—it’s about hiring the talented people who can help us make a quantifiable impact in the world. We’re growing our world-class team.
And that’s where you come in.

The Role
The Senior Data Analyst will work with teams (product, marketing, engineering, data science, CX and business owners, etc.) to measure, understand, and monitor key business metrics across our mobile apps and websites. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working with datasets across a variety of systems (SQL, Firebase,...).
This role will be responsible in delivering ad-hoc analysis with actionable insights and translating stakeholders’ priorities into dashboards. As an early member of the analytics team, you’ll have many opportunities to make a meaningful impact by helping develop how we do analytics as a company.

All applicants for this job posting must complete the simple challenge.
Must have:
Previous experience(s) in an early stage startup in an analytics role. Not everything has been built yet and data is often messy or incomplete. This role is just as much of doing the difficult work to design the core system as it is in getting reliable analytics results.

Skills and Experience:

Degree in quantitative or business fields preferred
Prior experience in a consumer organization is a plus
Web and mobile analytics experience using a variety of tools
Proficiency with Firebase and/or Google Analytics
Experience using SQL
Python experience is a great plus
Experience with web and mobile tagging, including tag management system (GTM, DTM,...)Ability to build and manage dashboarding tools (Data Studio, Redash, Tableau,...)
Strong analytical skills
Team player
Highly organized, attention to detail and curious

Salary & Benefits:

Salary: We invest in first-rate people and pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience, talent and location. We do not offer equity.
Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), wellness reimbursement, four weeks of vacation + six weeks of parental leave, and great work-life balance. Our office building offers on-site shower and bike stalls, and panoramic views of San Francisco.
Location: Due to COVID-19 our teams are all working remotely through 2020. We provide an in-home office set-up including laptop, monitor, ergonomic desk, chair and other items as needed
Location: Post COVID-19: San Francisco, CA near Montgomery Bart Station
BlueOwl, LLC is an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf",4.5,"Blue Owl
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
247,HR Data Analyst,"$35k-$65k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Details
Level
Experienced
Job Location
Oklahoma City Office - Oklahoma City, OK
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
Bachelor's Degree
Travel Percentage
None
Job Category
General Business
Description
This position works with HR and the business to develop reports and provides analysis to inform and support decision-making. This role will utilize data analysis methodologies, reporting and data visualization tools, and requires an understanding of data mining/mashing, analytical mindset, data visualization, and the ability to frequently interface with executive and senior leaders.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Conducts analysis of HR and/or business data to identify actionable insights. Merges data from multiple sources/systems and provides ad-hoc reporting when needed
Leverages internal HR and/or business data using internal tools, systems, and data sources
Collaborates with cross-functional teams (HR, IT, Product Management and Development) to develop progressive analytics use cases for Product Management.
Proactively partners with key stakeholders to address business gaps or opportunities identified through analytics.
Develops reports, dashboards, and models to explore data and explain opportunities
Merges structured, semi-structured and unstructured data from several systems to highlight company trends related to recruiting and other business areas
Performs moderately complex data analysis and generates insights to support the HR workforce analytics needs of the business to drive informed business decisions
Delivers high quality analysis, reports, presentations using simple and effective visualizations that can be scaled for consumption by a larger audience
Creates and maintains monthly and quarterly workforce metrics and analysis
Builds strong relationships and collaborates with teammates, business leaders, and other internal clients
Automates data and analytics solutions, builds and prototypes dashboards to provide insights
Continuously monitors data quality and integrity
Manipulates and analyzes large data sets to gain insights and provide recommendations
Documents and maintains procedures for reports and records of information management and storage protocols
Develops and delivers weekly, monthly and quarterly client group metrics
Leverages advanced technical knowledge of excel and other data visualization tools
Qualifications
MINIMUM BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

Education/Certification:
Bachelor's degree in Business, Human Resources
Experience:
2-4 years of experience in Data Analytics
Experience with data visualization and advanced analytics tools
Human Resources experience
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Education/Certification:
Bachelor's degree in Business, Human Resources or Quantitative Analytics preferred
Experience:
4 years of experience in HR Data Analytics
Human Resources/Workforce Analytics experience strongly preferred
Experience with Power BI, Tableau
Skills/Abilities:
Critical, analytical thinker with strong communication skills
Strong analytical skills and the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
Self-starter who thrives in a fast paced environment
Strong understanding of HR processes and procedures
Collaborative partner, builds and maintains professional relationships
Paycom is an equal opportunity employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind. Paycom makes employment decisions on the basis of business needs, job requirements, individual qualifications and merit. Paycom wants to have the best available people in every job. Therefore, Paycom does not permit its employees to harass, discriminate or retaliate against other employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, military and veteran status, age, physical or mental disability, genetic characteristic, reproductive health decisions, family or parental status or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable laws. Equal employment opportunity will be extended to all persons in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, promotion, discipline, compensation benefits, and separation of employment. The Human Resources Department has overall responsibility for this policy and maintains reporting and monitoring procedures. Any questions or concerns should be referred to the Human Resources Department.",4.4,"Paycom
4.4","Oklahoma City, OK",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1998,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
248,Data Analyst,-1,"Job Responsibilities: *
Provides data driven input, with insight and forward-thinking recommendations to business leaders.
Interpret, evaluate and interrelate company and research data and develop integrated business analyses and projections for incorporation into strategic decision making
Consistently provide proactive and prescriptive analytics
Monitor daily/weekly/monthly metrics and alert business leaders to issues and trends
Conduct insightful, ad hoc analyses to investigate ongoing or one-time operational issues
Analyze business activities and present results and recommendations to enhance operational strategies both for awareness, effectiveness and overall financial benefit.
Review business processes via analysis and involvement to develop optimization strategies the focus on value-add work.
Develop predictive models of customer value, behavior, and responsiveness based on various business activities related to Fraud, Fed Gov, Account Management, Account Recovery, Sales, HR, and Underwriting
Recognizes and communicates financial implications of business decisions and strategy.
Provides support related to data needs stored within databases, including Domo reports.
Maintains relationship with IT and Finance teams to assure data accuracy and integrity.
Conduct and coordinate financial, product, market, operational and related research to support strategic and business planning within the departments you support
Creates process procedures, standards, and flows for current and future state initiatives/analysis.
Completes special projects as assigned for various departments such as Fed Gov, Account Management, Account Recovery, Sales, HR, and Underwriting
Ensure all deliverables adhere to department quality and delivery standards.
Maintaining and staying up to date on the latest analytical tools and trends.
Lead meetings and develop presentations to easily explain analysis and drive actionable results.
Actively participate and partner in operational department financial related meetings.
Incorporate proven modeling that provides future predictions on business operations and financial status.
Requirements & Preferred Skills: *
Bachelor's in Economics, Decision Sciences, Mathematics, Finance or related field
Minimum of 3 years of business analysis experience
Four or more years of extensive experience with SAS and other statistical software packages
Minimum of two years of experience with VBA, SQL, Microsoft Access, BI/data visualization
Advanced Analytic Techniques: Knowledge of advanced quantitative analytic techniques and protocols used to build necessary business models
Advanced knowledge with data analytics and data mining
Experience working with cross-functional teams to build consensus and project plans
Contract length: 8 months

Job Type: Contract

Work Remotely:
No",-1,Microagility,"New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
249,Data Analyst,"$36k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Us


We are a growing company with a solid customer base, excellent compensation and benefits, and a collaborative yet flexible work environment. If you enjoy challenging projects, using new technologies to deliver innovative business solutions, and you're interested in working for an entrepreneurial company, we may have a home for you.

We are looking for Data Analyst to join our CX solutions team. At PTP, we value aptitude and creativity as well as experience. We are a diverse organization and are looking for bright, passionate and committed professionals who strive to be the best at what they do.

Responsibilities
Work with large amounts of data to find trends and areas for improvement based on business and operational goals
Drive business and technical requirements in order to improving data analysis
Present findings with an ability to write and speak clearly while communicating complex ideas
Requirements
A bachelor's degree in mathematics, statistics or related field
Strong math and analysis skills
Experience with statistical tools like R, SAS, Matlab, SPSS, Stata and reporting tools such as HighCharts
Experience writing SQL queries
Desired
Unix
Groovy or PERL
Working knowledge of JSON
Salary is DOE and is extremely competitive. We are able to offer relocation assistance to the right candidate.",3.8,"PTP
3.8","Gold River, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
250,Data Analyst (Underwriting & Lending Industry),-1,"Do you find yourself searching for a truly unique working environment? Do you have a go-getter attitude? Well, are you ready to take on a new challenge? We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst (Underwriting & Lending) to join Dot818’s growing team!

We’re looking for a special kind of candidate – someone who appreciates challenging projects, is comfortable working with a supportive team, and hungers for the freedom to think outside of the box. We also want you to care about our core values too. We have a deep commitment to success, we build strong relationships through tenacious effort, and we keep a firm focus on our client’s needs. If this sounds like your dream job, take the first step toward joining our team and apply now with your resume.

The Data Analyst is expected to thoroughly understand the credit/lending risk domain, and frequently use industry specific risk analysis best practices when operating and building predictive models. The ideal candidate would be able to design new models, frameworks, dashboards, and other tools.
Job Requirements*
You should be able to:
Develop and implement underwriting and credit risk assessment data models
Track various data metrics within the lending industry
Close interaction with IT Team to design/improve data architecture
Identify optimization opportunities using predictive modeling
Develop and implement advanced custom models and algorithms
Develop tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy
Investigate new data sets and identify strategic opportunities for improving servicing for our customers
Build out new data flows as our product changes, and produce high-value, timely analytics relevant to the lending and underwriting industry
Qualifications*
Master’s degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or any other quantitative discipline
At least 3 years’ experience in the Fintech industry working with financial underwriting models, variables, and risk assessment models.
Knowledge of R, Python, SQL
Rigorous statistical intuition, deep understanding of core statistical principles, and extensive experience with core methods
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms
Skills*
You are highly organized with the ability to multi-task and prioritize in a fast-paced culture
You are a critical thinker and able to problem solve
You have strong verbal communication skills
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms
What We Offer*
Competitive compensation package
Casual Fridays and major holidays off
Flexible work environment with a close-knit family feel
Paid time off, company-sponsored 401k, and employee health and wellness benefits
Company luncheons, outings, after-hour events, and team building festivities
Workplace perks such as healthy snacks, fresh brewed organic coffee, and employee discounts
Company sponsored gym membership
Company provided parking
Last, but not least, you will get to work with an amazing group of people!
If you have the experience, drive to succeed and have a can-do attitude then we are looking for you. Click apply and come join a fast-growing technology company!*
Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Data Analyst: 3 years (Required)
Underwriting and Lending analysis: 1 year (Required)
Location:
Glendale, CA (Required)",5.0,"Dot818, LLC.
5.0","Glendale, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
251,Data Analyst,"$46k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Jackson Family Wines is much more than a family owned wine company. We're risk-taking innovators with a strong belief that quality is paramount. We're always on the lookout for top talent -- individuals who possess a strong work ethic, commitment to quality and share our beliefs in healthy lands and a healthy community. In 2019, we were selected as one of the North Bay Business Journal's Best Places to Work for the fifth year running.

SUMMARY

Data Analyst

The Data Analyst position will capture, manage, analyze, and apply customer knowledge to help Jackson Family Wines win, support and retain customers. To succeed, this person will partner with Direct-to-Consumer teams to define, develop, deliver and support technology solutions that align with department goals and business strategy. This includes capturing customer data from all sources, managing across customer-facing systems and functions as well as partner with Business Analysts to obtain actionable insights.

A successful candidate will have proven experience in producing reporting, dashboards and visualizing insights; expertise in pattern mining and business analytics. This role requires both a broad knowledge of existing data mining and processing along with the creativity to invent and customize as needed.

Responsibilities
Proficient in the analysis, design, development, debugging, and support of data ecosystems including data management, governance, and ETL integration processes to generate insights
Participates in the development of statistical and predictive models and leveraging machine learning algorithms
Take ownership of both recurring/standardized reporting as well as ad hoc projects and requests
Lead the analysis of transactional and customer data, including cross-tabulations and statistical analysis, provide insights into purchasing patterns, develop hypotheses about trends, and translate results into actionable recommendations for business partners
Responsible for business analytics work through all phases, including data quality, data analysis, data visualization, and presentation of results and deliverables
Design and create scalable BI analytic solutions that provide insights into business KPIs. Analytic solutions to cover data acquisition, storage in data warehouse, automation, and visualization of insights
Quantify the impact of DTC sales and marketing initiatives on customer success and future behavior
Develop reusable analytics and assets working closely with the Data Warehouse/BI team to ensure scalability of analytical outputs
Build relationships with customers and peers and work closely with them to influence the design of acceptable solutions
Qualifications
Ability to operate comfortably, and effectively, in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment
Intermediate to advanced experience with an enterprise reporting/BI platform (Power BI preferred)
Proficient with SQL, creating stored procedures, and data models
Advanced knowledge of relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS)
Proficient at creating, testing and supporting ETL processes with modern integration tools
Experience with R, Python, or similar scripting language
Knowledge of statistical and predictive data models
Ability to work effectively with data, BI developers and consumer research and insights partners to meet the data needs of the business, translating business needs into analytical requirements
Desire to take proactive ownership of the accuracy and timeliness of reported data
Education: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, Economics or related field

Experience: 3-8 years of exemplary experience in a business analyst, data analyst or similar role. Wine industry and/or CPG experience preferred.",3.7,"Jackson Family Wines
3.7","Santa Rosa, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
252,Data Analyst II,"$44k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","You’re not likely to find another company like Vermeer. Our people are from all walks of life in locations around the world, rolling up our sleeves and getting tough work done every day. Together. We’re a family-owned and operated company with an unmatched culture, one that is built on the belief that every Vermeer team member has real, personal impact – on our people, our customers and our world. Whoever you are and where you are in your career, Vermeer helps you be Equipped to Do More®.

Job Summary

Work Shift

1 - First ShiftThe Data Analyst II is responsible for performing complex data analysis to make sense of, and draw conclusions from, information buried in raw data. This position works closely with project team members and business units to identify data-related issues and solve them. This role must be an expert at querying information in relational databases like Oracle, Microsoft SQL, and PostgreSQL and able to document findings in tools such as Word, Excel, or Power BI.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

1. Exhibit the Vermeer characteristics of caring culture, demonstrating agility, customer focused and stewardship while modeling the associated behaviors.

2. Analyze data sets using various statistical methods to identify patterns within data, to gain insight into process performance, and identify opportunities to enhance decision making. Leverage current information sources including databases, process models, business requirements and other artifacts to research and resolve issues. Interpret, draw conclusions, make recommendations, and present findings to customers to support business questions and promote data literacy. Assist the business to take advantage of opportunities to improve data usage, analytical processes, and business process improvements.

3. Contribute to a data strategy and approach including inventory of data sources, metadata, quality, issues, reconciliations and remediations. Participate in planning and execution activities to identify, extract, reconcile, transform, load, and validate and/or converted data. Create mapping specifications, review data models, update business data definitions, and maintain process and project documentation as needed.

4. Define data quality operations and support the development and use of automated tools to deliver comprehensive data cleansing, matching, and quality monitoring capabilities for master and transactional data. Ensure high quality data is collected and discover the source data that causes issues for downstream applications, processes, and reports. Troubleshoot and resolve discrepancies to maintain data integrity and quality of information assets.

5. Prepare data documentation for specific projects or domains. Participate in unit testing and/or user acceptance testing for deliverables. Provide post implementation support for data reconciliation and quality issues.

6. Participate in product evaluations, requirements gathering, and business decisions to ensure new solutions are aligned with the company’s strategic goals and are scalable into the data warehouse platform.

Education and/or Experience

- Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Business or related field.

- Minimum of 4 years previous experience with data and application standards, development, and integration; and/or equivalent combination of education and experience required.

Other Skills and Abilities

- Ability to shorten development cycles by implementing new and reusable technologies at Vermeer. Ability to examine business and development processes and apply continuous improvement methods to identify opportunities.

- Ability to define, create and complete a technical task without guidance.

- Excellent analytical skills.

- Ability to maintain positive interpersonal relationships which encourage openness with customers and peers; ability to develop interpersonal relationships with co-workers, staff, clients and the community to meet or exceed expectations.

- Demonstration of excellent written and verbal communication skills. This position requires presenting design recommendations to both technical and non-technical audiences. Clarity of ideas and overall understanding is crucial.

- Ability to create accurate, professional and error-free documents.

- Ability to manage multiple projects while applying project management and organizational skills for task breakdown, planning, and prioritization.

Travel

Up to 5% domestic and/or international travel by car or plane may be required.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or veteran status. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation due to a disability at any stage of the employment application process should contact Team Member Solutions in human resources at (641) 621-8767 or at hr@vermeer.com.",4.1,"Vermeer
4.1","Pella, IA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
253,"Senior Data Analyst, Product","$86k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About the role

We're hiring a senior data analyst who will focus on growth product analytics. Through experimentation, user funnel analysis, data science modeling and the development of dashboards, you will surface product insights and recommendations that will increase enrollments, conversions, referrals and retention of our members. In this role, you will work closely with growth product managers and engineers to foster our culture of data-driven product development as well as inform our product roadmaps and create a deep understanding member behavior.

In this role, you can expect to
Define key metrics used to measure the success of our products and member growth.
Build a deeper understanding of user behaviors in all stages of the member lifecycle, from enrollment through to retention, and identify the corresponding business opportunities for Chime.
Partner with product, engineering, marketing, research, and design to translate your data insights into features.
Lead experimentation by providing guidance on the experiments that should be run, how they should be run, and evaluating the impact on our key metrics.
Foster a data-driven, test-and-learn culture with your passion for telling stories with data.
To thrive in this role, you have
A quantitative degree in a field like Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Operations Research or Engineering. Advanced degrees preferred.
5+ years in analytics, leveling will be determined based on experience. B2C product analytics and FinTech experience preferred.
Strong SQL skills - familiarity with window functions would be a good sign.
Data science and modeling skills - optimizing features and driving model performance.
Exposure to a scripting language like Python or R.
Experience building metric frameworks to understand user behaviors.
Experience with experimentation and statistical analysis used to guide decision making.
Excellent communication skills, a record of working cross-functionally to achieve results.
A little about us

We created Chime because we believe everyone deserves financial peace of mind. By eliminating unnecessary fees and helping people grow their savings automatically, we've empowered millions of Americans to take control of their finances.

Chime is the largest and fastest-growing U.S. player in the challenger-banking space. Through our banking partners, we offer access to bank accounts with fee-free overdraft, provide members the chance to receive early access to their paychecks, help them improve their credit, and more!

We've built one of the most experienced leadership teams in Fintech and were recently valued at over $14.5B. We've raised over $1B in funding from leading investors including DST, Coatue, Tiger Global, General Atlantic, Iconiq, Dragoneer, Menlo, Whale Rock, Access, Forerunner, Crosslink, Cathay, aCrew, and others.

What we offer
Competitive salary based on experience
401k match plus the usual medical, dental, vision, life, and disability benefits
Quarterly stipend to spruce up your home office
Generous vacation policy and company-wide Take Care of Yourself Days
Virtual events to connect with your fellow Chimers- think cooking classes, music festivals, mixology classes, paint nights, etc., and delicious snack boxes, too!
A challenging and fulfilling opportunity to join one of the most experienced teams in FinTech and help create a completely new kind of banking service
We know that great work comes from great, and inclusive teams. At Chime, we specifically look for individuals of varying strengths, skills, backgrounds, and ideas. We believe this gives us a competitive advantage to better serve our members and helps us all grow as Chimers and individuals.

We hire candidates of any race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, Veteran status, and any other status. Chime is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To learn more about how Chime collects and uses your personal information during the application process, please see the Chime Applicant Privacy Notice.",4.8,"Chime
4.8","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
254,Data Analyst,"$59k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","For 25 years, Getty Images has embraced disruption and change; riding the digital wave to evolve from a fragmented, analog stock photo business into a multi-billion-dollar, global e-commerce industry leader and trusted brand. The breadth and quality of our content has always allowed our customers and partners to tell their stories with greater creativity and accuracy, eliciting more emotion and enabling more action. Getty Images moves the world, whether the goal is commercial or philanthropic, revenue-generating or society-changing, market-disrupting or headline-driving.

Help us move the world with images!
Getty Images is the most trusted and esteemed source of visual content in the world, with over 405 million assets available through its industry-leading sites www.gettyimages.com and www.istock.com. The Getty Images website serves creative, business and media customers in almost 200 countries and is the first-place people turn to discover, purchase and share powerful content from the world's best photographers and videographers.

Getty Images works with over 330,000 contributors and image partners to provide comprehensive coverage of more than 160,000 news, sport and entertainment events, impactful creative imagery to communicate any commercial concept and the world's deepest digital archive of historic photography. Getty Images is a world leader in visual content. With over 405 million assets, of which over 285million are digitized, encompassing the latest global news, sports, celebrity, music and fashion coverage; exclusive conceptual creative images; and the world’s largest commercial archive. New content is added daily, with 8-10 million new assets added each quarter.

We are inclusive of different voices, perspectives and experience. We believe diversity is critical to our mission to objectively reflect the world we live in and allow our customers to illustrate that world. This means including a diverse range of voices in our content, actively pursuing diversity in our team and sources of content and listening to our customers to make sure we are as open and responsive as possible.

Women, gender-nonbinary, people of color, LGBTQIA+ people and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

We are looking for a Contract Data Analyst to join our AI/ML Team to own the analysis and reporting of our A/B testing and experiments.

Sample project topics:
Trends in search behavior
Preferences in customer search and download behavior
Customer segmentation
Customer behavior insights based on their site interactions

What you’ll need:
Strong data analytics and insights
Can access data that is messy and from different sources
Brings a critical eye to data; cares about data quality
Someone who brings a customer focus, can work with user research team to combine qualitative findings with their quantitative insights
Research mindset, proactively formulating hypotheses and questions to answer with the data
Learns quickly
Strong communication for sharing findings
SQL, hive, python
Education Requirements:
A B.A. or B.S. in Statistics, Data Analytics, Data Science, Mathematics, Engineer, Computer Science, Economics, Sociology, Natural Sciences or any other equivalent quantitative field is preferred.
If you are self-taught and believe you are a good fit for this role, or have significant work experience, we would love to hear from you as well.
Due to the current conditions and impact of Covid-19, this position is a remote work from home 6 month contract with the potential to convert to a Full-time position in the future.

As we do not have a timeline to when conditions improve, we are prepared to offer flexibility with the timeline to relocate including relocation assistance.

The contract Data Analyst position is not eligible for an H1B Visa transfer or sponsorship.

Getty Images is committed to providing Reasonable Accommodations and will work with you to meet your needs. If you are a person with a disability and require assistance to search for a job opening or to submit an online application, please email RecruitingAccommodations@gettyimages.com.
We celebrate our inclusive work environment and welcome members of all backgrounds and perspectives.

Getty Images is committed to providing Reasonable Accommodations and will work with you to meet your needs. If you are a person with a disability and require assistance to search for a job opening or to submit an online application, please email RecruitingAccommodations@gettyimages.com.

Visit Getty Images at www.gettyimages.com to learn more about how the company is advancing the unique role of still and moving imagery in communication and business, and enabling creative ideas to come to life.

For company news and announcements, visit our Press Room, and for the stories and inspiration behind our content, visit Stories & Trends.

Find Getty Images on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest and Tumblr, or download the Getty Images app where you can explore, save and share the world's best imagery.

Getty Images is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Getty Images believes that diversity is critical to our success in moving the world with images and is committed to creating an inclusive, mutually respectful environment which celebrates diversity. We seek to hire on the basis of merit, competence, performance, and business needs.",2.8,"Getty Images
2.8","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Photography,"Arts, Entertainment & Recreation",Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
255,"Sr. Analyst, Data Visualization",-1,"Named as one of LA's Best Places to Work by Built in LA, Prodege, LLC, is an internet and media company that is dedicated to “creating rewarding moments” for its members by rewarding them with more than $1.7 billion in cash and free gift cards since inception. Prodege is comprised of leading consumer brands — Swagbucks, MyPoints, ShopAtHome, InboxDollars, and Upromise— which deliver engaging content and valuable rewards to more than 120 million members worldwide. Prodege's complementary suite of business solutions helps brands boost engagement with consumers by making it easy to gather insights, listen to their audience and gain further exposure to drive brand loyalty.

We are currently seeking a Sr. Analyst, Data Visualization to join our team.

In this role, you will support our Data Visualization product, assisting in the development and implementation of our capabilities in this area.
You’ll collaborate with clients at Market Research agencies as well as with Prodege’s Project Management, Survey Programming and Data Processing experts to lead the design and production of data deliverables including online dashboards and automated PowerPoint charts.
You’ll lead client demos to showcase our data analysis & visualization capabilities and provide day-to-day support to clients using our data analysis & visualization platform.
The ideal candidate will be a true team-player who is familiar with the full market research process and with experience in the areas of data analysis and data visualization. In addition, the ideal candidate will have at least some familiarity with survey programming and data collection standards as well as be comfortable communicating with clients whether via email, over the phone or when attending in-person meetings.

For the past few years, ProdegeMR has seen transformative growth and is building the team to continue to foster mutually successful client relationships and further grow our business and our team.

Sr. Analyst, Data Visualization:
Understands clients’ business questions and research-related needs and suggests approaches and data deliverables which will exceed client expectations
Demonstrates a strong ability to QA check, format and visualize data to assist clients’ in deriving actionable insights from that data
Ensures that client objectives are met throughout the process
Has a proven track record of delivering high-quality results in a timely manner
Is a fast learner who takes initiative and is driven to learn new things, test new techniques, and experiment
Is a strong team player and able to manage multiple ongoing projects
Assist in the development of new, and optimization of current, Prodege products and services
About You:
4+ years of quantitative market research experience in the area of data analysis and data visualization
Expertise with data visualization tools (e.g. Dapresy, Infotools, PowerBI, Tableau, etc.)
Expertise with data analysis tools such as SPSS or R
Enjoys working in a team environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in one on one and in group settings
Comfortable working as efficiently as possible to quickly deliver solutions
Attentive to detail with strong critical-thinking abilities
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent
It’s a plus if you have:
Some familiarity with Survey Programming and Reporting platforms such as Confirmit, Decipher, Qualtrics, etc.
Some familiarity with Microsoft Excel VBA.",3.7,"Prodege, LLC
3.7",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
256,Entry Level IT Contractor Role- Business Analyst /Data Analyst,"$36k-$64k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description*
VForce Infotech - constantly looking for IT Contractors on our W2 who work with our clients.

We are offering Entry level to Mid sr. positons and Training related to
Business Analyst (BA) All Domain.
Data Visualization Expert - Tableau Developer, Power BI Developer
RPA - Robotic Process Automation - Automation Anywhere.
MSSQL Developer - SSIS,SSRS,T-SQL.
Front End Developer Angular.
Placements as well as - Job oriented training.
Note *– We are registered with E-Verify, do sponsor H1B & Green Card on the same year.
We have several opportunities available for full-time 40hrs. and contracting opportunities.

We offer training and placement to OPT/CPT, H1Bs, L2 (EAD), EAD, Green Card & Citizens.

For a list of currently available jobs be sure to check our job postings and send your resume.

https://vforceinfotech.com/career/

We are looking to hire OPT, CPT, H1B, EAD, Green Card and Citizens.

We provide Guest House at the time of preparation. We also can sponsor a trip to New Jersey if you are not local to New Jersey.

We prepare candidates on skill so well that we can sponsor their travel for joining as well as travel for interviews far from their primary location.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $50,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Education:
Master's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Relocation assistance
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule::
Monday to Friday",4.1,"VForce InfoTech
4.1","Atlantic City, NJ",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
257,Data Analyst,"$34k-$61k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job ID:
2015720
Location:
SCOTT AFB
,
IL
,
US
Date Posted: 2020-10-01 Category: Information Technology Subcategory: Database Support Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Travel: No Minimum Clearance Required: Secret Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: None Potential for Remote Work: No
Description We are currently seeking a motivated, career and customer oriented Airlift Data Analyst to join our team in Scott Air Force Base, IL, to begin an exciting and challenging career with SAIC. In this role you will compile, analyze and report air transportation movement data for the 618 Air Operations Center (AOC) Strategy Division.

Duties/Tasks and Responsibilities:
Identify and work to resolve observed cargo/passenger manifest discrepancies, including on-load/off-load analysis.
Produce and deliver customer requested products related to mission data.
Analyze airlift/air refueling sortie data via C2 systems to ensure accuracy of cargo/passenger detail
Evaluate internal processes and tools to identify improvement opportunities to streamline work and increase quality/accuracy
Conduct quality reviews of sortie analysis and data used to produce customer products to ensure accuracy
Keep training documents related to mission analysis and production products up to date
Maintain NIPR/SIPR accounts and monitor email on both systems throughout the assigned shift.
Interface with internal agencies to obtain or clarify data needed for product updates.
Additional Responsibilities Include, but are not limited To:
Assist with proposal development, if necessary.
Data research and analysis.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office products; ability to import, export, format, use formulas, craft emails, build slides etc.
Detail oriented and analytical abilities.
Desired: Three years' experience in the airlift and/or air refueling field. Basic understanding of how airlift missions are planning and executed.
Highly desired: Familiarity with AMC Command and Control (C2) systems such as Global Decision Support System (GDSS), Global Air Transportation Execution System (GATES), IDE/GTN Convergence (IGC), Single Mobility system (SMS), Joint Operational Planning and Execution System (JOPES).
Qualifications U.S. CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED

Active SECRET Security Clearance

Education/Experience: Associates degree and 3 years experience or equivalent.

Specific Experience:
Experience in analyzing data points from various input feeds, determining accuracy based on logic and/or business rules/policy.
Desired: Experience in utilizing air transportation or similar DOD Systems such as GDSS, GATES, IGC, SMS, and a variety of other tools and systems to determine passengers and cargo moving in support of the Department of Defense mission.
Knowledgeable in Air Transportation Cargo/Passenger policies, procedures, concepts, and practices.
Day Shift including weekends and holidays.
Must be able to effectively communicate with customer and fulfill all duties and responsibilities as listed in the contract.
Must be proficient in Microsoft Office suite including, but not limited to: Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook.
SAIC is a premier technology integrator solving our nation's modernization and readiness challenges. Our offerings across defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets include high-end solutions in engineering, IT, and mission outcomes. We integrate the best components from our portfolio with our partner's ecosystem to deliver innovative and effective solutions. We are 25,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. Headquartered in Reston, VA, SAIC has annual revenues of nearly $7.1 billion. For information, visit saic.com or Working at SAIC for benefits details.

SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer empowering people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and respectful work culture that values all.",3.8,"SAIC
3.8","Scott AFB, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,2013,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
258,Data Management Analyst,"$34k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview

HD Supply (NASDAQ:HDS) ( www.hdsupply.com ) is one of the largest industrial distributors in North America. The company provides a broad range of products and value-add services to approximately 500,000 customers with leadership positions in maintenance, repair and operations and specialty construction sectors. Through approximately 260 locations across 36 states and six Canadian provinces, the company's approximately 11,000 associates provide localized, customer-driven services including jobsite delivery, will call or direct-ship options, diversified logistics and innovative solutions that contribute to its customers' success. With an active commitment to the communities in which we operate, HD Supply associates are part of a thriving organization that supports the virtues of wellness, diversity and inclusion all of which are top priorities for the company. Equally as important is empowering our associates to grow professionally while providing competitive benefits and compensation. If youre ready to find a rewarding career and achieve your full potential with a growing industry leader, HD Supply is ready for you!

Job Description & Qualifications

Job Summary

Responsible for gathering disparate data files from various sources. Analyze and normalize to ensure quality and process for upload into the master data management or other related software. Provide guidance and analysis on processed data that empower Purchasing, Sales, Sourcing, and Pricing teams to attain objectives.

Major Tasks, Responsibilities and Key Accountabilities
Inputs and analyzes data received from external sources to ensure accurate and validated data is available for associates in decision making and customer service.
Serves as individual contributor on a data team that could include responsibility for, but not limited to: product file maintenance; cost matrix maintenance; price matrix maintenance; employee and organizational hierarchy; vendor file maintenance; and /or customer file maintenance.
Assesses work processes to identify opportunities to automate, minimize error and maximize productivity. Develops tools to monitor for compliance to standards.
Works with the team to determine root cause for discrepancies, correct processes and implement change.
Nature and Scope
Demonstrates skill in data analysis techniques by resolving missing/incomplete information and inconsistencies/anomalies in more complex research/data.
Nature of work requires increasing independence; receives guidance only on unusual, complex problems or issues. Work review typically involves periodic review of output by a supervisor and/or direct customers of the process.
May provide general guidance/direction to or train junior level support or professional personnel.
Work Environment
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
No travel required.
Education and Experience
Typically requires BS/BA in a related discipline. Generally 2-5 years of experience in a related field OR MS/MA and generally 2-4 years of experience in a related field. Certification is required in some areas.
Preferred Qualifications & Job Specific Details

Preferred Qualifications
Responsible for building in new products and managing the new product build in (NPBI) processes and tools.
Experience with Microsoft Excel and having a history of Data Management expertise
Analyze and normalize to ensure quality and process for upload into the master data management or other related software.
Provide guidance and analysis on processed data that empower Category Management, Purchasing, Sales, Sourcing, and Pricing teams to attain objectives.
Uphold Data standards and product attribute maintenance in the ERP and Product Information Management tool workspace.
Serves as individual contributor on a data team that could include responsibility for, but not limited to: product lifecycle maintenance (new product and existing products); customer file maintenance; supplier file maintenance
Excellent communication skills with attention to detail.
PRID

PRID163

Job Locations US-GA-Atlanta

Posted Date 2 weeks ago (9/23/2020 10:10 AM)

Job ID 2020-39672

Business Unit Construction Industrial WC

Functional Area Information Technology

Remote Position? No

Position Type Full-Time

Posting Location : Postal Code 30339

HD Supply is an Equal Opportunity Minority/Female/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veteran and Affirmative Action Employer. HD Supply considers for employment and hires qualified candidates without regard to age, race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, protected veteran or disability status or any factor prohibited by law.",2.8,"HD Supply
2.8","Atlanta, GA",-1,10000+ Employees,2007,Company - Public,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
259,Data and Policy Analyst - Statistical Programmer,"$46k-$72k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

At Acumen, LLC / The SPHERE Institute, Data and Policy Analysts provide analytical support for research and consulting projects for government and private clients, primarily in the area of health policy. This position is responsible for managing and analyzing data, researching and interpreting policy, and communicating findings to multiple audiences.

Data and Policy Analysts perform a wide array of functions as part of the research process. Those applicants interested in focusing on statistical programming help create and report descriptive statistic, conduct econometric and statistical analyses of data using statistical software such as SAS and STATA, interpret study specifications, research findings, and quantitative analyses for relevant audiences, develop research files from large confidential datasets, and perform other duties as assigned.

Required Skills

As we review your materials, we are looking for candidates who best exemplify the following qualifications:

Qualifications Required:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative, public policy, or related field or equivalent relevant experience
Good quantitative analytical skills
Good oral and written communication skills
Good organizational skills and strong attention to detail
Familiar with one or more of the following technical competencies: statistics, programming, policy writing, research methods documentation, or project management
Able to demonstrate initiative, critical thinking, and problem-solving
Able to work in a team-oriented environment
Able to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment
Demonstrated aptitude and enthusiasm for learning
Qualifications Desired:
Demonstrated interest in health and social policy
Master's degree in a quantitative, public policy, or related field or equivalent relevant experience
Any application without a cover letter will not be considered. Transcripts and coding samples are not required, however highly preferred and may be requested. We ask that you submit an application for only one office location. We are excited to review your application and look forward to seeing how you may best contribute to our work.

Job Location

Burlingame, California, United States

Position Type

Full-Time/Regular",3.4,"Acumen
3.4","Burlingame, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
260,JPSC-8710 - Oracle Data Analysts,"$43k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

Must have Healthcare experience

 Bachelor’s degree with 8+ years of work experience in data analysis and visualization.

 Experience in preparing and conducting extensive business analysis and studies, process

assessments, data analysis and cost benefit analysis in an effort to support data driven strategies.

 Minimum 4 years of experience working with healthcare data and helping businesses make better data driven decisions.

 Minimum 4 years of strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills

 Experience with various data platforms.

 Proficiency in PL/SQL coding with ETL

 Willingness to participate in team on‐call rotation, and perform off hours work as needed.",4.5,"Avani Technology Solutions
4.5","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2008,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
261,Data Analyst,"$45k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

i3 is seeking a Data Analyst to support Mission Integration Management, Engineering, and Analysis activities. This position is located in Arlington, VA.

This position will support programs in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research & Engineering (OUSD(R&E)). USD(R&E) requires mission engineering, analysis, and integration expertise to produce objective insights and analytic justification to inform future technology and capability investment decisions within the Planning, Programming, and Budgeting Execution (PPBE) process and aid in the prioritization, alignment and validation of requirements within Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System (JCIDS) to deliver modernized capabilities that enable an all domain joint force aligned with future Joint Warfighting Concepts.

Responsibilities:
Synthesize vast amounts of complex technical data into management level information
Conduct data analysis in support of technical, managerial or operational fields
Support development, maintenance, and curation of government reference architectures used to communicate and guide analysis efforts, document and communicate results, and set the basis for subsequent engineering and prototyping activities
Conduct project management related tasks, meeting management and administrative duties as requested including stakeholder integration working level meetings related to Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System (JCIDS), Joint Force Integration Cell (JFIC), Joint All-Domain Command and Control (JADC2), War gaming/Table Top Exercises (TTX), Service/COCOM Engagement, Industry Engagement, and USD(R&E) Modernization Assistant Directors
Qualifications:
Minimum of a bachelor’s degree in science, technical, engineering or mathematics (STEM) discipline
Minimum of five (5) years of experience
TS/SCI security clearance
Experience in supporting technical, managerial or operational fields and mature judgement required to interface with external stakeholders and senior government personnel
Strong organizational and oral and written communication skills are required. Experience synthesizing vast amounts of complex technical data into management level information.
Experience preparing presentations and other visualization forms to communicate results and artifacts to varied audiences
Experience maintaining configuration management on large and complex projects and developing and administering integrated data environments including cloud based storage approaches",3.9,"Integration Innovation, Inc.
3.9","Arlington, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
262,"Data Analyst IV(Dashboarding, Enterprise reporting, Healthcare)","$65k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Purpose:

Responsible for analytic data needs of the business unit. Handle complex data projects and acts as a lead for other Data Analysts.
Provide advanced analytical support for business operations in all or some of the following areas: claims, provider data, member data, clinical data, HEDIS, pharmacy, external reporting

Extract, load, model, and reconcile large amounts of data across multiple system platforms and sources

Review data to determine operational impacts and needed actions; elevate issues, trends, areas for improvement and opportunities to management.

Develop reports and deliverables and make recommendations to management

Model data using MS Excel, Access, SQL, and/or other data ware house analytical tools

Assist management in driving business decisions based on data

Ensure compliance with federal and state deliverable reporting requirements by performing data quality audits and analysis.

Assist with training and mentoring other Data Analysts.

Assist with determining work load and related activities for other Data Analysts

Education/Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience. 6+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation.

HEDIS:
Bachelor’s degree related field or equivalent experience. 6+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 3+ years of HEDIS data analysis experience including measurement and rates impacted. Advanced knowledge of Business Intelligence Tools, SQL, and Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access.

BUSINESS ANALYTIC:
Bachelor’s degree’s related field or equivalent experience. 6+ years of statistical analysis or 3+ years of related IT experience, including data warehouse, coding or ETL experience. Healthcare experience preferred. Advanced knowledge of Enterprise Reporting and Analysis tools, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel and Access. Experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project implementation. Encounters experience preferred.

PHARMACY UNDERWRITING
Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience. 5+ years of experience in underwriting analysis (preferred in pharmacy or medical field), or 6+ years of experience in data analysis, or financial reporting/auditing, data warehouse, coding, or predictive analytics. Expert knowledge of SQL, Excel, and Microsoft Applications

Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law.",3.4,"Iowa Total Care
3.4","Des Moines, IA",-1,10000+ Employees,1984,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
263,Data Analyst,-1,"Large online marketplaces like Amazon have trained consumers to expect products to be delivered in two days at no extra cost. As a result, millions of sellers on other marketplaces are falling behind, unable to cost-effectively deliver products to their customers within two days. Deliverr enables any seller, regardless of size, to delight their customers with fast, cost-effective fulfillment.

If you get excited about joining a company on a mission to deliver products anywhere in the world within two days, we're looking for you.

What You'll Do:

Build Critical Data Infrastructure: Design, build, and maintain databases, reports, and analyses for business operations and financial reporting for internal and external parties
Solve Problems: Use data to identify problems, understand causes, and recommend resolutions; execute ad-hoc requests for data insights
Think Strategically: Work with company leadership to develop financial and operating goals and forecasts, plus the right operating cadence to make it all happen
Learn the Business: Be an integral part of both the Data Science and Finance teams and help a fast growing startup scale and mature its finance processes
Make an Impact: Partner with Finance, Data, Eng, Ops, and Growth on key initiatives

What We're Looking For:

4+ years experience in a related role.
Academic background in mathematics, statistics, physics, computer science, or engineering; familiarity with finance and accounting concepts highly critical
Fluency in Python, SQL, and / or other similar languages required
Ability to express complex information to both technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to work, prioritize, and adapt in a rapid-growth startup
Know the difference between sophisticated and effective
Must be based in North America.",4.8,"Deliverr Inc
4.8",California,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Logistics & Supply Chain,Transportation & Logistics,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
264,Media Science Big Data Analyst,-1,"Discovery hires the very best and brightest talent who are enthusiastic and passionate to fulfill the company’s mission of empowering people to explore their world and satisfy their curiosity.

In exchange for their talent and drive, employees are provided with an engaging, diverse workplace and the resources they need to learn, thrive and grow in their careers.
Position Summary
Our Team: Media Strategy and Analytics

The Media Strategy & Analytics team (MSA) acts as an internal media team that handles the strategy, execution, and reporting of all paid & owned media vehicles with the goal of driving viewership across TV, digital and direct-to-consumer (DTC) products for all of Discovery, Inc’s 16+ networks (Discovery, HGTV, Food Network, TLC, etc.) and direct-to-consumer products (MotorTrend, GOLFTV, Dplay, etc.).

Media Science is a growing discipline in the media team. The business encompasses both paid media for TV and direct-to-consumer business and owned assets, which have seen exponential growth in data collection and management. Join a data-driven team that is building out a Media Science discipline incorporating big data sets, automation and visualizations to drive media efficiencies and effectiveness.

The Opportunity

As TV steers into the world of DTC and streaming, the Media Science Big Data Analyst will drill into the cross-platform evolution of the business. Sitting at the intersection of media and big data, the role will query/mine data across traditional linear, TVE and DTC viewing behaviors and conversions to improve media efficacy and drive revenue generating outcomes.

The role will help buildout the internal reporting infrastructure for viewership data and support advanced business initiatives including real-time optimization, media mix modeling and multi-touch methodologies. Join a media team that is building out smart tv advanced analytics in-house. If you possess a combination of both data engineering and research/analytical skills to tackle big data, love TV and thrive on asking ""what if ?"", come join us.
Responsibilities
1. Query and analyze raw data including smart tv data, campaign exposure data and other datasets (e.g. digital and app measurement partners) to drive media business requirements and outcomes
Analyze ecosystem metrics across linear, TVE and DTC, producing automated dashboards for media partners while identifying larger consumer shifts and business opportunities
Interpret paid and owned media performance across platforms and channels to define audience opportunities, media mix model strategies and multi-touch methodologies
Utilize big datasets to analyze and extract deep learnings to guide media strategy and optimization
Develop automated data visualizations (e.g. Tableau, Gsheet) to explain/display complex datasets empowering business stakeholders with context
Collaborate with other analysts to build out and maintain dashboards
Work with data science to test supervised and unsupervised learning models and build algorithmic solutions
Work with data engineering to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse “big data” sources
Write queries and code to extract relevant data from various platforms
Help ensure that data is accurate and consistent throughout the organization
Scope and manage ad-hoc analytics projects driven by the needs of the company
Requirements
* Bachelor’s degree in a subject such as Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, etc. Master’s Degree preferred
2+ years of relevant work-related experience working with large datasets
Experience with TV viewing data. Media Industry experience and/or ad tech would be a plus
Strong SQL experience, ability to perform effective querying and analysis of data from multiple sources
Working knowledge of AWS Big Data Tools: S3, Red Shift, Athena
Working knowledge of Python, R, SQL
Experience doing data extraction, transformation, and reporting
Experience with source control system, ideally Github
Understanding of Predictive Analytics
Machine learning experience is a nice to have
Highly proficient mathematics, including probability
Visualization experience (Tableau or other tools)
Ability to prioritize tasks and resolve problems in a timely manner
Ability to work autonomously, multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work in agile environments
Ability to understand business problems, draw conclusions from data and offer solutions
Professional/polished communicator
Team player
Extremely detail oriented and organized
Self-starter, willing to get hands dirty and “make it happen.”

* Must have the legal right to work in the United States

Discovery Communications, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Discovery is committed to being an employer of choice, not just a good place to work, but a great and inclusive place to work. To that end, we strive to recruit and maintain a workforce that meaningfully represents the diverse and culturally rich communities that we serve. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disabled status or, genetic information.

We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including but not limited to all local Fair Chance Ordinances.

EEO is the Law Pay Transparency Policy Statement
California Job Applicant Privacy Policy
If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application process, please send an email request to HR@discovery.com.",3.0,"Discovery
3.0","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
265,Data Analyst,"$51k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job description:

Were looking for an Applied Data Scientist who expects more from their career. Its a chance to apply your expertise to distil complex problems into compelling insights using the best of data science and human creativity to deliver effective and impactful solutions for retail and consumer package goods industry. You will be delivering insights to internal and external stakeholders, helping them put the customer at the center of every decision. Joining our advance data science team, youll investigate, develop, implement and deploy a range of solutions that lead to actions and measurable impact for our clients. Working alongside the best and brightest colleagues, you will be part of a team who challenging and rewriting the rules, not just following them.

Required profile:

What we expect from you:
Bachelors degree or higher in a relevant analytic field
Skilled with data science programming in Python and SQL
Experience in Statistical Modeling and Machine Learning
PowerPoint and Excel
Data Interpretation and Visualization
Presentation skills
Story telling with data
Company description:

Most companies try to meet expectations, dunnhumby exists to defy them. Using big data, deep expertise and AI-driven platforms to decode the 21st century human experience then redefine it in meaningful and surprising ways that put customers first. Across digital, mobile and retail. For brands like Tesco, Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo.

What we offer:

What you can expect from us
We wont just meet your expectations. Well defy them. So youll enjoy the comprehensive rewards package youd expect from a leading technology company. But also, a degree of personal flexibility you might not. Plus, thoughtful perks, like early finish Friday and your birthday off.
Youll also benefit from an investment in cutting-edge technology that reflects our global ambition. But with a nimble, small-business feel that gives you the freedom to play, experiment and learn.
And we dont just talk about diversity and inclusion. We live it every day with thriving networks including dh Womens Network, dh Proud, dh Parents & Careers, dh One and dh Thrive as the living proof. Everyones invited.
Our approach to Flexible Working
At dunnhumby, we value and respect difference and are committed to building an inclusive culture by creating an environment where you can balance a successful career with your commitments and interests outside of work.
We believe that you will do your best at work if you have a work / life balance. Some roles lend themselves to flexible options more than others, so if this is important to you please raise this with your recruiter, as we are open to discussing agile working opportunities during the hiring process.",4.0,"Dunnhumby
4.0","Grand Rapids, MI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
266,Data Analyst,"$46k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Experience: 5+ Years
Clearance: Top Secret / SCI Eligible

AERMOR LLC is qualified candidates to provide technical and analytical support for FCC OCA in support of all OCA inspections. Candidates shall perform a wide variety of technical support services and functions required to meet the mission of FCC OCA to enhance overall DoDIN-N readiness and security.

Responsibilities Include:

Process, inspect, cleanse, transform, and model data to discover useful information, informing conclusions, and supporting decision-making.
Conduct technical analyses and develop reports (e.g., General reports: detailed, grouped, crosstab, column, query reports, etc.) related to cybersecurity and cyber operations.
Analyze inspection findings for the compilation of quarterly and annual lessons learned.
Support future analysis efforts, perform detailed studies, and execute pilot programs as determined by OCA, draft instructions, or conduct post-inspection follow-up/research/analysis and includes, but is not limited to:
Provide detailed analysis of cybersecurity inspections (i.e., CCORIs, CCRIs, CSIs, SAV results) in a manner that ensures OCA and Onsite leadership understands the Navy’s cybersecurity posture, the status of trends in cybersecurity findings, and aids inspected site prioritization of mitigation and remediation efforts.
Provide cybersecurity and programmatic analysis to identify vulnerabilities across multiple Navy platforms, programs, and Enterprise Networks that may be systemic in IT infrastructure and its assets.

Publish cybersecurity results and other products such as visualizations and/or Responsible, Accountable, Consulted, and Informed (RACI) documents within FCCs unclassified/classified portals.
Develop trend data from completed cybersecurity inspections/assessments.
Compile and provide ad hoc and recurring cybersecurity inspection metrics and trend reports.
Develop technical reports, standard operating procedures (SOPs), briefings, messages, information papers, and other reporting formats for analytical results.
Present trends, findings, and results to Navy leadership in dashboard formats.
Communicate analysis results to management via reports, visualizations, etc.
Develop SharePoint Dashboards and administer user permissions
Adhere to established Navy and DoD policies and procedures

Required Skills and Experience:

Minimal of 5 years of experience in data management, analytics using technologies such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI and the like, SQL, and query Syntax
3 years of experience working in dynamic cross-competency teams
Experience remediating data issues, documenting Source to Target Mapping of Data Sources
Experience with conceptual Data modes Creation and Input
Ability to analyze, summarize and characterize large or small data sets with varying degrees of fidelity or quality; ability to identify and explain any insights or patterns within them
Strong expertise in designing, developing, and implementing reports, visualizations, and dashboards
Possess a bachelor’s degree or higher from an accredited university in automated data management
DoD 8570.01-M IAT Level II
Education: Bachelor’s degree in a related field, or equivalent education or experience and related training

Apply Now

For more information contact: careers@aermor.com",3.6,"Aermor LLC
3.6","Suffolk, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
267,Clinical Data Management - Technical Analyst,"$37k-$86k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Clinical Data Management - Technical Analyst

Virtual Position

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension leverages technology to create collaborative solutions that improve everyday health decisions. The technology enables seamless access to data across all applications transforming the customer experience when interacting with technology and enhancing our ability across Ascension to better serve communities with greater agility and responsiveness. It is used to provide insightful use of automation and data-drive improvements to enhance the provider, patient and consumer experience as well as keeping cybersecruity with a strong posture to protect data and other valuable assets.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, especially to those most in need. In FY2018, Ascension provided nearly $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension you will work with assigned customers to define business requirements and translate them through system design and solution development.

Responsibilities:
Designs, directs and performs data analyses to resolve complex business issues including technical and economic feasibility of proposed system solutions.
Uses data analysis and technical skills to help architect comprehensive models that integrate with other systems and data consumers.
Works toward troubleshooting and streamlining data validation efforts in complex database migrations.
Works on projects with broad implications requiring systems integration of multiple technical platforms.
Works closely with other teams of internal and external customers and vendors, understanding critical touchpoints and implications.
Manages expectations and ensures prompt and complete customer service.
Produces project plans, RFP's, and RFI's.
Leads design sessions by presenting logical statements of business problems and designs.
Customizes presentations to the interests of the audience.
What You Will Need:

Desired Work Experience:
3-5 years of experience preferred.
3+ Years of SQL required.
Experience in Healthcare Technology/Terminology required.
Previous experience with other languages such as Python preferred.
Previous experience with multiple RDBMS, Oracle,SQL Server preferred.
Previous experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Work Experience:
3 years of experience preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension Technologies is an EEO/AA Employer M/F/Disability/Vet. Please click the link below for more information.
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf

E-Verify Statement

Ascension Technologies participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Austin, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
268,"Senior Data Analyst, Consumer Experience","$86k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About the role

As a Senior Data Analyst, you will be responsible for the success of our Move Money product experience, working cross-functionally with product, engineering and ops teams. You'll use data to develop insights, run experiments, and guide decision making with the goal of building support experiences and features to delight and solve our members' issues.

In this role, you can expect to
Define key metrics used to measure the success of our consumer banking experiences and products
Build a deeper understanding of our members needs and strategic product and business opportunities
Partner with product, engineering and operations to translate your data insights into product features or recommendations to improve operations
Lead experimentation by providing guidance on the experiments that should be run, how they should be run, and evaluating the impact on our key metrics
Foster a data-driven, test-and-learn culture with your passion for telling stories with data
To thrive in this role, you have
A quantitative degree in a field like Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Operations Research or Engineering. Advanced degrees preferred.
5+ years in analytics, leveling will be determined based on experience. B2C product analytics and FinTech experience preferred.
Strong SQL skills - familiarity with window functions would be a good sign.
Exposure to a scripting language like Python or R and relevant data science packages
Experience building metric frameworks to understand user behaviors.
Experience with data science, experimentation and statistical analysis used to guide decision making.
Excellent communication skills, a record of working cross-functionally to achieve results.
A little about us

We created Chime because we believe everyone deserves financial peace of mind. By eliminating unnecessary fees and helping people grow their savings automatically, we've empowered millions of Americans to take control of their finances.

Chime is the largest and fastest-growing U.S. player in the challenger-banking space. Through our banking partners, we offer access to bank accounts with fee-free overdraft, provide members the chance to receive early access to their paychecks, help them improve their credit, and more!

We've built one of the most experienced leadership teams in Fintech and were recently valued at over $14.5B. We've raised over $1B in funding from leading investors including DST, Coatue, Tiger Global, General Atlantic, Iconiq, Dragoneer, Menlo, Whale Rock, Access, Forerunner, Crosslink, Cathay, aCrew, and others.

What we offer
Competitive salary based on experience
401k match plus the usual medical, dental, vision, life, and disability benefits
Quarterly stipend to spruce up your home office
Generous vacation policy and company-wide Take Care of Yourself Days
Virtual events to connect with your fellow Chimers- think cooking classes, music festivals, mixology classes, paint nights, etc., and delicious snack boxes, too!
A challenging and fulfilling opportunity to join one of the most experienced teams in FinTech and help create a completely new kind of banking service
We know that great work comes from great, and inclusive teams. At Chime, we specifically look for individuals of varying strengths, skills, backgrounds, and ideas. We believe this gives us a competitive advantage to better serve our members and helps us all grow as Chimers and individuals.

We hire candidates of any race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, Veteran status, and any other status. Chime is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To learn more about how Chime collects and uses your personal information during the application process, please see the Chime Applicant Privacy Notice.",4.8,"Chime
4.8","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
269,Data Analyst - Customer Experience,"$85k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Us

Launched in 2011, Twitch is a global community that comes together each day to create multiplayer entertainment: unique, live, unpredictable experiences created by the interactions of millions. We bring the joy of co-op to everything, from casual gaming to world-class esports to anime marathons, music, and art streams. Twitch also hosts TwitchCon, where we bring everyone together to celebrate, learn, and grow their personal interests and passions. We're always live at Twitch. Stay up to date on all things Twitch on LinkedIn, Twitter and on our Blog.

About the Role

Twitch is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to join a small but agile team. You will work with the Customer Experience organization to lead thought, process and insight leadership. You will report into the Head of Customer Experience and will lead insight generation to inform our continuous improvement efforts and provide guidance on prioritization of improvement efforts multiple internal product or engineering teams.

As a Data Analyst in Customer Experience at Twitch, you will be on the ground floor with the Customer Experience team, shaping the way we work with the product teams, defining what questions are asked, and scaling analytics methods and tools to support our growing business. Additionally, you will help support the vision for Customer Experience and solutions architecture for data related voice of the customer constructs.. You are paving the way for high-quality, high velocity insight to support large-scale growth.

You Will:
Build Voice of the Customer reports and dashboards to communicate health of the customer experience across all company partners and senior leadership.
Collaboratively establish causal impact and incremental value of continuous improvement programs and report the total value across multiple cuts of data
Produce insights rapidly & periodically so teams can act on it with minimal lag
Produce custom deep-dive analyses outside the periodic insights process
Contribute to data pipelining, from data preparation to analysis to deployment and work with associated engineering teams and 3rd party measurement partners
Support efforts to resolve data quality issues by identifying the root-causes and presenting potential solutions.
Identify data automation opportunities and manage projects to refine the process by getting hands-on with the data stack and working with associated engineering teams
Work with other analysts to ensure data integrity and quality, and produce high-quality white papers to present and circulate across the organization
You Have:
4+ years of industry experience in a relevant field
Expert SQL skills-your ability to tap into our data pipeline will be key to your success
Experience using data to produce insight and achieve our goals
Fluency in data analysis and communication around data, including time series analysis, experimentation, forecasting, data visualization, and defining Goal strategy for your business
Perks
Medical, Dental, Vision & Disability Insurance
401(k)
Maternity & Parental Leave
Flexible PTO
Commuter Benefits
Amazon Employee Discount
Monthly Contribution & Discounts for Wellness Related Activities & Programs (e.g., gym memberships, off-site massages, etc.)
Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner Served Daily
Free Snacks & Beverages

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.4,"Twitch
3.4","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
270,Data Analyst,"$48k-$88k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Req ID: 101396

NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a Data Analyst to join our team in Falls Church, Virginia (US-VA), United States (US).

Job Responsibilities Include:

Data migration strategies/approach [analyze/define/build/test]
Familiar with Agile methodology, discovery phase project management process (Discovery Phase project development process includes defining the purpose, requirements gathering, sitemap, architecture build specifics, value proposition, and overall project delivery)
Data analysis of legacy systems and assist with the preparation of a physical data model;
Collect business rules from functional consultants/business users to form the mapping rules
Work closely with business users to fill in data templates; explain technical data issues
Identification of data quality (data inconsistencies/data duplication) issues
Fine tuning the data loaders to achieve the best performance
Perform unit testing and integration testing
Responsible for coordinating activities related to infrastructure implementation. Involves a high degree of activities with Systems Integration.
Reviews all technical and architectural design from the SI
Ensures that SI adheres to standards and practices
Schedules and facilitates all meetings of review committees that may be required
Plans for and ensures that infrastructure resources are available for ongoing project activities and for production operations
Accountable for team deployment, execution of project deliverables and the achievement of customer satisfaction.

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum of 6 years' experience with data extraction, data cleansing, data mapping, data harmonization, data enrichment, data consolidation, data loading and data reconciliation
Minimum of 5 years' experience with Case Management
BS/BA in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Business, Physical Science, or other technology-related discipline.
US Citizenship

INDPUBLIC

About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.

NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran-status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law.",3.4,"NTT DATA Corporation
3.4","Falls Church, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1967,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
271,Data Analyst,"$46k-$88k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About adMarketplace
With 20 years of search marketing expertise our goal is to add value to every search. On the simplest level we are the largest consumer search technology platform outside of Google and Bing. adMarketplace delivers incremental search traffic across native channels, including mobile apps, consumer sites, and browsers. Our technology enables audiences to skip search results pages and navigate directly to trusted sites in moments of intent. As well as driving incremental reach we are also market leaders in terms of privacy and performance.

The Role
We have a fantastic opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our growing team. The right person will be a champion of big data who can extrapolate big ideas from data analysis. You will support key projects to deliver scalable solutions that tackle our biggest business challenges.

What You'll Do:
Synthesize raw data into actionable insights to drive business results, identify key trends and opportunities for business teams and report the findings in a simple, compelling way
Develop a deep knowledge of data, partner with business leads to provide data sets and ad hoc reporting to solve day-to-day issues or answer key questions from our business teams
Work closely with product analyst team to support data projects of varying degrees of scale
Build reports and dashboards via our new business intelligence platform
Qualifications:
BA/BS degree or equivalent, (Math, Statistics, CS, Engineering background preferred); 1-2 years of relevant experience
Able to organize large data sets to answer critical questions, extrapolate trends, and tell a story
Highly proficient knowledge of Excel (pivot tables, VLOOKUP, formulas, functions)
Experience with SQL and databases
Python and scripting languages is a plus
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Able to understand key business drivers; strong attention to detail combined with an ability to see the big picture
Eagerness to learn and grow professionally
Interest and/or experience in advertising a plus",4.1,"adMarketplace
4.1","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
272,Sr Data & Reporting Analyst - HR,-1,"Sr Analyst - Data & Reporting*
At a Glance*
A Sr Analyst - Data & Reporting who has experience in both data collection and analysis, and managing large to small scale projects from beginning to end.
You have been involved in Analytics/Projects through data collection, analysis, distribution, making recommendations to the business as it relates to business operations, and implementing process improvements.
You have experience utilizing Excel to answer questions for the business, perform audits on different data sets, and identify anomalies found within the data.
You excel at building relationships within a large matrixed organization and enjoy working with all levels of business partners. Your strong interpersonal soft skills allow you to be an effective member of any team.
Who are you?*
The Sr Analyst - Data and Reporting will be able to think critically and make suggestions for process improvements, presenting and tracking data, etc. for the HR function within Field Operations.
Demonstrate a consultative and client-oriented approach to HR data analysis and interpretation to be able to tell a story.
Strong PowerPoint building and presentations skills to be able to define story context and deliver business recommendations.
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.
Identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
The Sr Analyst will identify trends and occurrences in data and translate findings into various mediums including text, charts, graphs, displays and tables.
Produce ad hoc reports to answer business questions quickly and thoroughly.
Define, document, implement and track process flows for processes, procedures, and policies for the department.
Interact with internal teams to ensure systems/tools are in accordance with business processes and rules; adjust systems/documentation accordingly.
Perform a cross-functional role to facilitate business process changes with stakeholders in other departments; work with stakeholders to support the integration of new processes, into existing operations.
The Sr Analyst - Data and Reporting will audit and recommend updates to existing methods, procedures and process documentation on an as needed basis for the HR team.
Participate in process requirements, planning and validation through operational testing to ensure plan changes meet business sponsor needs.
Support testing and roll out of all projects/process improvements that impact the HR department.
Understand policies, procedures and practices for analysis of business performance and impact.
Customizing communications for various audiences
Perform other duties as requested by management.
What does it take?*
Skills/Abilities and Knowledge
Ability to read, write, speak and understand English
Maintain working knowledge of all HR areas (i.e., Talent Acquisition, Training, Compensation)
Knowledge of database/reporting systems
Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills
Strong interpersonal skills
Ability to self-train and pick up new skills quickly
Advanced skills using PC software applications (Access, Excel, PowerPoint)
Ability to create and maintain spreadsheets
Commitment to quality service through appropriate follow through, urgency and persistence
Strong analytical skills and the ability to present information in an understandable format
Ability to effectively consult with department managers and business leaders
Strong attention to detail and ability to problem solve
Ability to prioritize and organize effectively
Education*
Bachelor’s degree in Business or related field or equivalent experience
Related Work Experience*
5+ years of Business Analyst/Data Analyst experience
2+ years of HRIS and Applicant Tracking System experience
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS*
_Related Work Experience_
Working knowledge of HRMS database systems (PeopleSoft and BrassRing)
1+ years of experience with data collection and database design experience
1+ years of experience in managing HR related projects
WORKING CONDITIONS*
Office environment

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
The health and safety of our employees and candidates is very important to us. Spectrum has adopted virtual mobile recruiting tools that allow us to continue meeting new candidates. We look forward to “virtually” meeting you.

Company's website:
https://jobs.spectrum.com/job/stamford/sr-analyst-data-and-reporting/4673/17178201
Work Remotely:
No",3.0,"Spectrum Communications
3.0","Stamford, CT",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1979,Company - Private,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
273,"Analyst, Data Engineering","$32k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description:

Job Summary

The main responsibility of the Analyst, Advanced Analytics is to apply sophisticated modeling and other advanced analytic techniques to help guide our clients’ media spending plans and make their investments more efficient. This position will be charged with designing/developing the analytic processes and execution ongoing. In addition to the technical aspects required, it will involve cultivating and maintaining effective working relationships with a variety of parties including the clients, internal stakeholders (e.g. Brand and Activation), 3rd-party vendors, external clients, and operational areas within Horizon.

We are looking for someone who is intellectually curious with the drive and experience to identify, frame and solve business problems. They must be a critical thinker who can provide creative strategic solutions and who can follow-through with flawless execution. Critical to the role is the ability to provide thought leadership that can drive our capabilities through analytic innovations.

The ideal candidate will be a clear and persuasive communicator who thrives in a highly collaborative team environment and has the ability to guide solutions for ever-evolving real-time problem sets. Above all, the Analyst / Senior Analyst, Advanced Analytics must be highly driven with an exceptional work ethic, determination to overcome complex challenges, and must have a desire to have huge impact on the business.

50% of the time for this position will be devoted to analytics for a key major client vertical. This part of the position will be charged with aiding in the development of unique analyses and applications targeted against that part of our business. The other half of time will be devoted to direct client analytics, requiring a diverse set of problem-solving capabilities.

Main Duties and Responsibilities
70% Development and Enhancement of data and analytics capabilities
Assist in modeling and analytic efforts to provide insights into media planning and buying.
Constantly look for ways to improve the usage of Horizon’s existing data and analytics infrastructure.
Work with stakeholders to improve current analytic processes, and develop new capabilities that set us apart in the marketplace.
Use automation and technology to increase efficiency and to provide the infrastructure to scale.
Bring an “outside in perspective” to analytic development; explore, identify and assess external best practices - and translate to the relevant application internally.
30% Cultivating and maintaining effective working relationships- internally and externally
Establish and maintain excellent working relationship with key functional areas, as well as HMI Analytics and other stakeholders throughout Horizon.
Act as a liaison between the Analytics team and the internal Brand, Activation and Operational areas.
Extensive brand team and client interaction and day-to-day management.
Supervisory Responsibilities

N/A

Knowledge and Skills Required
0-2 years of experience required in the Advanced Analytics realm, preferably in media or an adjacent field.
High-end marketing response modeling expertise (e.g. MMM) mandatory.
Bachelor’s degree required.
Excellent problem solving skills and a dogged determination to work an issue through to its satisfying conclusion are both a must.
Ability to generate clear, concise and comprehensive analyses that tell the story behind the data!
Business acumen – understands the strategic levers of the business and how analytics is a catalyst for decision making.
Demonstrated ability to be creative; to put structure around vague and unstructured requests/discussions.
Consulting skills – can explore business view and work with them to develop mutually owned solution; can solve problems in complex situations using creative and conceptual reasoning.
Persistence: Demonstrate tenacity and willingness to go the distance to get new things done.
Comfortable in dealing with ambiguity and managing change, plus the capacity to move through road-blocks with enthusiasm and alacrity.
Strong verbal communication skills, extremely well-organized.
Analytical mindset with knowledge and passion for media, data and technology.
Creative thinker that is willing to challenge the norm to improve analytic processes.
Proactive individual with strong problem solving skills and an entrepreneurial spirit.
Collaborative, can-do attitude a must.
Pragmatic – seeks and develops solutions understanding and communicating the relevance to others.
Ability to translate technical subject matter into relatable business terminology and respond to unexpected questions on the spot.
Proven effectiveness in managing business relationships.
Experience in fast-paced environment, possessing the ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously.
Deep expertise in advertising platforms and/or the ad tech industry preferred.
Programming/scripting experience a plus (R, Python).
General Business Intelligence software expertise.
Exposure to large data sets (“big data”) and analysis thereof a major plus.
Certificates, licenses and registrations

N/A

Physical Activity and Work Environment

N/A

The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees, and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the employer.",4.0,"Horizon Media
4.0","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
274,Data Analyst,"$33k-$63k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Law360, a LexisNexis company, is an online newswire for business lawyers that covers major litigation, transactions, and regulatory issues. Founded in 2004 and acquired by LexisNexis in 2012, Law360 is a cutting-edge organization and one of the fastest-growing subscription news services in the U.S. Our subscribers include the largest law firms in the U.S. and around the world, in-house counsel at major corporations, and key decision-makers in the government sector.

Law360, a LexisNexis company, is seeking qualified candidates for the position of Data Analyst to join our newsroom.

The Data Analyst will be part of a growing team in our Law360 newsroom, helping to implement surveys and rankings of law firms that support our efforts to report on the legal industry. The Data Analyst will support the accurate, timely, relevant and efficient delivery of that research, and would work collaboratively with editors, reporters and graphic designers to analyze the results of the team’s surveys. The analyst will also work on data management, cleaning and verification. The analyst will employ statistical methods to help improve analyses and data usage. Training will be provided.

Primary Duties/Responsibilities:
Help conduct surveys and interviews.
Help develop the methodologies used in annual reports and rankings from survey data.
Collaborate with editors on research projects, based on surveys and publicly available data.
Help create data visualizations based on surveys and publicly available data.
Participate in drafting and presenting key research findings to reporters and editors.
Combine, clean and verify data from multiple sources.
Help manage our data set. Work with a wide range of stakeholders in Editorial and IT with regard to data management.
Basic Requirements:
1+ years of related experience, including in data management, cleaning, and analysis. Relevant coursework may count toward this experience.
Preferred Requirements:
Previous expertise using quantitative analytical tools.
Advanced Excel skills (e.g., Pivot Tables).
Familiarity with R programming, Tableau and/or Python a plus.
Previous working experience with data visualization techniques. Tableau experience preferred.
Previous experience working with data of varying quality and from varying sources.
Ability to communicate complex ideas to a wide range of audiences.
Legal industry research experience preferred but not required.
A good teammate, collaborator and relationship builder who can also work independently.
RSRLNLP

Law360 offices are located in NYC, Washington DC, and Los Angeles. We offer a casual and flexible work environment, comprehensive benefits (including; medical, dental, generous paid time off, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, and a pre-tax commuter program), and competitive salary.

Portfolio Media Inc.is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com.

Please read our Candidate Privacy Policy",3.9,"LexisNexis Legal & Professional
3.9","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1818,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
275,Data Analyst,-1,"Careem is the internet platform for the greater Middle East region. A pioneer of the region's ride-hailing economy, Careem is expanding services across its platform to become the region's everyday Super App. Careem's mission is to simplify and improve the lives of people and build an awesome organisation that inspires. Established in July 2012, Careem operates in over 100 cities across 13 countries and has created more than one million employment opportunities in the region. Careem became a wholly owned subsidiary of Uber Technologies, Inc. in January 2020. www.careem.com

Role Summary


This position requires a person with strong analytical mindset that enjoys working directly with business units providing innovative solutions that answer key business questions.

In this role you will be assigned to a business unit and eventually grow into a subject matter expert for that area of business.

You will act as the main point of contact and will be responsible for fulfilling all analytical needs for the designated business unit.

This means you will be creating reports/dashboards as well as providing answers to ad-hoc queries by utilizing engineering best practices that complement and enhance existing reporting architecture.

Key responsibilities
Act as the first point of contact to answer all business data queries
Develop effective reporting solutions by utilizing engineering best practices and using various BI tools
Participate in continuous improvement of these reporting solutions
Drive and support your designated business unit by converting complex data and findings into understandable tables, graphs and written reports
Present appropriate analysis and commentary to technical and non-technical audience
Gain subject matter expertise and help define appropriate key metrics for the business unit and discover untapped areas for business improvement
Provide concrete data-driven insights
Test and communicate new features to users
Run regular data integrity audits
Devise and evaluate methods for collecting data, such as surveys, questionnaires, and opinion polls
Gather data about consumers, competitors and market conditions
Qualifications
Demonstrated experience working in an analytical role
Demonstrated experience with business intelligence and visualization tools creating management dashboards
Strong analytical skills and a passion to work with large sets of data
Passionate about learning new technologies and working on a product of massive scale and impact
Expert at writing SQL queries against large amounts of data
Self-starter with excellent communication and organizational skills
Ability to get hands-on in a complex operational environment
Must be process orientated and a logical thinker with good attention to detail
Experience with Tableau, MicroStrategy or Looker is a plus
Experience in ETL/ELT is a plus
Experience working with dimensional data, data lakes is a plus
Experience working with MPP databases like Redshift is a plus
Experience in Python, R, Spark, Hive is a plus.",3.9,"Careem
3.9",United States,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
276,Data Analyst,-1,"Requirements:
Candidate must be experienced working in projects involving SAS
Other ideal qualifications include experiences in:
• SAS (Base SAS)
• Teradata
SAS EG
• Experience with text analytics and access methods for semi-structured and unstructured data.
• Understands where to obtain information needed to make the appropriate decisions
• Demonstrates ability to break down a problem to manageable pieces and implement effective, timely solutions
• Identifies the problem versus the symptom
• Manages problems that require involvement of others to solve
• Reaches sound decisions quickly
• Carefully evaluates alternative risks and solutions before taking action
• Optimizes the use of all available resources
• Develops solutions to meet business needs that reflect a clear understanding of the objectives, practices and procedures of the corporation, department and business unit

Skills:
• The Candidate must have 4-6 yrs of experience in SAS especially in the DW/BI area.
•Exceptionally strong analytical and problem solving skills.
•Strong experience with ETL methods and with retrieving data from dimensional data models and data warehouses.
•Strong experience with relational databases and data access methods, especially SQL.
•Excellent collaboration and cross-functional leadership skills.
•Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.
•Ability to manage multiple initiatives and priorities in a fast-paced collaborative environment.
•Ability to leverage data assets to respond to complex questions that require timely answe

Job Segment:
Database, Developer, Business Intelligence, Data Warehouse, SQL, Technology",3.6,"LTI
3.6",United States,-1,10000+ Employees,1997,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
277,Data Analyst,-1,"Job Description


Job Title: Data Analyst

Client: State of Arkansas, Department of Health

Location: Onsite – Little Rock, Arkansas

This is a contract position in Data Analysis. You will be responsible for data cleanup and analysis of covid related data.

Must have:
Excel experience
Data Analysis experience (trends, thresholds, queries, etc)
Data Cleanup experience
Data entry experience
Be able to work Monday through Friday, 8am-4:30pm with possible weekend work
What you will need to be successful in this role:
Strong Excel and data analysis experience
Strong attention to detail
Ability to handle confidential information with discretion and professionalism
Some understanding of medical terms and terminology is preferred but not required


Sounds Great, Right? Here’s What’s Next

Apply online and our team will contact you ASAP to discuss further!

A Little About Us

Learn about TalenTrust – helping clients find, keep and grow the best people

Read This New Book: Solve the People Puzzle

TalenTrust and our partners are Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employers and welcome all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic data, or religion or other legally protected status.",3.4,"Talentrust
3.4","Little Rock, AR",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
278,Junior Inventory / Data Analyst,"$24k-$42k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Summary *
Position is responsible for assisting the Inventory Manager & purchasing team by utilizing various reports and industry knowledge to analyze large sets of data in an effort to make stocking recommendations for company-owned store group as well as other warehouse locations.
General Functions*
· Present inventory analysis using a variety of databases/reports to suggest recommendations to appropriate management staff.

· Manipulate data in an effort to streamline the way in which inventory is managed as well as purchased.

· Provide regular and specialized inventory analysis and reporting for management via internal software programs.

· Take initiative in identifying and resolving issues pertaining to inventory levels and purchasing habits.

· Collaborate with team members to prepare for strategy meetings.

· Accurately complete all tasks within given time constraints

Accurately complete all tasks within given time constraints
Requirements*
· Two or four year college degree, or equivalent work experience required

· Strong analytical, quantitative, and analysis skills

· Excellent problem solving skills and strong attention to detail

· Strong computer skills; Extensive experience with Microsoft Office applications including MSWord, Power Point; intermediate to advance Excel skills required.

· Access database knowledge is extremely helpful.

· Ability to independently develop new Excel models, charts and graphs, and procedures as necessary.

· Ability to work on multiple tasks at the same time.

· Solid written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal communication skills.

Knowledge of automotive aftermarket industry is a serious plus
Company Information*
We are a supplier of automotive parts and accessories with a history in the automotive aftermarket industry dating back to 1958. Our company is comprised of full service warehouses, pick-up warehouse and retail stores that distribute parts within a fifteen state geographical reach from Midwest through the Northeast and down to the Mid-Atlantic states.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
inventory/data analyst: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Associate (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.hahnauto.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",3.4,"Hahn Automotive Warehouse, Inc.
3.4","Rochester, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Automotive Parts & Accessories Stores,Retail,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
279,MIM - Senior Data Analyst – Data Operations & Pricing team,"$64k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","MIM - Senior Data Analyst – Data Operations & Pricing team


Philadelphia

Apply now

Refer someone

We are looking for a Senior Data Analyst to join our Data Operations & Pricing team in Philadelphia. This is an opportunity for a motivated candidate looking to continue a career in investment operations and work on security and pricing data for Macquarie’s Mutual and Institutional Funds. The Data Operations & Pricing team is responsible for security master maintenance and pricing oversight of all positions in Macquarie’s investment book of records (IBOR). Additionally, the team oversees data maintenance and fidelity over 3rd party data vendors (Reuters, Bloomberg). The team also assists in research and resolution of data analytics and updates to security masters. The right candidate for this role will quickly develop into owning and managing the ongoing data governance execution for Macquarie Investment Management.

We’re looking for someone with 5 -7 years of Investment Industry experience with at least 2 year of Data Management & security pricing experience. You’ll bring a practical, pragmatic, hands on approach, with strong focus on delivery and outcomes.

Your key responsibilities will include:
reconciliation & review of daily vendor pricing files
security Master set up, maintenance & review in Aladdin
review and resolution of security master and data integrity reports in Aladdin
Aladdin dashboard monitoring for trades & security master edits
Eagle-Pace load error resolution of data files
management of Data Operation & Pricing associate
resolution of Ad hoc questions from front office and Investment teams
About you
Understanding of asset management terminology and familiarity with investment instruments (including derivatives)
Experience and working knowledge of Bloomberg and security vendor pricing. (Reuters, ICE,etc)
Working knowledge of SQL Server and MS Mysql.
Experience and working knowledge of Blackrock’s Aladdin to include security master set up and maintenance.
Flexible schedule to provide coverage for both European Investment teams and a.m. US Investment teamsMacquarie Investment
Management is a global asset manager with offices throughout the US, Europe, Asia, and Australia. As active managers, we prioritize autonomy and accountability at the team level in pursuit of opportunities that matter for clients. Our conviction-based, long-term approach has led institutional and individual clients to entrust us to manage US$256.9 billion in assets as of Dec. 31, 2016. Macquarie Investment Management is a division of Macquarie Asset Management, a global asset manager with US$362.1 billion in assets under management as of Dec. 31, 2016.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

We recognise that flexibility comes in a variety of forms. Talk to us about what flexibility you need.",3.7,"Macquarie Group
3.7","Philadelphia, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
280,Data Analyst,"$78k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Skills:

Data management (ability to run and manage large data sets) - MUST HAVE

Statistics and statistical modeling - MUST HAVE

REDCap Experience. Research Electronic Data Capture (REDCap) is a secure, HIPAA-compliant, web-based system for building and managing web-based research projects such as surveys and databases- MUST HAVE

Epidemiology

Quantitative Analysis

Qualitative Research

Skills in SAS, Stata, IMP SPSS

Survey design

Experience:

7+ Years of experience in data analysis, project design/planning

Quantitative/statistical methods

Qualitative research methods/analysis

Medical and clinical protocol writing

Business strategy including marking research

Data collection and management

Project management

Data scraping/wrangling

Multivariate modeling, data visualization

Years of data warehouse experience (ETL processes and DW modeling)

Management experience on database driven applications implementation",3.6,"Altimetrik Corp
3.6","Santa Clara, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
281,Data Analyst,"$56k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst

PCG is searching for proven Data Analysts to define data requirements and functional specifications that will drive improved environment and analysis that align to business objectives.
Compensation: $80,000 to $120,000 Annually
Benefits Offered: Medical, Dental, Life, 401K
Employment Type: Full-Time
IDEAL CANDIDATE
3+ years’ experience in, data cleanup, report definition and development and backend database transactions
Skilled with several of the following: Access, Excel, SQL, Dynamics SL, Dynamics, Epicor, and IQMS, Oracle, MatLab, Tablean, and Queries
Solid analytical, quantitative and problem-solving skills, with the ability to use statistical analysis and modeling
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILTIES
Take data in existing access database and clean and update the data
Determine functionality of current system and business processes for both current and future state
Assess current situation of the state of the information in the access database, solidify requirements, provide a resolution, and execute solution
Take multiple opinions and guide teams to a common ground
Code reviews and feedback
Requirements definition/ documentation
Lead requirements gathering sessions using multiple techniques
Implement new technologies
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
BS or AA in computer science or equivalent related work experience
Demonstrated excellence in data manipulation and data visualization skills
Excellent communication, time management, and teamwork skills
Experience with data cleansing, data conversion and ETL initiatives
Proficient with multiple scripting languages, version-control systems
Data validation, testing, and impact analysis experience
Experience with security and related issues, solutions and technologies
Excellent system-level thinking and the ability to move up and down the stack",4.4,"Project Consulting Group
4.4","Minneapolis, MN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
282,Data Analyst,"$40k-$73k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Published Job Title:
Data Analyst - Service Operations

Location:
BRKFD-Brookfield

Position:
MAF006-Data Analyst

Job Summary::

Milwaukee Tool's service experience is a customer expectation and a competitive advantage. As Service grows larger and faster and is more data-driven, we are seeking a Data Analyst to support our operations and innovations.

This position will be tightly integrated with all operational and commercial aspects of Service, as well as its support functions like Finance, Supply Chain, and others. In addition to creating and deploying ""single source of truth"" analytics, this role will use its knowledge of the Service business and operations to accurately articulate past and present performance, project future activities and results, identify new business and operational opportunities, and provide early warning of issues or concerns. As such, we want a Data Analyst who is business savvy, detail oriented, entrepreneurial, and who won't allow the status-quo to impede on innovation.

The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate experience in:
Effectively communicating and interacting with business and technical personnel in evaluating and solving complex business problems.
Reviewing historical results and trends, current performance, and future projections and forecasts to develop clear, accurate, and repeatable business models.
Analyzing and researching opportunities for improvement, and clearly documenting action steps for desired change.
Interacting with multiple locations, business units, and cross-functional teams to drive consistency and standardization across the enterprise.
Leveraging both new and existing technologies to create reports, dashboards, scorecards, and visualizations that clearly measure KPIs. Teaching end-users how to interpret and use to maximum effect.
Working with the end users to understand requirements, formulate use cases, and translate needs into effective solutions.
Education and experience requirements:
Requires a Bachelor's Degree in mathematics, statistics, computer/data science, supply chain, or economics.
Minimum 1 years' experience working with data warehouses, data visualization techniques, & BI development tools.
Experience working in service or manufacturing environments is preferred.
Expert-level knowledge of Microsoft Suite, including Excel, VBA, & PowerPivot.
Advanced-level knowledge of SQL Server and relational data.
Experience with programming and computing languages; Power BI & R preferred.
Functional knowledge of corporate finances.
Oral and written communication skills for presentations to all levels of plant and management teams.
Occasional travel will be required, up to 10%-15%. Travel is generally domestic and short durations. Destinations can include Milwaukee Tool facilities as well as customer and supplier locations
Minimum Requirements::

Shift::
1st Shift

Full/Part Time:
Full-time

Pay Range::",4.6,"Milwaukee Tool
4.6","Brookfield, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1924,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
283,Data Analyst,"$45k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","With all the opportunities out there, what’s the best way to raise your game and up your impact? Put yourself on a team that’s doing incredible things with data to create incredible health care solutions across the globe. That’s no small thing. In fact it’s all about big data and big ideas. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, has more technology, greater data resources and far broader expertise than any competitor anywhere. And, with your data reporting and analysis expertise, you can make an impact that matters for more. In this role, you’ll design and architect data warehouse solutions while acting as a primary contributor in developing, testing and deploying key data warehouses or data marts, and you will be working with cutting edge technology. Apply today, and find out what it means to be a part of an organization with the support and resources of a Fortune 6 company.

Southwest Medical, part of OptumCare, is a multi-specialty group of physicians, Nurse Practitioners, and Physician Assistants consisting of over 300 providers, 21 medical health centers including six urgent care clinics, four convenient care centers, two lifestyle centers catering to older adults, an outpatient surgery center, home health, hospice and palliative care services, plus E-visits and online options via Now Clinic telemedicine technology. Southwest Medical offers patients compassion, innovation, and quality care throughout southern Nevada. Southwest Medical is headquartered in the greater Las Vegas, NV area.

Primary Responsibilities:

Organizes sorts and filters data in order to distinguish patterns and recognize trends
Develops and maintains data preparation and validation routines to support data mining and has experience in creating complex data mining algorithms
Use advanced statistical and inferential analysis programs to provide specialized data analysis
Selects, recommends and applies appropriate analytic and statistical methodologies and techniques to execute against an analysis plan or research objectives
Evaluates new analytics tools and methodologies for possible deployment
Creates data warehouses/marts and/or develops data mining analyses to support business decisions
Solves moderately complex problems and/or conducts moderately complex analyses
Works with minimal guidance; seeks guidance on only the most complex tasks
Translates concepts into practice
Provides explanations and information to others on difficult issues
Coaches, provides feedback, and guides others
Acts as a resource for others with less experience

You'll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:

Undergraduate degree or High School Diploma/GED and 4 years additional experience as stated in each bullet point below.
3+ years of experience working with end users of data
3+ years of experience working with internal/external clients defining requirements
3+ years of database experience creating tables and writing stored procedures in SQL Server, Oracle, or an equivalent database.
Experience troubleshooting data reports for end users
Experience with a BI tool such as MicroStrategy or Tableau
You will be asked to perform this role in an office setting or other location, however, may be required to work from home temporarily due to space limitations.
If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or a similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. When in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are required to wear a mask in common areas. In addition, employees must comply with any state and local masking orders.

Preferred Qualifications:

Healthcare Industry experience
Experience in SDLC methodology such as Waterfall or Agile
Knowledge of HEDIS

Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.",3.4,"UnitedHealth Group
3.4","Las Vegas, NV",-1,10000+ Employees,1977,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10+ billion (USD),-1
284,Data Analyst,"$59k-$72k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Foundation Finance:

Foundation Finance Company (FFC) is one of the fastest-growing consumer finance companies in the U.S. We work with home improvement contractors nationwide to help them close more sales through the use of flexible financing plans. FFC's full-spectrum lending approach has driven billions in originations and helped many customers make needed improvements to their homes. We're making big investments in both infrastructure and employee talent to keep up with our growth, so the time is right to join our team! It's a fast-paced environment with room to advance. We offer a competitive salary, medical/dental/vision benefits, 401(k) with company match, a casual dress work environment and much, much, more.

To learn more, check us out on Facebook at ""Foundation Finance Company Careers."" If you think you have what it takes to help our team succeed then apply today!

Data Analyst Description & Duties:

We are looking for a strong analyst to help drive profitable growth by leveraging data and analytics. This is a hands-on role requiring technical skills to query and manipulate data to develop data-driven reports and recommendations. The analyst will have a wide range of exposure to loan originations and servicing areas in consumer lending. The analyst will on a regular basis present reports, findings and recommendations to senior management to improve business strategies and practices

Duties may include, but are not limited to:
Dive into data and quickly become an expert on internal and non-traditional data sets. Maintain data and file integrity. Improve existing data query scripts and develop new ones as needed.
Create user-friendly reports and Tableau visualizations for staff and management. Enhance existing and build new Tableau dashboards as needed.
Track, review, manage and audit software development projects, particularly from database access and usage perspectives.
Work with staff, managers and executives on analytic projects and develop data-driven solutions and recommendations.
The Ideal Candidate:

Applicants must be reliable, dynamic, sociable and enthusiastic team players; while possessing a positive ""can-do"" attitude, excellent judgement and communication skills. Applicants must also have great attention to detail and ability to multi-task under the stress of deadlines with a strong desire to help the organization succeed.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Finance, Business, Economics or related field.
Hands-on familiarity with SQL data querying, coding experience and understanding of basic coding syntax.
Advanced Excel skills to create/edit pivot tables, understand/create/manipulate database formulas, create/modify macros (VBA knowledge preferred), adjust formatting to create professional reports.
Advanced data visualization skills, preferably with Tableau.
Must have the ability to research, think through and solve technical and analytic problems.
Strong communication skills, attention to detail, analytical curiosity is required.
Working Conditions:

Office environment with significant time spent sitting, typing and talking on the telephone.

Foundation Finance Company provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",4.8,"Foundation Finance
4.8","Weston, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
285,Data Analyst,"$32k-$63k
(Glassdoor Est.)",".

Do you dare to reinvent the future of education?


At Cengage, we are harnessing the power of tech to build a future where all learners have the tools and confidence to achieve their goals.

As a Cengage employee, you will blaze a new trail to transform the way people learn. Collaborating with the best of the best, you will feel challenged and inspired to do breakthrough work. With the support of our united team, there is no limit to what you can imagine, create and set in motion.

Are we right for you?


We set the bar higher by bringing our unique talents and point of view to the table every day. We are curious and comfortable with change and are willing to take risks to transform education. Most importantly, with everything we do, we put learning first.

What You'll Do Here:


The Data Analyst, Product Data Analytics will be responsible for delivering data-driven insights across the finance, product, strategy, technology, and legal groups designed to significantly improve Cengage’s Higher Education and Skills product and content development. The Data Analyst will be a critical contributor to the team, focusing on deriving business outcomes from data, driving improvements in data quality, building out new proof of concepts, engaging and communicating analysis to cross-functional teams, and providing analytic and operational support to multiple areas.Cengage Learning is a collaborative environment. This role will bring data-first thinking to projects that are transformational in nature. The right candidate will possess strategic thinking, effective problem structuring, proven analytical skills, and an ability to influence within diverse teams.

This position is full-time, on-site in one of the following locations: Boston, MA/Mason, OH/Clifton Park, NY.

· Form a deep understanding of Cengage Learning’s product data, processes, systems and tools, while shaping workflow best practices and improving data integrity· Assist in structuring and executing operational and strategic initiatives by gathering and synthesizing relevant data, leading analyses, and developing final recommendations and documentation· Drive analysis to recommendations to meaningful operating results, such as higher quality, faster cycle times, less costly, etc.· Capture and communicate findings within broader project structure; maintain healthy project management practices, including work plan development and trackingTo successfully accomplish the above, engage with and on cross-functional teams

Skills You Will Need Here:


· BA/BS with high proven achievement· Minimum 3 years of experience working directly with complex data systems · Demonstrated ability to conceive and execute quantitative analysis and deliver data-driven insights· Outstanding organizational skills and a very strong attention to detail· Demonstrated writing and verbal presentation skills enabling her/him to prepare and present information and recommendations to a diverse and often senior audience· Proven commitment to providing excellent customer service to internal and external stakeholders; demonstrated willingness to take ownership of customer issues and see them through to resolution· Collaborative problem solving and working style to drive change through influence· Able to self-manage progress against milestones and deliverables with a high degree of accountability and personal urgency· Advanced skills with Microsoft Office Suite of systems, particularly MS Excel and MS Access

Preferred Skills/Knowledge/Experience:· Experience with successfully navigating and driving change in complex organizations· Experience with successfully implementing strategic initiatives; collecting, analyzing, and synthesizing large datasets to identify problems and propose solutions · Prior experience in the publishing or technology industries is beneficial",4.0,"Cengage
4.0","Clifton Park, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
286,Senior Analyst/Data Scientist,"$141k-$225k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Edmunds were driven to make car buying easier. Ever since we began publishing printed car guides in the 60s, the company has been in the business of trust, innovating ways to empower and support car shoppers. When Edmunds launched the car industrys first Internet site in 1994, we established a leadership position online and have never looked back. Now, as one of the most trusted review sites on the Internet, millions of visitors use our research, shopping and buying tools every month to make an easy and informed decision on their next car. For consumers, we bring peace of mind. For dealers, we make tools to help them solve their problems and sell more cars. How do we do it, you ask? The key ingredients are our enthusiastic employees, progressive company culture and cutting-edge technology. Want to join the team? Read on to find out how!

What Youre Applying For:

Edmunds is seeking a skilled, creative and enthusiastic Senior Analyst/Data Scientist experienced in generating actionable insights from large sets of data, measuring business performance, and identifying areas of growth and optimization using advanced analytical (modeling, machine learning) and experimental approaches.

The ideal candidate is also a natural problem-solver that enjoys working with large data sets and is proactive in exploring database tables and using data to make clear and convincing business cases.

The analyst will play a crucial role in supporting our Tier 1 team by developing, improving, and maintaining digital advertising revenue forecasts & models, monitoring major KPIs, and understanding impact to other areas of the business. This person will be expected to understand the details and complexity of the companys digital advertising revenue to ensure that the executive team has a clear and accurate pulse of the business, and recommend action plans to optimize against the companys revenue goals, and identifying areas of optimization and growth by extracting insights through modeling, testing and experimentation.

In addition, this person will be expected to take ownership of projects to continually improve reporting quality through automation. This person will also be expected to promote the use of self-service analytic tools across internal clients, and provide training for these tools.

This individual will be tasked to work cross-functionally with Product, Sales, Ad Operations, and Paid Media teams to optimize digital advertising products and revenue through A/B testing and experimentation, measuring and uncovering results based on changes to website traffic & consumer site behaviors, and recommending areas of paid marketing spend.

The right candidate will have experience working across business and functional boundaries, partnering with internal clients to provide decision-making support through analytic insights.

This is a great opportunity for an individual with significant business acumen that is interested in playing with the wealth of structured and unstructured data that is available within the car buying ecosystem. Curiosity and business intellect a must.

What Youll Do:
Develop, evaluate, refine, and automate analytic models using data to address business needs, and identify areas of optimization and growth
Prepare visualizations of data in order to explain and persuade
Design, conduct and lead complex analyses that mine, extract, track, report and analyze performance metrics
Provide recommendations to key stakeholders and support the business need
Create and produce forecasts, reports, ad hoc requests, dashboards, etc. utilizing our data warehouse and other data source systems and summarize your findings
Interact with multiple teams in different departments and define requirements for reporting
Challenges:
Edmunds is a fast growing and innovative company. Qualified candidate should possess strong project management skills, and an ability to multitask and balance competing priorities
What You Need:
Strong analytical and data mining skills
Excellent data extraction and manipulation skills - SQL experience required
Strong data modeling / statistical analysis / predictive modeling experience required (R and/or Python)
Excellent presentation and communication skills
Exposure to BI tools such as Tableau is a plus
Bachelors degree in a quantitative field, such as mathematics, statistics, physics, computer science, business analytics, etc. with at least 5 years of relevant and progressively complex work experience
Working @ Edmunds.com:

Employees think its a pretty great place to work and some pretty impressive publications think it is too: we have been recognized as one of the best places to work by the Fortune Magazine and Great Places to Work, LA Business Journal (for the last 6 years!), Computerworld, and Built in LA. We've also been identified as one of the best workplaces specifically in Technology and also for Diversity and Asian Americans. In fact, our CEO, Avi Steinlauf, was rated as one of Glassdoor's Highest Rated CEOs! If youre interested in learning more and joining our mission, wed love to hear from you!

Edmunds will consider for employment qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable laws.

*LI-POST",3.6,"Edmunds.com
3.6","Santa Monica, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1966,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
287,Senior Data Analyst,"$71k-$129k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Us

Today's economy requires business owners to adapt quickly and think on their feet. ShopKeep's software-first commerce solutions make that possible.

Our cloud-based point of sale, payment processing, flexible hardware, and business-friendly financing let owners start, run, and grow their businesses in person and online. They can manage inventory, optimize staffing, streamline their operations, and market to their customers from one intuitive dashboard.

We understand what it's like to run a business, because we've been helping business owners succeed for over a decade, and we share their mindset. ShopKeep, after all, is also a small business, born to give our peers the tools they need to dream big, fight smart, and succeed on their own terms.

Today that mission is more relevant than ever, driven by team members around the world. ShopKeep is headquartered in New York City, with offices in Portland, Chicago, and Belfast. We're innovators, technologists, and customer advocates who are obsessed with helping independent businesses survive and thrive.

About This Role

As a Senior Data Analyst you'll help leverage our vast amounts of data to inform actionable insights and data-driven decisions. We're a start-up with a huge opportunity in front of us and we are looking for an awesome person to join the Data team. We want someone who embraces aggressive goals, works hard to achieve them, thrives in uncertainty and brings passion to their work.

What You Will Do
Build and maintain new data models to answer questions and provide visibility for various teams throughout the organization
Make a measurable contribution to our internal analytics platform
Automate manual processes in order to increase efficiency and provide more time for analysis
Partner with business users to help them make smarter decisions
Analyze data to understand key trends and drivers of performance
Develop and present actionable insights to help inform decision-making
What You Need
3 - 5 years of experience working with large amounts of data, including building, managing and working with databases (SQL, Redshift, etc) and using analytical tools (Looker, Tableau, etc).
Advanced SQL skills
Demonstrated problem solving skills
Strong attention to detail and able to effectively prioritize and manage multiple priorities
Ability to navigate ambiguity and a strong drive to succeed
Ability to learn quickly and thrive in a fast-paced changing environment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Benefits


We provide the essentials…
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance
Flexible Paid Time Off (PTO)
Commuter Benefits
401k Match
...and the fun-damentals:
Lively and enriching Engineering culture
Regularly scheduled hackathons, meetups and Tech Talks
Opportunity to attend Engineering Conferences, thanks to our generous company conference budget
Newsletters produced by Engineering teams
Cross-office collaboration between our NYC and Belfast teams with the opportunity to travel to our different offices
Regular team events, including Happy Hours and Game Nights
Catered lunches
Break area to play and relax
Standing desks
Meditation Sessions
And more to come as we work on ideas to help us keep the community feel connected while working remote
ShopKeep is an Equal Opportunity Employer

We are an Equal Opportunities Employer. We don't discriminate based on gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, nationality, or any other individual characteristics. We practice equality of opportunity in employment and select the best person for the job.",3.5,"ShopKeep
3.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
288,Data Analyst - 100% REMOTE,-1,"Insight Global has 6 openings for *REMOTE Data Analysts *for one of our best clients!

*Position: * Data Analyst

*Location: 100% REMOTE*

*Openings*: 6

*Duration: * 5 months (possible extension)

*Start: * ASAP\*

*Required Experience: *
* At least 3 years of experience dealing with data
* PBM experience (if not PBM, experience with RX claims OR healthcare claims)
* Ideally experience mapping/converting/programming data

*Plusses: *

Anyone who had dealth with, Benefits Adminstrators (BAM), med D, medicaid, formulary, plan setup, prior authorization, or ETC.

Background in programming or developing

SQL, Access, or Ab Initio

*Daily Responsibilities: *
* Our client is preparing to support new clients that will go live with then on January 1st
* This group will be be taking data (claims history) from prior PBMs and making sure that the file is correct, loading correct data, and then making sure the updated selections are made.
* This group then maps or converts the data to RX claim systems which is used to onboard these new clients

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $25.00 - $35.00 per hour

Schedule:
* 8 hour shift
* Monday to Friday

Location:
* Chicago, IL (Preferred)

Work Location:
* Fully Remote",3.9,"Insight Global
3.9","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
289,Data Governance Analyst,"$44k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Governance Analyst will act as an intermediary between the business community and the technical community working with business clients, data stewards, and IT project teams to influence and drive our enterprise data governance program including data quality and data catalog implementation. The Data Governance Analyst will establish and ensure adherence to an enterprise data governance program framework for data policies, standards, and best practices. This role is data-centric and requires analysis and demonstrated knowledge in data governance and data quality to aid in building an enterprise data-driven culture.

Develop and maintain data governance policies, guidelines, standards, procedures, and communications in collaboration with data stewards and development teams.
Assist data stewards with the creation, documentation, and adherence of data governance standards.
Monitor and enforce compliance of data governance standards.
Participate in process mapping for data decision rights, and the development of business policies and practices for managing data.
Assist with the development and maintenance of data decision rights and stewardship.
Build partnerships with business stakeholders to anticipate opportunities for data management governance activities and projects.
Assist with the development and implementation of data quality standards, data protection standards and adoption requirements across the enterprise.
Assist in maintaining the business data catalog and ensuring data quality standards are met.
Maintain data governance processes and controls by working with project and business leaders to analyze the impact of future changes on critical data sources and mitigate any potential risks to data quality.
Estimate and assess impact of requested changes to assigned business stakeholders/systems.
Liaise with business systems stakeholders and software vendor’s implementation staff, ensuring alignment of business needs with delivery of systems changes.
Develop an understanding of operational needs to set the direction for the organization's workflows; proactively identify opportunities to improve business workflow with technology improvements.
Participate in training and work with end users.
Troubleshoot problems and questions.
Provide end-user support for data quality issues entered into issue tracking systems.
Review the status of projects and issues with project leadership.
Demonstrate flexibility with respect to changing end-user business needs.
Work within a cross-functional team.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Ability and willingness to take ownership of work activities and ensure that they are done in a timely, accurate and efficient manner.
Ability and willingness to recognize assignments or tasks that need to be completed, to seek out additional assignments or tasks and to help others.
Ability to communicate information clearly and concisely with project leadership, subject matter experts and key stakeholders.
Ability to persevere in difficult situations, overcome obstacles, and reach high levels of performance when faced with stressful work situations and time pressures.
Ability and willingness to learn new software applications.
Strong analytical skills, business intuition, and organizational ability.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, ability to operate in a cross functional and complex matrix environment.
Adaptable, open to change and able to work in ambiguous situations and respond to new information or unexpected circumstances.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to lift up to 10 pounds for approximately 5% of a typical working day.
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 90% of a typical working day.
Ability and means to travel between Madison locations.
Ability to travel 5% of working time away from work location, may include overnight/weekend travel.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/MIS or related field; or High School Degree/General Education Diploma and 4 years of relevant experience in lieu of Bachelor's degree.
2+ years of experience in a Data Governance, Data Management or data centric role.
2+ years of experience with the identification/documentation of Data Governance policies & standards across the enterprise data management practices.
Basic computer skills to include Internet navigation, Email usage, and word processing.
Proficient in Microsoft Office.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Preferred Qualifications
Professional working knowledge with Data Governance Principles.
Professional working knowledge with data management in a life sciences, healthcare or related industry.
Ability to facilitate and present to a variety of audiences.
#LI-MW1

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.",4.0,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.0","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
290,Data Analyst,"$45k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","POSITION DESCRIPTION

CGI is looking for experienced Business Analyst for a new project located in Wausau, WI. This is an exciting full-time opportunity to work in a fast-paced team environment supporting clients throughout the country.

Looking for career advancement?

• Full-time opportunity to become a member of a stable, growing organization with over $10 billion in annual revenue

• We have over 73,000+ CGI Members in 40 countries and over 5k+ loyal Clients who are leveraging our end-to-end services across the globe

• We offer a competitive total compensation package that includes medical, dental, vision, 401k, paid vacation, and much more.

FUTURE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

• Responsible for collecting, validating, modeling and analyzing data for the organization.

• Prepares statistical and narrative reports, recommendations and participates in the analysis and interpretation of data as appropriate.

• Coordinates, facilitates and provides analytical support to other departments and managers as needed.

• Develops, maintains and ensure quality control of databases. May assist in development and implementation of measurement systems.

• Designs and/or develops specific databases for collection, tracking and reporting.

• Responsible to develop key metrics, design and implementation of initiatives and processes.

• Interpret performance trends, identify root causes behind the trends and contributes to the development of performance improvement efforts. Performs special projects as requested. Other duties as assigned.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THIS ROLE

• Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.

• Demonstrated ability to quickly acquire extensive subject matter expertise.

• Demonstrated ability to explain complex data concepts to non-technical people.

• Demonstrated ability to consistently meet deadlines on time.

• Professional client presence, influencing and active listening skills.

• Team player with a great sense of humor.

• Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this changesupporting our clients digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com.

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGIs legal duty to furnish information.

Your future duties and responsibilities

Required qualifications to be successful in this role",3.6,"CGI
3.6","Wausau, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$10+ billion (USD),-1
291,Data Analyst,"$52k-$100k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Turo is seeking a Data Analyst to join our Analytics in San Francisco to help turbo-charge Turo's growth. The Data Analyst will have the opportunity to liaise with many cross-functional teams across the entire company to drive growth and product initiatives. The ideal person for this role is passionate about data, growth, product and marketplaces and will be able to leverage all of our data to help product managers and marketers make the best possible data-driven decisions.

Responsibilities
Support ongoing analysis of business performance trends and insights required to inform decisions and/or identify new business opportunities
Lead and partner with Product & Marketing to execute and measure A/B test
Support ad-hoc analytical projects based on Turo strategic priorities
Present your research and insights to all levels of the company and work with cross-functional teams to rapidly execute and iterate
Design and build new dashboards to monitor performance metrics; maintain existing dashboards for accuracy and incorporate changes in the business
Requirements
1-2 years of analytical experience and comfortable working transforming data into insights
Experience with SQL is critical; additional experience with BI & visualization tools is a strong plus (i.e. DOMO, Looker, Tableau)
Strong communication skills and ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams
Comfortable working with Google Sheets/MS Excel and GoogleSlides/MS PowerPoint
Must be intellectually curious, eager to learn, self-motivated, detail oriented, and able to multi-task
Positive mental attitude, high energy, high integrity, strong work ethic, enthusiasm, sense of humor, and a commitment to our mission
Benefits:
Competitive salary and equity for all full-time employees
Employer paid medical, dental, and vision insurance
Generous paid time off, paid holidays, paid volunteer time off, and paid parental leave
Weekly catered lunch with a fully-stocked kitchen
Company-sponsored happy hours and team events
Turo host matching and vehicle reimbursement program
Turo travel credit every month
About Turo:

Turo is the world's largest car sharing marketplace where you can book any car you want, wherever you want it, from a vibrant community of trusted hosts across the US, Canada, the UK, and Germany. Guests choose from a totally unique selection of nearby cars, while hosts earn extra money to offset the costs of car ownership. A pioneer of the sharing economy and the travel industry, Turo is a safe, supportive community where the car you book is part of a story, not a fleet. Discover Turo at https://turo.com, the App Store, and Google Play, and check out our blog, Field Notes.

Turo has raised $450M to date from top-tier investors, including IAC, Daimler AG, Kleiner Perkins, GV, Canaan Partners, August Capital, and Shasta Ventures.

Turo cultivates a tight-knit team of smart, critical thinkers who care about their work and their colleagues. Our recruiting team is always on the lookout for supportive, down-to-earth, pioneering, and efficient candidates to grow our team's talent and enrich our culture.

Read more about the Turo culture according to Turo CEO, Andre Haddad.

We're an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We don't discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. When in doubt, please apply!

#LI-ZS1",4.6,"Turo
4.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
292,Rolling Stone: Data Quality Analyst,"$55k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Rolling Stone: Data Quality Analyst

Rolling Stone is looking for a data analyst and music charts lover to join the Rolling Stone Charts team as a Data Quality Analyst. The RS Charts offer in-the-moment view of the biggest songs, albums, and artists as they pop up, giving both music fans and music creators an unfettered glimpse into whats really happening. The Data Quality Analyst will play a key role in QAing streaming and sales data and ensuring the accuracy and punctuality of the daily and weekly charts.

Reporting to the Director of Charts on the editorial team, the Data Quality Analyst will also help produce engaging data journalism for RollingStone.com. In addition to a meticulous attention to detail, the ideal candidate will also have a passion for popular music.

The Data Quality Analyst works a Sunday to Thursday schedule.

Responsibilities:
QAing daily charts
Maintaining a music release calendar and ensuring the accuracy of sales and streaming data for new releases.
Conducting frequent tests of Alpha Data's databases for accuracy
Maintaining a robust database for chart histories, flagging major milestones for songs, albums and artists on the charts.
Regular upkeep of music metadata
Requirements:

Work experience as a data analyst or in a related field
Experience in handling large data sets and relational databases
Proficiency with SQL
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Familiarity with the music industry and an ear to the ground for new releases
About Rolling Stone:


Rolling Stone, the number one brand in music publishing, has been the leading voice of music and popular culture for over 50 years. The multi-media brand features the latest in music reviews, in-depth interviews, hard-hitting political commentary and award-winning journalism across many platforms including magazine, digital, mobile, social and event marketing. Rolling Stone provides all the news that fits to a global audience of approximately 60 million people every month and publishes over 100 pieces of content every day. Rolling Stones parent company, Penske Media Corporation (PMC), is a leading digital media company, publishing, and Information Services Company founded in 2003.

About PMC

Penske Media Corporation (PMC) is a leading digital media and information services company whose award-winning content attracts a monthly audience of more than 180 million. Our dynamic events, data services, and rich content entertain and educate todays fashion, retail, beauty, entertainment and lifestyle sectors. Headquartered in New York and Los Angeles with additional offices in 11 countries worldwide, Penske Media is the way global influencers are informed, connected, and inspired. To learn more about PMC and its iconic brands, visit www.pmc.com.",4.4,"Penske Media Corporation
4.4","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
293,Intern - Information Analyst/Engineer - Big Data,-1,"Intern - Information Analyst/Engineer - Big Data

Summer 2021 Paid Internship

Zions
Bancorporation’s Enterprise Technology and Operations (ETO) team is
transforming what it means to work for a financial institution. We operate in a
fast-paced, information-driven environment, which means we need people who
bring diverse experiences, perspectives, and expertise to meet the
ever-changing demands of a technology-driven world. We are grounded in the
belief that “improving the work is the work” as we drive to create simple,
easy, and fast solutions for our customers. Your ability to adapt, learn, and
innovate helps increase revenue, reduce operational costs, and mitigates risk.

ETO provides
opportunities for you to own your career growth through Diversity, Equity, and
Inclusion, Women in Technology, and Workforce of the Future initiatives that
allow you to network across the organization, volunteer in our community, and
build your technical and soft skills. Together we are building a culture that
values diversity and creates a space of belonging for all our team members. We
believe that investing in your success is an investment in our customers and
our business. Our people are what sets us apart and make us great.

As an Information
Analyst/Engineer, you
will help Enterprise Data & Analytics team to acquire data from operational
systems and position it to support analytics and reporting. You are expected to
learn banking processes to help convert data into meaningful insights in
partnership with the Operational Analysts and our team.
Things you do:
Work within a SAFe Agile team to
develop, build and maintain a Continuous Delivery Pipeline that delivers
new functionality to users
Analyze, map, and integrate system
data into operational data stores, an integrated data warehouse or big
data platform to meet reporting and analytical business needs
Extensive data profiling on the
existing source and integrated data to ensure thorough understanding of
the business needs and the current platforms
Test and validate data attributes
based both on source data and results from other systems to assure the
data accurately reflects the source system and business needs
Work with source system Operational
Analysts to understand system nuances and resolve issues
Work with reporting teams to
explain the data to report writers and communicate the scope and impact of
changes
Take ownership of the SDLC process
and manage work quality and quantity through frequent releases, closely
coordinating with data engineers, modelers, product owners, and other
information analysts
Active participation in the product
teams’ agile ceremonies which facilitate a close-knit team environment and
high productivity
Create and maintain clear,
detailed, and accurate metadata documentation and knowledge transfer
material
Lead small projects and teams to
develop solutions for our customers working with the modeling and
architecture team and business analysts across multiple departments
Handle other duties as assigned
Qualifications

Must
be working toward Bachelor's (taking upper division courses) or Master’s degree
in Finance, IT, or Analytics related degrees
Strong
analytical, organizational and problem-solving skills
Skilled
in programming and scripting languages (SQL, Python, DataStage, or other ETL
tools…)
Strong
testing skills (ideally experience with Azure DevOps)
Experience
using SDLC process
Ability
to estimate scope and schedule required and commit to deadlines
Effective
presentation and communication skills interpersonal skills
Ability
to work with management, peers, and technical staff
Ideally
some knowledge of the banking industry, loan and deposit systems, regulatory
reporting requirements, or data warehouse experience
Experience
in business analysis, operations support, software development, project
management, or other directly related experience",3.3,"Zions Bancorporation
3.3","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
294,"Data Analyst I (SQL, Healthcare)","$35k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Purpose: Responsible for analytic data needs of the business unit.
Manage multiple, variable tasks and data review processes, as well as mass data entry, maintenance, and update projects.
Complete data audits and evaluations within core systems.
Identify and resolve complex issues, including mass change updates, reconciliation projects, and the operationalization of data from various sources.
Analyze and advise management of workflow issues and data integrity problems and offer recommendations on resolution.
Develop and submit internal and external status reports.
Create report and data reconciliation through Access, Excel, Business Objects and other reporting tools, to include provider data, claims data, membership data.

For New Hampshire Healthy Families Only:
Aid with project implementation and project management for medical management and health plan initiatives.
Design, plan and implement process improvement within medical management functions.
Education/Experience: Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience. 0-2 years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access. Experience with Business Intelligence and SQL tools preferred.

BUSINESS ANALYTIC:
Bachelor’s degree related field or equivalent experience. 0-2 years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 0-1 years of related IT experience, including data warehouse, coding or ETL experience. Advanced knowledge of Business Intelligence , SQL, and Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access.

Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law.",3.0,"Sunshine Health
3.0","Chesterfield, MO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
295,Data Analyst,"$48k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are currently seeking a Data Analyst for our Glendale, CA office. You will be an essential player in Reveleer's Data Management function who will support and coordinate the full lifecycle of data operations: data intake and extract operations, ad hoc reporting, and analysis for client data ingest processing. This team member will also act as a primary contact for data management research and data systems analysis for both internal and external customers. The role will report to the Director of Data Management and will also include substantial interaction with Reveleer's Product and Engineering teams as well as Reveleer's technical client contacts.

What You'll Do:
Take receipt of client proprietary healthcare member, provider, and clinical data and stage the data for up front data validations and review
Create and implement procedures to validate, process, and refine Client project data sets
Execute data conversion processes to enable data translations and integrations from third-party platforms into Reveleer specifications for loading
Execute the data loading operations that will apply client data to the Reveleer production environment
Act as a primary support contact for data loading questions and data validation operations
Perform ad hoc analyses against data load validation databases as well as production databases
Support client data extracts operations for all products and act as the primary contact for issue investigation providing baseline details for the development team in the event break/fix work is needed
Interact directly with internal clients and with external technical contacts to work through and document requirements related to important deliveries.
Support Clients' efforts to self-service their data efforts and needs
About You:
Up to two years of experience working with SQL Server 2014 and higher including the use of the SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Must be able to utilize tools to import raw text and XML data receipts from clients into table structures to be used for building client load files for our main clinical coding platform. Amongst these tools must be SSIS, SQL Server Import Export Wizard, bcp, or Powershell.
Ability to write executable SQL using multiple table joins for the purposes of performing data analysis, researching issues, and delivering ad hoc reports.
Experience supporting and executing processes developed on SQL Server including but not limited to researching tables and views, executing stored procedures, and utilizing user-defined functions within client specific data validation databases.
Experience of at least one year in the healthcare industry is strongly preferred with background specific to quality measures (HEDIS), risk adjustment, and medical record review or audit. Experience with healthcare claims or any type of insurance claim data (e.g. auto, property) will also be considered.
All candidates will be required to exhibit basic SQL programming skills and demonstrate usage of a few Microsoft T-SQL specific language functions in a timed short written exam
BS or BA in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or the Sciences is preferred.
What You'll Receive:
Competitive salary
Medical, Dental and Vision benefits
401k
Generous PTO plan
Full stocked kitchen with drinks and snacks
Dog friendly office
No commute to the Westside!
Reveleer is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or genetic information, in compliance with applicable federal, state and local law.",4.5,"reveleer
4.5","Glendale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
296,Data Analyst,"$33k-$61k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst - 20123976

Hillrom is a $2.9B leading worldwide manufacturer and provider of medical technologies and related services for the health care industry, including patient support systems, safe mobility and handling solutions, non-invasive therapeutic products for a variety of acute and chronic medical conditions, medical equipment rentals, surgical products and information technology solutions. Hillrom's comprehensive product and service offerings are used by health care providers across the health care continuum and around the world in hospitals, extended care facilities and home care settings to enhance the safety and quality of patient care.

Description

Contribute to the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions utilizing SQL language and various datasets.
Help to accelerate project related revenue through data forecasting, PMO metrics, and aid in room-by-room conversion tracking.
Provide enhanced visibility to the revenue backlog, as well as develop a method to achieve four-quarter revenue forecasting while maintaining compliance with ASC606 requirements.
Provide administrative support to the PMO in gathering information, documentation, and certifications by partnering with field-based project management team members to understand current project status against project plan
Demonstrates excellent communication skills with daily collaboration and interaction with field service personnel, project management, all levels of service leadership, and quality assurance and regulatory affairs to complete required tasks.
Gathers, analyzes and reports accurate business and financial data that is critical to business decisions and utilizes critical thinking skills to interpret the data.
Assists in continuous improvement projects, training and/or initiatives that drive business/financial results.
Coordinates documentation and facilitates communications regarding the required documentation of pending, in progress and completed installations of Care Communications product systems.
Collects and reviews Device History Records (DHR) for accuracy and completeness prior to submission to document control in accordance with FDA acceptance activities standards.
Collects and merges customer contact data for satisfaction surveys.

Qualifications

1-3 years of experience with PowerBI, SQL (Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, BigQuery) and general report generation
1-3 years relevant analytics experience
Experience with Mavenlink, MS Project, MS CRM, Salesforce, JD Edwards preferred
Demonstrated proficiency with MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily
Ability to communicate effectively and clearly to a wide range of customers
Ability to define problems, identify solutions and follow through to completion
Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Information Management, Computer Science Statistics or Finance required

Hillrom is an equal employment employer F/M/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

#INDHR

Job: Technical Service

Primary Location: United States-North Carolina-Cary

Schedule: Full-time

Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time

Posting Entity: Hillrom",3.4,"Hillrom
3.4","Cary, NC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
297,Senior Data Analyst - Patient-Centered Research,"$88k-$150k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Data Analyst - Patient-Centered Research – Flexible Location
Position Summary
This business-critical position provides extensive statistical and data programming support across multiple projects within the Patient-Centered Research team. The role requires a unique blend of technical excellence in addition to the ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks with competing deadlines. The Senior Data Analyst is integral to the success of the organization and works closely with a variety of stakeholders; technical and research, in order to drive the delivery and quality of required programming and results tables. As this role supports a regulatory environment, knowledge of good clinical practices for data management is required in order to be successful.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: (other duties may be assigned)
Prepare, manage and analyze research data using standard statistical packages such as SAS, S-Plus.
Review project related documentations such as CRFs, SAPs, and proposals, and provide feedback to project team.
Assist in the development of final study reports and presentation of study of findings, including the creation of graphical output directly from study data.
Validate and peer review other programs.
Act as technical consultant to other staff within Evidera.
Provide SAS User Group training session at least once a year presented to programmers and senior patient-centered research staff.
Qualifications
Work experience with healthcare or clinical trial data is essential; knowledge of 21 Code of Federal Regulations Part 11 preferred.
Minimum of 5 years of SAS programming experience or a comparable skill set.
Excellent understanding of and generous experience with SAS/Base, SAS ODS outputs, SAS Macro, SAS STAT and any additional SAS modules as required by the specific job position.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Understanding and experience with R a plus.
Education and Experience
Master's degree (preferred) or equivalent degree with 4-6 years’ experience, BA/BS degree with 8+ years’ work experience

About Evidera:
Evidera is a business within in Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC (PPD) a leading global contract research organization (CRO), and a is a preeminent provider of evidence-based solutions. We provide integrated scientific expertise and global operational capabilities to help clients generate the evidence needed to optimize the market access and commercial potential of products.

Perks:
We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, with clear opportunities for growth and career progression. You will have the opportunity to work on multiple projects with some of the industry’s leading researchers. Our offices boast a fun and collaborative working environment, frequent social events and a robust support system. We are committed to providing training and professional development, with ample opportunity to advance, for all our staff.
Evidera’s Core Competencies:
Customer Focus
Initiative
Teamwork
Problem Solving/Judgment
Accountability
If you resonate with our core competencies and want to contribute to research and consulting services driven by world-class science and thought leadership, then please submit your application – we’d love to hear from you.
Evidera, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, genetics, sexual orientation, gender preference,disability, or status as a qualified individual with a disability or protected veteran.",3.9,"Evidera
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
298,Data Solutions Analyst II - Data Visualization,"$47k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Could you be our next Data Solutions Analyst?

The Opportunity

Vallen’s Data Solutions Analyst II is an individual contributor position responsible for performing general analytics and statistical modeling on existing data sets for various products and processes. This position targets specific areas of opportunity and process improvement by identifying areas for increase efficiency and automation of the data analysis processes. The Data Solutions Analyst II examines and identifies data patterns and trends to help answer business questions and improve decision making. They collaborate with the Business and Information Technology teams to develop and submit data on both a regular and ad hoc basis. The Analyst uses data mining and complex data science processes to ensure data is accurately moved into targeted platforms. They gather and identify specific parameters and requirements necessary for customer compliance and business objectives.

Responsibilities Include:
Provide data-driven solutions to solve complex business problems leveraging business analytics tools & techniques, including Oracle SQL Server, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle Data Integrator, Stibo (STEP), Power BI, IBM Cognos and R Programming.
Collaborate with stakeholders to define data collection and requirements and establish clear business understanding to provide effective analysis and process automation. Work with key stakeholders in different functions to align and consolidate key operational performance metrics.
Identify opportunities to improve operational efficiency and accelerate business growth by supporting the Supply Chain and Business Technology Groups within Vallen.
Compile and mine data from a wide variety of data repositories such as CRM, Work Management, ERP, Data Warehouse and BI Applications. Validate data accuracy and confirm data quality to ensure consistent use across the business. Develop new modeling techniques and tools for analytics and reporting.
Promotes and consults on data management, governance, and data quality of master data requirements with other functional data owners to ensure master data integrity across the operation of systems are consistent and meets stated business rules and requirements.
Design and execute analytic projects; generate insights to support business decisions using advanced analytical techniques.
Translate quantitative analyses and findings into visuals for non-technical audiences. Provide clear interpretation of the data to effectively communicate findings and insights to senior executives, managers and key stakeholders.
Assists in the application and implementation procedures of data standards and guidelines on data ownership, coding structures, and data replication to ensure access to and integrity of data sets.
About Vallen

Vallen is an industry leader in delivering flexible supply chain solutions and services along with a comprehensive range of maintenance, repair, operating, production, safety and electrical products to meet the growing supply needs of customers in facilities across North America and around the world. Vallen is headquartered in Belmont, NC and is a subsidiary of Sonepar USA, part of the global Sonepar family.

Working at Vallen

At Vallen, we are committed to the success of our customers and our co-workers and do what it takes to get the job done right. We work diligently to improve and drive results that create value. We’re hands-on, responsive and team-oriented. We apply our insights, experience and relationships to find the best solution to every challenge. We hold ourselves to be personally accountable to do what we say we will do.

Qualifications & Benefits

Bachelor’s degree in a related field coupled with 5+ years work experience. Associate and 7+ years work experience

Relevant experience should include:
Experience and skill with data mining techniques such as classification, association, clustering, outlier detection, regression analysis, predictive modeling, anomaly detection and pattern tracking.
Specialized knowledge in pattern extrapolation and discovering new knowledge from the data to influence business decision.
Proficient with database query/management (local and SQL), Oracle, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, and various forms of ELT tools and/or applications.
Experience working with inventory management/product data, tools, and applications.
Experience using Stibo (STEP), Oracle Data Integrator, Oracle SQL Developer, Power BI, SmartSheet and Microsoft SharePoint is preferred.
Must be a self-starter and able to work independently and with little supervision.
Excellent customer service skills.


401(k) Plan, Health Insurance (medical, dental, and vision), Paid Vacation, Paid Sick, Paid Personal, Paid Holidays, Flexible Spending Accounts (Health and Dependent Care), Employee Assistance Program, Tuition Reimbursement, Employee Discounts and a definitive career path

EOE M/F/Disability/Veteran

#LI-LS1",4.4,"Sonepar USA
4.4","Ladson, SC",-1,10000+ Employees,1998,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
299,Data Analyst,-1,"Optimove is the Science-First Relationship Marketing Hub. Were obsessed with what drives customer behavior and strive to provide our clients the solution to foster long-lasting customer relationships.
The Data Analyst position is the perfect role for an entry-level engineer whos looking to get their feet wet in the world of data science. You report to the Director of Data Science and interface directly with clients data science teams across business verticals. Your core responsibilities involve playing an active role in collaborating with internal teams to construct Optimoves tailored predictive models for our clients. The ideal candidate is a SQL whiz with a strong work ethic, robust analytical and technical capabilities and highly effective time management skills. We are looking for a master multi-tasker that thrives in challenging, fast-paced environments with agility and ease. The Data Analyst is an integral part of the Analytics team and the position is one that brings with it an excellent opportunity to learn and grow within a rapidly expanding company.
Responsibilities:
Conducting consumer data research and analytics
Working with customer-centric algorithm models and tailoring them to each customer as required
Presenting complexed analysis to clients
Extracting actionable insights from large databases



Requirements:
B.Sc in Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, or similar major
Experience or undergraduate courses focused on SQL and Excel
Exceptional work ethic with outstanding technical skills
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Strong communication skills
Please note that we are unable to provide sponsorship for this position
Optimove is an equal opportunity employer. Two thirds of our managers were promoted from within. If youre looking to develop your career, get acknowledged for your efforts, and work with dedicated people who love what they do, youve come to the right place.",3.7,"Optimove
3.7","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
300,Data Analyst,"$48k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Provide Data Analysis and Management for Hemophilia and Sickle Cell grants.-Provide data management for Hemophilia grant by: entering weekly stats from nursing and social worker, entering patient data into Clinical Manager database, and other hemophilia databases or programs -Provide data management for sickle cell grant by: setting up and maintain database for sickle cell program and entering all nursing and community outreach workers stats on a weekly basis. Provide reports as needed. Enter data on quality improvement projects for Federal Sickle Cell Grant. -The Data Analyst will be responsible for supporting quality improvement efforts, IRB applications, and collecting and submitting data required for program evaluation by the regional collaborative and HRSA for the Federal Sickle Cell Grant. (S) He will attend an annual webinar through the duration of the grant. -The Data Analyst will be responsible for development and maintenance of data capture and data entry tools; data collection; data entry; and preparation of reports, as required-Review database and verifies information in order to ensure accuracy and consistency of reports -Compiles and analyzes information from standardized reports on a monthly/quarterly basis as necessary. -Reports to program manager of sickle cell/hemophilia programs and principal investigator. Prepares reports and analyzes data with PI and program manager. -Provide data management for clinical trials and research projects by entering data and submitting to company/coordinating center as per the protocol. Review database and verifies information in order to ensure accuracy and consistency of reports. Responsible for ensuring integrity of information reported for all sickle cell and hemophilia grant reports Experience in Excel, Access and Microsoft Office required. Experience with database set up management required. Experience with analysis of data required. Experience in a health care setting preferred. Experience abstracting data from Electronic Medical Records. Attention to detail and ability to track and organize multiple projects.RWJBarnabas Health is an",3.7,"RWJBarnabas Health
3.7","Newark, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,1982,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
301,Data Analyst,-1,"Data Analyst


Job ID: FA-0100-559

Open Since: 2019-12-17

City: Redmond
State: Washington
Country: United States of America

Job Description:


Frontend Arts brings together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers gain a competitive advantage. We are continuously evolving how we work and how we look at business challenges, so we can continue to deliver measurable, sustainable solutions to our clients.

We are looking for a self-motivated ""Data Analyst"" with excellent communication and customer service skills.

Job Skills:
To be part of the product development team to help in different phases of the program
Skill sets- SQL queries preferably JUMP, Python
To be able to understand a large amount of data, understand the dependencies, relationship in order to drive useful insights
Should know the statistical along with product engineering/hardware background
Should be able to work in ambiguous situations
Minimum Experience: 10 Yrs

Education:

Must have a Bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science or Engineering",4.5,"Frontend Arts
4.5","Redmond, WA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
302,Data Analyst,-1,"Job Description


Job #: 1088965

Apex is looking for a contract to hire Data Analyst in Scottsdale.

Start Date: October 5th

Location: Scottsdale

The candidate doesn’t need lots of experience – would consider recent graduates. It much more important that they have the right attitude. They need to be a “go getter” and a “digger”. “Digger” means when they hit a problem they need to research and dig in and figure out what’s going on (not just give up and go ask for help).

Job Description
Liaison between business & technical team
Liaison between technical & testing teams
Maybe some light SQL work (does not need to have high level SQL)
Great written & verbal communication skills
Ability to create written technical requirements
Ability to triage technical issues and set priorities with Director Enterprise Data
Ability to work across all levels of the organization (from C level to junior Developers)
Scrum a plus
Jira a plus
Confluence a plus
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.",3.8,"Apex Systems
3.8","Scottsdale, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
303,Fund Data Analyst,"$31k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","If you are a current Vivint Solar employee, please apply to positions using the \""Find Jobs\"" task in Workday.
The Vivint Solar team needs an Asset Management Fund Analyst who will become a solid contributor and make a difference. We are looking for a problem solver who is self-motivated, pays excellent attention to details, and will assist in providing accurate reporting and analysis. This Fund Analyst will work closely with each of VSLR’s organizations to gather, normalize, analyze, and report the Asset Management team’s results and observations.
Key Job Duties:
Further develop, refine, and automate Asset Management’s reporting and analytics for Vivint Solar management, executives, and financing partners
Assist in creating and automating Fund Management’s reporting obligations
Develop and produce monthly, quarterly, and annual performance reports
Help define, track, and report key performance metrics for business improvement
Provide ad-hoc analyses on PV systems, customers, cash flows and TE fund performance
Perform budgeting, planning, and expenses related analysis as requested
Support data aggregation and reporting to comply with all tax equity and debt investor monitoring and reporting requirements under fund agreements
Utilize data and tools to assist in solving complex issues and provide fund and company performance analytics to VSLR executives & leadership
Partner with IT to help architect Asset Management’s data pipeline and ensure timely receipt of all reporting data
Prepare and develop high quality presentations for executive-level meetings
fund and portfolio analytics
Build MicroStrategy reports and dashboards for Asset Management and Capital Markets
Lead out on large or critical interdepartmental projects
Necessary Skills and Experience:

Bachelor’s Degree, preferably in Finance, Accounting, Business Management or similar quantitative field
Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to effectively interface, communicate, and work cross-functionally with multiple business organizations and leadership teams
Highly developed analytical and independent thinking skills
Ability to work with and synthesize large amounts of data into understandable and meaningful reports and presentations
Ability to create and enhance complex spreadsheets and dashboards providing financial and fund performance analyses
Outstanding attention to detail - ability to foresee and work through data integrity issues
Intermediate knowledge in Financial Modeling, Financial Analysis, and Forecasting
General familiarity with GAAP, financial statements and tax/accrual accounting practices
Have advanced business experience in the following analytical software applications:
Microsoft Excel
SQL Server & MySQL
MicroStrategy
Proficient with Microsoft Word and PowerPoint
1-2 years of experience in business analysis, planning/forecasting, financial analysis, or statistical analysis preferred
Employees of Vivint Solar must submit to a criminal history check, motor vehicles check, drug screening, and obtain clearance from the state based upon the state requirements.

We do not accept resumes from headhunters, placement agencies, or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us.

Vivint Solar is a proud promoter of employment opportunities to our Military and Veterans. We, an equal opportunity employer, do not consider any protected traits (e.g. race, creed, color, religion, gender, national origin, non-job-related disability, age, or any other protected trait) when hiring—under federal, state and local laws.",3.5,"Vivint Solar
3.5","Lehi, UT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Company - Public,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
304,Data Analyst,"$41k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","EquipmentShare is Hiring a Financial Data Analyst


EquipmentShare is searching for a Data Analyst for the corporate office in Columbia, Missouri to help us drive profitability through data-driven analysis.

About EquipmentShare


EquipmentShare is dedicated to creating a connected jobsite for the modern contractor. We deliver user-friendly technology solutions that help contractors maximize their equipment uptime, reduce risk exposure and increase productivity. EquipmentShare's product offerings include an improved equipment rental experience, fleet tracking and asset management software, hardware security solutions and predictive service and maintenance applications.

EquipmentShare is the fastest-growing, independently owned construction equipment rental company in the country. We serve dozens of markets across the U.S. and are on track to create a national footprint in every major market in the country by the end of 2023. Our branch locations are equipped with a broad range of construction equipment, ranging from 150-foot telescopic booms to 120,000-lb. track excavators.

EquipmentShare's rapid growth goes beyond meeting a demand for equipment rentals in booming new markets. Instead, our mission begins with our rental product, and it's a testimony to our ability to improve industry standards and better serve the customer. Our expansion and customer retention is a validation of strong contractor demand for the smart jobsite technology we've built into our rental fleet. And it's just the beginning of our journey to establishing a global presence.

Your Opportunity to Grow With Us


The EquipmentShare team is a close-knit group of professionals who all share an interest in providing a service and product that improve our customer's experience. Above all, we care about building something people want, and the only way to do that is by assembling a skilled, passionate and talented team. Our mission is to improve productivity and efficiency throughout the entire construction industry, and our people are how we make achieving that goal possible.

We're seeking a Financial Data Analyst who loves a challenge and wants the opportunity to grow with a fast-paced company. Industry competitors often have layers of tenured management that create barriers to career advancement. The opportunity for career growth is unparalleled at EquipmentShare, where you'll find no shortage of challenging yet fulfilling work, chances to build new skills and supportive teammates who will push you to achieve your best.

Primary Responsibilities
Analyze a wide range of data, and turn that data into action, whether that looks like process improvements, best business practices or other data-backed solutions
Use your strong development and analytical skills to solve business problems across the company
Produce reports and models for senior leaders and other key team members
Identify trends, correlations and patterns in data, and present findings to stakeholder
About You


Our mission to change an entire industry is not easily achieved, so we only hire people who are inspired by the goal and up for the challenge. In turn, our employees have every opportunity to grow with us, achieve personal and professional success and enjoy making a tangible difference in an industry that's long been resistant to change.

Skills & Qualifications
Must be qualified to work in the United States - we are not sponsoring any candidates at this time.
2 years of experience in an analysis-focused role
Forecasting, reporting, and analysis experience
You have a proven ability to approach complex problems with curiosity and an analytical mindset.
You roll with the punches and can adapt quickly, manage competing projects and challenge the status quo.
A keen understanding of data interpretation and the ability to swiftly extract key insights
Expert-level Excel skills
SQL experience required
Preferably knowledge of an analytical language like Python, R, SAS, SPSS, etc.
Why We're a Better Place to Work
Competitive salary
Health insurance and medical coverage benefits
401(k)
Generous paid time off
Stocked breakroom and full kitchen
Free weekly team workout at a local gym
Volunteering and local charity initiatives that help you nurture and grow the communities you call home through EquipmentCare
Opportunities for career and professional development with conferences, events, seminars, continued education
Since our founding in 2015, we've had explosive growth—and we're not stopping anytime soon. Ready to invest in our mission, invest in yourself and discover a better place to work? Then we'd love to meet you. Apply today.

EquipmentShare is an EOE M/F/D/V",4.3,"EquipmentShare
4.3","Columbia, MO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Commercial Equipment Repair & Maintenance,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
305,Data Analytics Solutions Analyst,"$48k-$86k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Praescient Analytics, LLC (Praescient) is a Veteran-led, certified Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB) founded in 2011 that specializes in implementing advanced analytics solutions across the defense, intelligence, and law enforcement communities. With over 40 contracts across 6 continents, over 70% of our employees are veterans and or have intel/law enforcement experience. We fully understand the unique challenges of our clients and work to identify, vet, implement, and enhance commercial and proprietary technologies to provide full scope solutions, because we have been there. Praescient has extensive experience designing, developing, and integrating solutions for customers including the US Army, Special Operations Command (SOCOM), US Navy (USN), US Marine Corps (USMC), US Coast Guard (USCG), Department of Justice (DOJ), Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), intelligence community, and local law enforcement agencies, among others.

This position is in support of the Department of Justice US Attorney’s Office, Eastern District of New York (EDNY). The organization requires a modern big data solution to support broad and high profile investigative priorities. As a Praescient employee supporting this effort, you will be on the front lines implementing EDNY’s premier investigative analysis platform.

Praescient Analytics is in search of a Mid-Level Data Analytics Solutions Analyst to provide support for projects related to investigations and litigation cases. This includes managing projects from initiation to closure, developing deliverables and serving as a primary point-of-contact for attorneys, investigators, and case teams.

Primary Responsibilities:
Gather a wide variety of data types from primary and secondary sources through diverse channels using a combination of methods that will be researched and employed by the Data Analytics Management team.
Develop, maintain, and enforce streamlined and efficient processes for project lifecycles, from collection through transformation of data; manage timelines, training, resources, and budgets; and will finalize or assist the Program Manager in the finalization of client deliverables.
Support the collection, documentation, vetting and onboarding of data, provide direct support to the Data Analytics Engineer team on the database development and set up, and validate the population of data into the appropriate analytical tools.
Must have the ability to guide and assist Junior - level Data Analytics Solution Analysts as required.
Defining, developing, and communicating data analytics solutions to support the customer.
In this role you will take the lead in working with client case teams to identify their needs and jointly develop solutions through leveraging all available analytic and visualization options through the following:
Corresponding with key stakeholder personnel via regular consultations with clients to elicit requirements and provide regular status updates, performing data analysis and modeling to understand and identify data relationships/trends/classifications/predictions
Building experience in all available analysis and visualization software, proposing reporting solutions that best present the information to their supervisor.
Providing regular status updates to the Data Analytics Solutions Analyst - Senior regarding assigned tasks.
Ensuring successful completion of work, timeliness of deliverables, and quality control.
Delivering the completed solution.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent
Minimum of 3 years of experience using analytics tools, methods, and visualization software.
Significant experience in one or more of the following tools is required: Tableau Software; IBM I2/EIA; IBM Analyst Notebook; Database (SQL Server, Teradata, Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL); Programming and/or scripting (Python, R, Java); Natural Language Processing; Aster, Neo4j, or other graph databases; Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud environment; and Other analytic and visualization tools.
Strong SQL experience is required. Deep understanding of database, ETL, and analytics tools and concepts.
Background in Law Enforcement, Data Science, Investigation, Data Analysis, Computer Information Systems, or Statistics.
Experience working in AWS or other cloud environments.
Experience supporting federal agencies. Industry analytics/business intelligence knowledge including current industry trends, challenges, and data quality approaches. Must be able to work independently and prioritize work effectively, as well as to function as an effective team member in a local and virtual team development environment.
Desired Qualifications:
The candidate should take the initiative to attack new challenges and learn new skills independently.
Must be well organized and flexible.
Interested in a diverse skillset in data analytics and has current skills in either data analysis, litigation support, statistical software, analytic programming languages (Python, R, Java, SAS), visualization software, or database management.
What you can expect from us:
Real opportunity for career growth in an environment where your achievements will be celebrated
Constant collaboration with numerous teams to ensure client success
A team that respects and embraces your ideas and expertise
Coworkers that are motivated by pursuing excellence, rather than the prospect of personal gain
A workplace dedicated to supporting and bettering public safety and government agencies
Benefits:
Very competitive salary based on qualifications and experience
Comprehensive, Company paid United Health Care Medical for you and your family (We pay your premiums and deductibles)
401(k) & 4% matching
Travel & performance incentives
3 weeks paid time off (plus Federal Holidays)
$5K annual training allowance
$500 book allowance
Tuition reimbursement program
Praescient Analytics is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all. Employees and applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity, national origin, legally protected physical or mental disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or status in the uniformed services of the United States, status as a disabled veteran or veteran of the Vietnam era, or on any other basis which is protected under applicable law. This includes a commitment to provide a work environment that is free from all forms of illegal harassment including sexual harassment.

This covers all terms and conditions of employment including (but not limited to):
Hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, or demotion of all job classifications;
Recruiting, advertising or solicitation for employment;
Treatment during employment;
Rates of pay or other forms of compensation;
Benefits;
Selection for training;
Company sponsored social and recreational activities; and
Layoff or termination
Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
US Citizenship Required
Praescient Analytics is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Interested Candidates: Please forward your resume to recruiting@praescientanalytics.com and please visit our website to apply online at www.praescientanalytics.applicantstack.com/x/opening.",3.2,"Praescient Analytics
3.2","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
306,Data Analyst,"$52k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As the world’s leading provider of cloud-based software and technology solutions delivered by managed service providers (MSPs), Datto believes there is no limit to what small and medium businesses can achieve with the right technology. Datto offers Unified Continuity, Networking, and Business Management solutions and has created a one-of-a-kind ecosystem of MSP partners. These partners provide Datto solutions to over one million businesses across the globe. Since its founding in 2007, Datto continues to win awards each year for its rapid growth, product excellence, superior technical support, and for fostering an outstanding workplace. With headquarters in Norwalk, Connecticut, Datto has global offices in the United Kingdom, Netherlands, Denmark, Germany, Canada, Australia, China, and Singapore. Learn more at datto.com.

As a data analyst you will be responsible for collecting processes and performing statistical analysis of data, which will have an important role to play on the decision making within Datto. You will be working cross functionally, across multiple platforms in a fast paced environment, which will provide you with exposure to new tools, technologies and business processes.

This is an opportunity to build the data strategy for the world’s leading provider of cloud-based, software and technology solutions, delivered by Managed Service Providers. We’re a fast growing company and it’s an exciting time to join us!

Key responsibilities:
Develops breadth of expertise across business domain and is able to navigate company’s data warehouse
Ensures data integrity and analyzes business performance using data across data sources
Identify relationships between product experiences and post-purchase customer support
Synthesize and way-find to the appropriate data from client survey data, case management data, saleforce etc and quickly understand their synergies, potential and limitations
Explore unstructured (open-ended text/speech) and structured (surveys) data
Create and maintain custom dashboards and deliver analysis focused on in-market product sentiment and post-care support that jointly tell a holistic story of the customer journey
Document and measure progress and business performance against project outcomes and goals to ensure experience gaps have been resolved and the customer journey is improved
Use your insights to ‘show and tell’ relevant customer journey stories drawn from data that provide a clear view of consumer trends, improvement areas and assist in decision making
Interpret and communicate complex ideas and findings into meaningful insights easily understood by audiences of varying levels of seniority and analytical understanding
Desired Skills:
A minimum of a Bachelor's degree
3-5 years of relevant experience in customer insights, business intelligence or related field, preferably working with large datasets from multiple sources
Proficiency using Tableau to build ‘Cards’ and dashboards to drive insights discovery
Mindset geared toward back-end of innovation and a willingness to ask tough business questions and challenge the status quo
Comfort with complexity and ambiguity
Demonstrated success in uncovering and solving challenging customer issues in a dynamic business setting and delivering high quality results in a challenging environment
Curiosity to explore complex and customer focused qualitative/quantitative data sets, experimenting to see what insights it uncovers
Experience managing all phases of customer experience projects including designing, executing, research, analyzing data, summarizing insights and communicating recommendations
Ability to transform complex ideas into easily understood concepts
Demonstrated ability to utilize advanced analytic techniques and develop strategic frameworks to synthesize insights from multiple data sources
Skilled Excel user with the ability to understand and build complex spreadsheets and analysis
Strong consultative and storytelling abilities (visual, written and oral) to convey your findings and knowledge and bring the customer experience to life and influence teams members at various levels with the organization
Well-developed project management skills and ability to prioritize, manage multiple projects simultaneously and organize effectively in a fast-paced environment
Ensures deadlines are met and proactively communicates when deadlines are at risk and associated roadblocks
Proven relationship building abilities across multi-functional teams with excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both written (presentations/emails) and oral (personal interactions)
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively to complete tasks and identify solutions
About you:
You’re analytical and process driven
You’re able to understand data at a granular level
Experience working with financial data specifically
Extensive experience within Financial/Accounting/Statistical background
The ability to work across different platforms and able to learn new platforms quickly
Excel proficient, familiar with Python, R
Tech savvy
Bonus points:
Salesforce experience
Oracle / Netsuite exposure",3.9,"Datto
3.9","Norwalk, CT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
307,Data Analyst,"$36k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Duties and Responsibilities:
Design reports in web-based analysis tools, Crystal Reports, and label systems
Client data loads into SQL database
Monitor business systems through queries to alert and resolve issues
Provide initial technical support and analysis to business users
On-boarding and testing of EDI trading partners in ERP system
Maintaining industry standards documentation
Skills and Specifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft SQL and how to write SQL queries is required
Proficiency with Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio
ETL (extract, transform, load) skills
Crystal Reports or SSRS
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word)
General knowledge of ERP systems and business processes
Education and Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in Information Systems, MIS, or Computer Science
Authorized to work for any company in the United States
Written and oral communication in English required
Must reside in the Toledo, Ohio area, no relocation available
Competitive Benefits Package:
Competitive compensation will be based on educational background
Health Insurance and company paid health care spending account
401(k)
Holiday, personal, and vacation paid time off",4.0,"Tech Group International
4.0","Toledo, OH",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
308,Data Analyst,"$33k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Law360, a LexisNexis company, is an online newswire for business lawyers that covers major litigation, transactions, and regulatory issues. Founded in 2004 and acquired by LexisNexis in 2012, Law360 is a cutting-edge organization and one of the fastest-growing subscription news services in the U.S. Our subscribers include the largest law firms in the U.S. and around the world, in-house counsel at major corporations, and key decision-makers in the government sector.

Law360, a LexisNexis company, is seeking qualified candidates for the position of Data Analyst to join our newsroom.

The Data Analyst will be part of a growing team in our Law360 newsroom, helping to implement surveys and rankings of law firms that support our efforts to report on the legal industry. The Data Analyst will support the accurate, timely, relevant and efficient delivery of that research, and would work collaboratively with editors, reporters and graphic designers to analyze the results of the team’s surveys. The analyst will also work on data management, cleaning and verification. The analyst will employ statistical methods to help improve analyses and data usage. Training will be provided.

Primary Duties/Responsibilities:

Help conduct surveys and interviews.
Help develop the methodologies used in annual reports and rankings from survey data.
Collaborate with editors on research projects, based on surveys and publicly available data.
Help create data visualizations based on surveys and publicly available data.
Participate in drafting and presenting key research findings to reporters and editors.
Combine, clean and verify data from multiple sources.
Help manage our data set. Work with a wide range of stakeholders in Editorial and IT with regard to data management.

Basic Requirements:

1+ years of related experience, including in data management, cleaning, and analysis. Relevant coursework may count toward this experience.

Preferred Requirements:

Previous expertise using quantitative analytical tools.
Advanced Excel skills (e.g., Pivot Tables).
Familiarity with R programming, Tableau and/or Python a plus.
Previous working experience with data visualization techniques. Tableau experience preferred.
Previous experience working with data of varying quality and from varying sources.
Ability to communicate complex ideas to a wide range of audiences.
Legal industry research experience preferred but not required.
A good teammate, collaborator and relationship builder who can also work independently.

RSRLNLP

Law360 offices are located in NYC, Washington DC, and Los Angeles. We offer a casual and flexible work environment, comprehensive benefits (including; medical, dental, generous paid time off, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, and a pre-tax commuter program), and competitive salary.

Portfolio Media Inc.is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com .

Please read our Candidate Privacy Policy",3.7,"LexisNexis Legal & Professional
3.7","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1880,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
309,"Data Analyst, Wish X","$65k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description

Wish is a mobile e-commerce platform that flips traditional shopping on its head. We connect hundreds of millions of people with the widest selection of delightful, surprising, and—most importantly—affordable products delivered directly to their doors. Each day on Wish, millions of customers in more than 160 countries around the world discover new products. For our over 1 million merchant partners, anyone with a good idea and a mobile phone can instantly tap into a global market.

We're fueled by creating unique products and experiences that give people access to a new type of commerce, where all are welcome. If you’ve been searching for a supportive environment to chase your curiosity and use data to investigate the questions that matter most to you, this is the place.

Job Description

Wish is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to support our Wish X Team in San Francisco. The role entails driving analytics insights and enable senior leadership to make effective, analytically driven decisions, in particular area of logistics and customer support. The ideal candidate should be passionate about Wish and e-commerce, has a strong analytical and consultative mindset, deep understanding of databases and data visualization, the ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment delivering against tight deadlines, and a passion for scaling operations through automation.

What you'll be doing:
Work cross-functionally with technical team and business teams (specifically WishX)
Work on high priority & new programs to help expand Wish’s product offerings including B2B initiatives & Wish Local (brick & mortar stores partnered with Wish)
Conduct insightful analysis to gain insights that will help drive business decisions
Provide concrete recommendations to help ramp up/down new experiments
Prioritize & manage business stakeholders’ adhoc requests related to new programs
Conceptualize and build centralized tools (including pipelines) that can extract data/insights for daily business management in an automated manner
Develop dashboards and visualizations for the business stakeholders and maintain the integrity of the reports.
Investigate monetary impact on new programs and assist with ad-hoc requests
Process a large amount of data and do deep dives to understand certain trends/patterns, carry out correlation analysis to identify causes and relatedness.
Qualifications
Bachelor's or Master’s degree in an analytical field or similar.
2+ years of work experience in doing finance/business data analysis.
Proficiency in SQL or other query languages, deep experience and strengths to develop complex queries.
Development experience in at least one scripting language (Python, PHP, Perl, etc.).
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; ability to transform data into business insights and actionable recommendations.
Experience working with large data sets that are structured and partially structured.
Working knowledge of data visualization tools (Looker, Tableau etc.).
Additional Information

Wish values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not discriminate based on any legally-protected class or characteristic. Employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Individuals applying for positions at Wish, including California residents, can see our privacy policy here.",3.5,"Wish
3.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Other Retail Stores,Retail,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
310,Reporting Data Analyst,-1,"Job Description:
Prepare and maintain existing Investment reports for both internal and external clients
Prepare and review all reports before distributing and follows key controls
Help analyze investment information in the reports
Perform research and answer
Assist with the internal stakeholders to define and complete new report requests
Prepare reporting deadlines on a daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly basis
Prepare the reporting materials, research and resolve issues that may be present
Requirements:
Proficient with the Microsoft Office Suite, including strong Excel skills
Strong analytical, problem-solving and organization skills
Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills
Able to communicate with professionals at all levels
Able to work independently and take initiative
Able to adapt to changing priorities
Able to work on multiple projects with accuracy and efficiency, while keeping to deadlines
Detail-oriented
A team player
Strong work ethic
Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in finance, accounting, business or related field and a minimum of 3 years' relevant experience
REF # 35576",4.5,"Century Group (CA)
4.5","El Segundo, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
311,Data Analyst,-1,"*Fenkell Automotive Services is currently seeking a Data Analyst to join our team!*

*About: *

Fenkell Automotive is looking for a data entry/analyst with some minor automotive experience for vehicles being repaired at various locations throughout the US and Canada.

*Salary: * $13.00-15.00/Hour depending on experience

*Benefits: *
* Health insurance
* Dental insurance
* 401K
* Paid vacations.

*Responsibilities: *
* Data Entry using company web-based software
* Make phone calls to technicians to follow up expedite repairs
* Upload documents and images
* Manage and answer incoming emails

*Qualifications: *
* 1+ year of computer and data entry experience
* 1+ year of customer service experience
* Experience with Microsoft Suite
* Good customer service and communication skills
* Time management skills
* Friendly personality
* Positive attitude
* Since this is a remote role, the ideal candidate is required to use their own phone and computer

*_Indeed Hire and Fenkell Automotive Services are working together to find the best candidate for this job. _*

*_By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application._*

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $13.00 - $15.00 per hour

Experience:
* computer and data entry: 1 year (Required)
* automotive customer service: 1 year (Required)

Job distance:
* Auburn Hills, MI 48326: Between 31 and 40 miles (Required)",3.0,"Fenkell Automotive Services
3.0","Auburn Hills, MI",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
312,Direct to Consumer Data Analyst,-1,"We are hiring a Direct to Consumer Data Analyst to join one of the biggest publishing companies in the world. If you are a Data Analyst looking to take your direct to consumer experience and lead a newly created business unit, then this is the job for you. Our headquarters are in downtown Manhattan (although we are remote at this time).

What Is The Job?

As a Data analyst, you will be collecting and preparing data for a completely new business unit and guiding the team as to what the best practices are to drive the new platform. You will be the only Analyst to start. This role has a clear path to management within two years. Once the platform is up and running the goal is to build a team underneath you.

What Skills Do We Need?
Direct to Consumer Experience as an Analyst
Proficient in Python & SQL
You're excited, energetic and a go getter
Excited about helping to start a new group within a name brand company
Who Are We?

We are one of the largest publishing companies in the world, and one of the Big Five English-language publishing companies.

Compensation:
$115,000 $130,000 base salary
Full medical
Full Dental
401k
Very reasonable work hours
Whats in it for you?

This is an amazing opportunity for a Data analyst to work for one of the biggest publishing companies in the world. This is a unique opportunity for you to come in and build a brand new business unit from the ground up. If you are someone who would like to get into management this is the role for you because the goal is to eventually build a team underneath you!

We are hiring for this role as soon as possible, so if you are interested, please apply today or reach out to me directly at: Chris.Decrescenzo@Averityteam.com.",5.0,"Averity
5.0","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
313,Data Analyst,"$41k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Sr Cloud Data Engineer – GCP; Java; and PostgreSQL

Description:
UST Global® is looking for creative; high-energy; diverse and driven Data Engineer with hands-on development skills to work on a variety of meaningful projects to work with one of the leading financial services organization in the US. You are ideal for this position if you are a forward-thinking; committed; and enthusiastic software engineer who is passionate about technology.
The Senior Data Engineer will be responsible for analyzing existing on-prem data bases and storages; responsible for the hands on role expanding and optimizing data quality; data pipelines and architecture; as well as optimizing data flow and collection in the GCP ecosystem. The Data Engineer will support a group of Architects; Technical Leads; Software Engineers; DBA on the data initiatives. The Data Engineer will ensure optimal data quality and delivery is consistent and secure throughout ongoing projects. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams; systems and products. The Data Engineer will work with IDH staff; and with the Project Manager; and other members of the project team to meet data-related objectives.
The candidate must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to collaborate effectively with domain experts and technical experts in the team.

Roles & Responsibilities:
•Design and perform data pipeline related implementation and production support tasks such as data migration; ETL; validation; and conversion.
•Evaluate and/or implement changes in production transactional system to support ETL data pipelines as needed.
•Build or configure infrastructure required for optimal ETL of data into an analytics environment from a variety of data sources using SQL and Cloud ‘data’ technologies.
•Monitor and maintain live data ingestion; data pipelines; and ETL
•Understand best practices for data separation; security; and disaster recovery through multiple data centers and Cloud regions.
•Provide insight into system data quality; recommend; and implement solutions to resolve data quality issues.
•Perform basic analysis to transform data into actionable information for use by the stakeholders.
•Evaluate data analysis and visualization tools and use these tools or assist analysts in developing recurring and ad-hoc reports/dashboards.
•Build configure or install analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition; operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Required Skills and Experience:
•Experience with implementation and design of cloud databases such as PostgreSQL; CockroachDB; MySQL;
•Experience with open source data pipeline and workflow management
•Experience with design and implementation of open source databases
•Experience with big data tools such as: Hadoop and/or Spark
•Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python; Java; Scala; etc.
•Experience with data warehouse or data lake creation
•Experience with evaluating mainly open source database and data pipeline tools; designing data sources; custom loading programs and/or pipelines
• Experience building and optimizing ETL data pipelines; architectures and data sets an GCP/AWS or open source ecosystem
•Experience in production support transactional data sources and ETL data pipelines
•Ability to design database tables and schemas to support analytics operations or facilitate ETL
•Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases; query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
•Build processes supporting data transformation; data structures; metadata; dependency and workload management.
•Demonstrated capabilities using data analysis and visualization tools and methodologies.
•Experience with data management and cleansing of operational and analytical data stores maintaining data quality.
•You enjoy mentoring other engineers; having a voice in defining our challenging technical culture; and helping to build a fast-growing team (depending on level)
•Report any issues with the client stakeholders and UST leadership

•Tech Stack = PostgreSQL; CockroachDB; MySQL; MS SQL; Oracle; GCP (Google Cloud Platform); BigQuery; ETL; Java ;J2EE (pipeline would be a plus) Other tech tools = Jira; Aha!; Eclipse; Python scripting .",4.2,"UST Global
4.2","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
314,Data Analyst,-1,"Love data? Love to make a huge impact? As the Analyst within the Customer Analytics vertical at goPuff, you’ll bring thought-leadership and insights to help optimize many aspects of our business - from customer acquisition and retention to user behaviors and branding. You’ll help
lead our efforts to use data to understand how to improve all aspects of the customer experience. This role is within our data & analytics team and we’re designed to move fast. You’ll have the opportunity to make a huge impact as the future success of goPuff will depend
on the insights we derive from our data.

Help drive analytics for the Customer side of the business - including marketing analytics, site analytics, merchandising, pricing and promotions, and more.
Bring your unique data perspective and proven experience and hit the ground running as an analytical thought leader.
Obtain a deep understanding of the business drivers through data exploration, and make recommendations to optimize performance and deepen our understanding of customer behaviors
Perform deep-dives to analyze problems, identify opportunities and suggest experiments based on findings
Own data accuracy and integrity
Partner with other Analytics team members, Product Management, Engineering, and other functions to identify opportunities, propose solutions, and share insights - ensuring consistency of data-driven decision-making throughout the org

2+ years of experience in analytics or data science - preferably in fields related to marketing, digital merchandising, or consumer product
Bachelors in Business, Statistics, Engineering, or other quantitative discipline
Expert in SQL and database table design - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets
Proficiency in R or Python
A deep understanding of statistical analysis and experiment design
Experience in data warehousing concepts, big data technologies, and analytics platforms
Development experience with BI platforms such as Looker, Tableau, PeriscopeData
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Experience managing multiple cross-functional stakeholders
Experience collecting business requirements and working with engineering teams to implement marketing data pipelines
Top-notch organizational skills and ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Move fast, be a team player, always be learning and give back",3.9,"ORS Partners
3.9",Pennsylvania,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
315,Data Analyst,-1,"Mackin

Duties:
Gather, decompose, and document requirements needed to build analytics tools
Practice iterative, end-to-end development, to rapidly develop and deliver complex data sets, reports, and dashboards, as required by business stakeholders
Writes complex SQL to extract and transform data for visualization in Tableau and/or other Business Intelligence tools
Partners with Solutions Leads and QA team to build and own test strategy, test plan, test scenarios and test cases leading to business sign-off on analytics solutions
Skills:
5-7 years of experience.
Ability to write complex SQL to create and manipulate and test large data sets, and perform ETL required to formulate insights and drive solutions
Hands-on development experience using Tableau, Qlik, or other Business Intelligence Tools
Experience in combining complex data sources (e.g., data lineage, complex joins) to extract “how” and “what” that are needed for validating end-to-end reporting metrics
Strong understanding of of data management principles across large scale, unstructured, and transactional databases
Hands-on experience in setting up test beds, installing 3rd-party tools, debugging problems through logs and backend workflows
Ability to create and execute test strategies, test plans, test cases
Education:
Bachelor's degree",3.4,"Mackin
3.4","Menlo Park, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
316,Data Analyst,"$49k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description:

SpinSys, a leading Health IT solution provider focuses on advancing healthcare innovations through leveraging industry leading technologies. We are looking to add integral members to our DHA service delivery team to provide leading industry, cloud-based, mobile, web, BI, AI and big data solutions. If you are looking for an opportunity to work in a small team of high caliber developers, administrators and engineers focused on solving challenges using best-of-breed open-source and in-house developed solutions, then the SpinSys team is where you want to be. Learn more about our unique culture at http://www.spinsys.com/careers/work-at-spinsys/.

The Data Analyst will be responsible for modeling complex organizational problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. In addition to advanced analytic skills, this position must also have proficiency with integrating and preparation of large, varied datasets. Must have a background in architecting specialized database and computing environments and communicating results.

The Data Analyst must have an excellent set of communications skills, as this position requires that they work closely with clients, data stewards, project/program managers, and other IT teams to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound organizational decisions.

We are looking for a proven problem solver with 3+ years of hands-on functional experience in the following areas:

Working with integrated business, marketing and technology systems, such as BusinessObjects, Adobe Analytics, etc.
Transforming complex raw data into actionable business intelligence.
Answering business questions using data mining and business analysis tools, such as Excel, SQL Server, etc.
Experience working with SQL to perform large scale data analysis, strong MS Excel Skills a must
Developing business, financial and marketing performance metrics, reports and dashboards.
Measurements/Metrics Visualization Development Experience
. Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or related field
Security+ (or higher) Required
Data Center Experience a plus
Project Management Experience a plus
CompTIA networking certifications preferred
OS Level certification preferred
Professional or Specialty AWS Certifications are considered a plus for this position",4.7,"Spin Systems
4.7","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
317,Data Analyst,-1,"The Perduco Group, a LinQuest company, is seeking a Data Analyst to join our team at Eglin AFB.

Applicants should have experience working with both very large and very small data sets and be familiar with the complexities and hurdles that come with each. Applicants should understand the insights and limitations that data analysis brings in support of research, analysis, problem solving and decision support. The Data Analyst will be expected to already have deep knowledge of some statistical data processing package and be conversant in others. Understanding customer data needs, adjusting data collection efforts to meet those needs, and effectively communicating results are some of the expectations for Data Analysts.

Successful applicants should understand how underlying data distributions will impact inferential and parametric statistics. Additionally, the Data Analyst will be able to clearly articulate when underlying data do not support hypotheses and research objectives. Finally, a successful Data Analyst will be interested in and willing to continually expand their knowledge of automated tools.

Required Skills:

Expertise with using the Microsoft Office Suite of tools (Excel, Access, Word, Powerpoint)
Ability to work well both independently or as part of a team
Experience with JMP, SPSS, SAS, MatLab, or other automated statistical package
Experience with data validation and “cleaning”

Preferred Skills:

Significant experience working in JMP
Ability to create JMP scripts for further automation

Required Experience:

A Bachelor’s degree in data science, operations research, computational methods, statistics, or related field
5 years experience in analytic or related roles (with at least 3 years working primarily with data sets)
An active Secret clearance

Preferred Experience:

A Master’s degree in data science, operations research, computational methods, statistics, or related field
10 years experience within the DoD or as a Defense Contractor working in analytic or related roles (with at least 3 years working primarily with data sets)
Experience using data analysis results to support larger analytic objectives
Understanding of analytical methods and their uses/applications
Understanding of military operations
Working as part of a team to refine study requirements based on larger research goals
Understanding of AF munitions and weapon system capabilities, limitations, and employment concepts

Experience
Required
5 year(s): Data Analysis
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Statistics or related field
Licenses & Certifications
Required
Secret
Skills
Preferred
MATLAB
SAS
SPSS

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",4.6,"The Perduco Group
4.6","Eglin AFB, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
318,Data Analyst,-1,"Description:

The Bizzell Group, one of the fastest-growing businesses in America, is seeking a Data Analyst to integrate and interface clinically reliable, safe, and effective clinical technologies across the Department of Defense (DOD). You will be part of a small team implementing medical device integration.

. Requirements:
Establish and maintain an MDI TF database environment (MS SharePoint, MS SQL Server, MS Access and Concept Searching) to ensure full availability and currency of data
Maintain and periodically update the MDI TF Equipment Tracking and Resource Database a web-based repository of equipment, publications, links to publications, program and website directory listings, and other resources on Medical Devices and MHS Genesis deployment, supported by a robust search engine
Maintain relevant and current health, support, and program resource information, allowing for increased continuity of services, and facilitate collaboration among broad stakeholder community in DHA, Army, Navy and Air Force medical communities
Perform other duties as assigned

Required Skills

Ability to address fragmented data and inconsistent compilation and analysis from all stakeholders by creating a single, source of truth repository for devices/systems identified to be integrated into MHS GENESIS.
(The database will be scalable to flex with requirements throughout all three phases of implementation integrating various disparate data points and database into a single comprehensive system to support the queries, the analysis and most importantly, the ability to collaboratively share the data throughout the enterprise)

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree desired
At least two (2) years of working knowledge with content management in an MS SharePoint and SQL Server web repository environment
At least 2 years of experience in working with ETL & BI tools (SSIS, SSRS)
Hand on experience with database creation, integration, and management using tools such as MySQL, SQLite, and PostgreSQL
Intermediate knowledge of SQL, including the ability to write stored procedures, triggers, analytics/windowing functions, and tuning
Demonstrable proficiency with enterprise Business Intelligence tools (Tableau)
Working knowledge and experience with Web Server technologies such as J2EE, Apache, Nginx,
Experience with content management system development, deployment, and maintenance
Evidence of work with various API Integrations
Ability to design and develop ETL structures to extract, transform and load data from multiple data sources into the database based on requirements would be a plus
Knowledge of relational and dimensional database structures, theories, principles, and practices

Other Duties as Assigned

This position description should not be construed to imply that these requirements are the

exclusive standards of the position nor will it be the sole basis for any subsequent employee

evaluations.",4.7,"Bizzell Group
4.7","Lanham, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
319,Data Reporting Analyst,-1,"Looking for a SQL Data Analyst with 2+ years of experience for an IT client in the Raleigh and Greenville area to start immediately! This person will be responsible for creating and running SQL Queries, reporting, and overall data analysis for external customers.

This role is currently 100% remote, but is looking for someone located in the Raleigh-Durham, NC area.

SQL Queries
Reporting and Data Analysis
Bitbucket and PHP – nice to haves
Oracle databases, jboss application servers, java – ideal, but not required

Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities — fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE’s “Most Admired Companies” list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/technology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use .",3.6,"Robert Half
3.6","Raleigh, NC",-1,10000+ Employees,1948,Company - Public,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
320,Data Analyst - TS Clearance,-1,"Data Analyst - TS Clearance
We work within the realms of technology, intellectual property, and market knowledge to develop data-managing solutions to help companies improve their customer experience, revenue growth potential and lower overhead costs. We are looking to build our team with a Data Analyst who will be working within data intelligence and large service delivery, updating services, and mentoring younger analyst peers.
To excel in this position the ideal candidate will have experience leading projects from design to delivery and how-to architect, implement and build data intelligence solutions for customers.
Must possess a TS/SCI clearance or currently have a TS with the ability to upgrade
Willingness to work a flexible schedule and travel 15-30%
Security+ Certification (must be completed prior to start)
Experience with Pentaho and/or Hitachi Content Intelligence a strong plus
Top Reasons to Work with Us
Small team environment with security of larger company
Great benefits
Clear path for advancement
What You Will Be Doing
You will be responsible for ensuring the technical success of professional service delivery and work in combination with project managers and peer consultants in their design and planning efforts, troubleshooting, escalation management. You will also work to ensure project status is communicated, a plan is in place, and progress is being made according to project timeline.

The candidate will be completing and updating delivery checklists, pre-engagement checklists and creating and modifying customer facing deliverable solution documentation. This person will also start their own training to maintain the ability to deliver new and updated services as they are brought to customers. The person in this role may be the first in the field to deliver these solutions and mentor analyst peers
Throughout this role you will also be building relationships and trust with Engagement Managers, Project Managers, Solutions Consultants and Sales personnel engaged in service offerings.

Technical Overview:
Develop and test Java software plugins for HCP family of products
Develop and test components using TCP/IP, RSS, SMTP, ODBC/SQL, HTTP/REST, XML, JSON
Communicate with technical and non-technical members of the project team
Enterprise object storage solutions (e.g., S3, HCP, Centera)
Data migrations
Data Analytics solution development
GUI development and programming
Experience in troubleshooting, maintaining, and developing data-driven applications for enterprise environments
Experience with development and management of Linux based OSs
Experience with XML and JSON
Experience with APIs for SharePoint, MS Exchange or MS Work Folder
What You Need for this Position
Centera
Java
Security+ Certification
Data Migration
Rest
Linux
HCP
S3
Communication Skills
Presentation Skills
So, if you are a Data Analyst - TS Clearance with experience, please apply today!
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.
CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.",4.2,"CyberCoders
4.2","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
321,Data Analyst,"$36k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

RAZR Marketing is looking for a passionate and detail-oriented Data Analyst. This position will be responsible for a variety of reporting deliverables for external and internal customers of RMI. This includes end customer custom reports/dashboards, productized all-customer stand-alone reports/dashboards, embedded reports/dashboards, and internal reports/dashboards that support management and financial reporting needs. You will determines best practices and develops actionable insights and recommendations for the current business operations, works directly with the internal or external client to identify analytical requirements, may help to produce ad hoc data and reports and may assist in implementing or developing systems to capture business operation information

Responsibilities
Develop reports and present analysis in compelling ways
Craft and deliver engaging stories about trends, patterns, and recommended actions
Manage users and user roles and training end users on new reports and dashboards
Process confidential data and information according to guidelines
Design and manage the reporting environment, including data sources, security, and metadata
Work alongside teams within the business and/or leadership team to establish business needs
Wrangle data or request intelligently from a single or multiple system, source relevant data stories for customers
Interface with stakeholders and colleagues across the organization in producing reporting value and building our next generation reporting ecosystem.
Assessing, testing, and implementing new or upgraded software and assisting with strategic decisions on new systems
Identifying patterns and trends in data sets
Provide technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining and data cleansing
Skills & Abilities
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to prioritize tasks and to delegate them when appropriate
The ability to quickly learn about projects or products being developed
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Excellent time management skills with a proven ability to meet deadlines
Ability to juggle multiple goals and deadlines in the context of the big picture
Ability to build a strong network and relationships at executive levels with technology and solutions, customers, and vendor groups
Resilience and resourcefulness
Proven SQL and data visualization skills
Proficient with Microsoft Office and Google Suite
Education & Experience
Bachelor’s degree in related field (computer science, mathematics, statistics, economics) and a minimum of three years of related experience or equivalent combination of experience and education required
Experience with Tableau strongly desired
Experience with data models and reporting packages
About Us

RAZR is a fast-growing marketing technology company headquartered in the Twin Cities, and we count some of the country’s most recognized brands among our clients. Working across a spectrum of industries including healthcare, medical technology, financial services, and wealth management, we help companies establish meaningful connections with the audiences who drive their businesses. We do this by combining smart strategy, compelling creative and a proprietary suite of engagement technology.

We pride ourselves on a warm and welcoming culture of passion and pride, built by an eclectic group of fun-loving people at a hassle-free location in the Twin Cities’ west metro.

Our need is immediate, so reply without delay — with a current resume and your salary expectations — to careers@razrhq.com.",3.5,"RAZR Marketing
3.5","Minnetonka, MN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
322,Data Analyst,-1,"Data Analyst

Expertise.com connects over 8 million consumers annually to the best local experts in their area, whether they need a dog walker, financial advisor, or wedding photographer. With over 200,000 providers across more than 200 different industries, we dive deep into figuring out what makes a professional the best in their area of expertise and how to help the reader find the professional best for them.

We're looking for a Data Analyst based in the Los Angeles (Encino) area to join full-time. You will be joining Expertise.com at a formative time where there is large amounts of data being gathered (including site analytics, Google rankings, marketing operations, and more), but little of it exposed to the business. You will play a major role in tapping into this data to help shape & define the business strategy and execution plan going forward.

What You’ll Do

Influence business strategy by discovering and exposing compelling data insights
Translate data insights into actionable recommendations, balancing strategic objectives and tactical optimization
Ensure data integrity by testing and comparing similar data sources
Build and refine models to support business growth, such as pricing and forecasting
Consult with business leaders in Sales, Marketing, Operations, Content and other team members, helping define the business strategy

What It’ll Take

2 to 5 plus years of experience in a data-oriented role
Highly skilled in building queries using SQL & analysis in Excel
Experience building visualizations in tools such as Tableau, Qlikview or PowerBI
Experience with Salesforce SOQL (APEX is a plus)
Experience with Python and API creation a plus
Must be intellectually curious, extremely detail oriented and passionate about learning new technologies
A hands-on, team player with a positive outlook, an entrepreneurial spirit, the capacity to thrive in ambiguity, and the willingness to adapt to the needs of the business
Ability to work with diverse remote teams.
B.S. in engineering, economics, applied math, stats or any other quantitative field (preferred)

Who We Are

We’re a small but rapidly growing team driven by a bias-to-action mentality, balanced with a sense of humor.
We love to problem-solve creatively while keeping a sharp focus on the important drivers of the business.
We prioritize relentlessly to ensure that whatever we're working on is vital to our business' growth
We’re results-focused, but not afraid of failure as we lean into change and pursue our goals.
We’re open to new ideas and not afraid to break the status quo

Powered by JazzHR

IaAChcvYfa",-1,Expertise LLC,"Los Angeles, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Contract,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
323,Data Analyst,-1,"Job Description


Data Analyst
Orange County, CA.
6 Months Contract

Overview:
Seeking a talented hands-on Data Science Analyst to help drive the roadmap, adoption and execution of data science initiatives working closely with internal stakeholders and our company’s expert Data Science teams.
This person will have a background in data science, data management and manipulation, as well as analytics to report on results achieved in the program. A solid understanding of data science plays and their execution via digital marketing and commercial tactics will provide a strong base for success in this role.
Responsibilities:
A self-starter and strategic thinker who looks after the day-to-day operations and roadmap of the Marketing Data Science Program within LCD
A collaborator who works with LCD Market Development, Product Management, and other internal teams to understand business needs, identify potential opportunities and help gather data from a wide range of sources to support the program
A key point of contact for our Data Science teams who helps match business needs with existing Data Science projects/opportunities and helps drive the creation of new data science projects to support business goals
A creative thinker who can help turn insights and output from Data Science algorithms into actionable tactics to be executed via our Digital Marketing platforms and with our Commercial teams
A program/project manager who keeps track of LCD Data Science efforts and reports progress to business partners and leadership
Qualifications:
BA/BA in Data Science or a related discipline
3-5 years hands-on experience working with Data Science plays or solutions
Ability to communicate and collaborate with commercial, marketing, and product management teams
Strong project management and organizational skills
Advanced Microsoft Excel and data manipulation skills
Experience with databases, CRMs (SFDC), analytics, segmentation and/or email systems (Eloqua)
Apply by creating/using an account

Quick Apply

Quick Apply
x
Your Email
Upload Resume
Browse
Upload Resume
Upload from Google Drive
Upload from Dropbox
Upload from your device
Message
OK

Cancel
Quick Apply
x
Your Email
Upload Resume
Browse
Upload Resume
Upload from Google Drive
Upload from Dropbox
Upload from your device
Message
OK

Cancel
Data Processing Agreement
x
In order to support your job search to the best of our ability, we request your consent for our recruiting company to collect, store and reasonably disclose your resume and/or personal information for the sole purpose of job placement.

Our company is committed to maintaining your privacy. Upon receiving your consent, your data will be maintained in accordance with all applicable laws, and we will take every reasonable measure to ensure that this information is kept secure against unauthorized loss, disclosure or destruction. We will retain your information as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected, subject to reasonable legal limitation periods, statutory or regulatory retention requirements and legitimate business requirements. However, you have the right to request your data be removed from our database in accordance with any applicable legal requirements and regulations.
I Agree

Cancel
Data Processing Agreement
x
In order to support your job search to the best of our ability, we request your consent for our recruiting company to collect, store and reasonably disclose your resume and/or personal information for the sole purpose of job placement.

Our company is committed to maintaining your privacy. Upon receiving your consent, your data will be maintained in accordance with all applicable laws, and we will take every reasonable measure to ensure that this information is kept secure against unauthorized loss, disclosure or destruction. We will retain your information as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected, subject to reasonable legal limitation periods, statutory or regulatory retention requirements and legitimate business requirements. However, you have the right to request your data be removed from our database in accordance with any applicable legal requirements and regulations.
I Agree

Cancel
Message
x
You've applied! Good luck!
OK
Message
x
You've applied! Good luck!
OK
x
Application for job

#

20-02731

,

Data Analyst
Sign in
Email
Password
Forgot your password?

Sign in

Don't have an account yet?
Register
x
Application for job

#

20-02731

,

Data Analyst
Sign in
Email
Password
Forgot your password?

Sign in

Don't have an account yet?
Register",4.1,"Cogent Infotech
4.1","Orange, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
324,Data Analyst,"$46k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This position supports analysis of complex, multi-organizational clinical and financial data to assess quality, cost, and access outcomes and various supporting healthcare practice patterns. This positions supports holistic analysis across health system and independent provider services. Technical experience with SQL, coding and in one or more languages, database architecture principles, and business intelligence tools are required. A Master's degree in Health Information Technology, Computer Science, Statistics, Business or a related discipline is preferred; a Bachelor's Degree is required combined with 3-5 years of experience delivering credible and timely analysis.",3.3,"Cayuga Medical Center
3.3","Ithaca, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
325,Data Analyst - Merch/Food and Bev,"$53k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOIN US AS A DATA ANALYST MERCH / FOOD AND BEVERAGE

About us:

Target is an iconic brand, a Fortune 50 company and one of Americas leading retailers.

Behind one of the worlds best loved brands is a uniquely capable and brilliant team ofdata analysts. The Target Merchant Analytics team creates thetools and data productsto sustainably educate and enable our business partners to make greatdata-based decisions at Target. We are experts in data sourcing, data visualizations, and providing action oriented insights used by clients throughout the enterprise. We also play a key role in identifying the test-and-measureor A/B testopportunitiesthat continuously help Target improve the guest experience, whether they love to shop in stores or at Target.com.

OVERVIEW

As a Data Analyst, youll be part of an agile analyst team, supporting Target merchandising by actively exploring data and sourcing it for specific use cases. You would join and create measureable insights from the data to be shared; development of metrics, reports and statistics. You would document calculations, code and adhering to data management principles and validating and testing data assets of others in the form of peer review. You would explore statistical analysis that could be applied to the data. Help in performing descriptive statistics including mean, variance, median correlation. Train and communicate output to users to gather feedback and apply insights and testing in partnership with business users. In addition, active participation in team meetings, support agile ceremonies and train other data analysts on technical solutions. Youll work directly with managers, engineering and business users to gain insight and access to relevant data. Youll engage with product owners and users to deliver completed work. Develop additional metrics and insights that advance user stories via data discovery and enrichment. Job duties may change at any time due to business needs.

About you:
4 year degree or equivalent quantitative work experience
Understands Programming: SQL, Python, Scala; test driven development
Ability to learn, use, and teach reporting tools
Understand BI and Data dependencies
Demonstrates strong Math and/or Statistics; Mathematical logic (AND, OR, NOT); Descriptive Statistics; Applied Calculus (weighted averages, rates of change, single variable)
Statistical modeling
Demonstrate Testing and Research design; apply the scientific method and experimental design; generate insight from observation data
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)

Target will provide reasonable accommodations (such as a qualified sign language interpreter or other personal assistance) with the application process upon your request as required to comply with applicable laws. If you have a disability and require assistance in this application process, please visit your nearest Target store or Distribution Center or reach out to Guest Services at 1-800-440-0680 for additional information.",3.6,"Target
3.6","Minneapolis, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,General Merchandise & Superstores,Retail,$10+ billion (USD),-1
326,Data Analyst,-1,"Job Description:

Analyze and interpret financial risk data for Beshton, its customers, and its partner companies using expertise in economics and statistics;
Develop software and mathematical tools to evaluate loan applications and risk management, design statistical methods and algorithms for use in tools;
Identify trends in financial data and risk factors for businesses, process large amounts of collected data and make use of increased data points to increase forecasting accuracy;
Design Artificial Intelligence and machine learning models, apply modeling to Beshton’s data analysis tools and services;
Evaluate the algorithms and methods in risk management software to validate results and verify the accuracy of calculations;
Present software deliverables to management and client companies, make changes to analysis tools based on software requirements;
Report analysis results using internal tools, provide statistical visualizations and in-depth reporting that translates data into business insight.

Requirement:

Minimum a Master’s Degree in Economics/Econometrics.

Apply send email to career@beshton.com",4.0,"Beshton Software
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
327,Data Analyst - Junior,-1,"High Reliability Solutions (HRS) is our name.

Junior Data Analyst
Washington, DC 20571

HRS Consulting, Inc. is staffed by human performance and training professionals who specialize in assisting our clients to adopt the best practices of High Reliability Organizations. Our experts include professionals with extensive experience introducing HRO principles and enthusiasm for HROs in healthcare. We have a portfolio of proven tools and systems to advance our customers goals.

Position Description:


HRS Consulting, Inc. is seeking a Data Analyst Junior to work in support of the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide best value healthcare and professional consulting services to the Veterans Health Administration (VHA). Qualified candidates will have experience working with advanced computerized models to extrapolate data patterns using advanced algorithms. Experience in VA information systems and databases and ability to utilize Pyramid analytics and/or Tableau is preferred.

Duties/Responsibilities:

Providing consultation and process improvements for availability, usability, integrity, and security of the VHAs healthcare data
Working closely with VHA Systems and files to obtain data through advanced computerized models
Evaluating and recommending solutions for records management in compliance with healthcare industry standards
Extrapolating data patterns through advanced algorithms
Evaluating current data needs and establishing a reporting process
Developing graphs and charts and provide mathematical information to support projects
Maintaining communication with stakeholders and presenting data collection information and analysis to support business models, predictions, and profitable future trends
Identifying patterns in data and producing and producing reports to provide alternative approaches
Experience/Education Requirements:

U.S. Citizen or Green Card Holder
Eligibility to obtain Veterans Affairs (VA) suitability approval to access agency computer systems and facilities required to start work; current VA credentials preferred
Bachelors degree required; Studies in Mathematics, Data Science, or related discipline preferred
3+ years of related experience supporting data analysis and making recommendations on business models for a government healthcare organization
Experience conducting analysis and generating reports and documentation identifying patterns in data, using advanced algorithms, suggesting alternative approaches, etc.
Experience with data driven technologies and visualization tools
Experience in VA information systems and databases and ability to utilize Pyramid analytics and/or Tableau is preferred
Ability to clearly communicate and exchange information with co-workers, teammates, stakeholders, and other personnel, as required.
Experience evaluating and recommending records management solutions to compile, evaluate, analyze, control, and secure data in accordance with healthcare regulations
Expertise to assess existing legacy systems and document storage approaches following healthcare industry standards
Proficiency working across the Microsoft Office Suite, including advanced Excel skills
Work Environment/Physical Demands:

This job operates in a professional office environment with prolonged periods sitting at a desk, attending meetings, and using standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, and video teleconferencing equipment.
This is a largely sedentary role; however, the ability to move office items such as files, laptop/computer equipment, meeting materials, and other work supplies may require carrying and lifting items up to 15 pounds at times.
Business travel may be required.
HRS Consulting, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

We comply with Form I-9 identity and legal work authorization requirements and utilize E-Verify for Employment Eligibility Verification in accordance the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 (IRCA).

Individuals with disabilities who need assistance with the application process can reach us by email at recruiting@ihthrs.com or telephone 954-217-6241.

www.hrsconsults.com",-1,"HRS Consulting, Inc.","Washington, DC",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
328,Data Analyst,"$46k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","PotomacWave is looking for a Data Analyst to join our team supporting a Federal client in Washington, DC. This position is in fast paced environment actively working to update and improve government policy. This is a perfect opportunity for a Consultant looking to take the next step in their career!

Responsibilities:
Serve as lead Data Analyst in support of daily casework operations; identifies, reports on, and visualizes trends and issues in client casework for sharing with client and stakeholders.
Create descriptive statistics and visualizations for incorporation into a number of external-facing documents and presentations for the client.
Use program knowledge to consult and collaborate on various project management areas: Communications & Outreach, Operations, Risk Management and Strategic Planning.
Maintain datasets and Tableau Server to ensure data accuracy and recency
Deliver thorough and timely periodic reports to client for dissemination to the public.
Produce numerous descriptive statistics and ad hoc analyses for client reporting to program directors and external stakeholders.
Create descriptive statistics and visualizations for incorporation into a number of external-facing documents and presentations for the client.
Collaborate with team to help refine/produce documentation for Communications & Outreach, Operations, Risk Management, and Strategic Planning.
Integrate several outside publicly available data sources to the client data in order to provide greater understanding of client demographics
Functional Performance:
Completes tasks and deliverables in a timely and accurate manner
Analyzes, researches, and develops client solutions with team and supports team in implementation and client acceptance process
Collaborates and communicates effectively with client and team members
Ensures quality tasks and deliverables are completed on time
Responsible for quality, timely, and relevant content to proposals for assigned areas
Demonstrates interest and effort in meeting team goals, and contributes to meeting client/team missions
Understands client environment and assists Program Manager in addressing client challenges or issues and identifies ways to provide value to the client
Builds rapport with clients and represent PotomacWave in a positive and professional manner
Reacts to client needs and direction, and adapts to a changing environment
Qualifications:
Four or more (4+) years of related experience in Data Analytics
Bachelors degree in a relevant field (business administration, finance, accounting, engineering, economics, MIS, etc.)
Knowledge of flood insurance and emergency management a plus
Able to work on multiple tasks and projects simultaneously
Proficiency in SalesForce, R, Tableau, and Excel greatly desired
Candidate must be a US Citizen capable of obtaining a Government clearance
Equal Opportunity Employer/Race/Sex/Religion/Disability/Veteran Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Age.

Powered by JazzHR",4.5,"PotomacWave Consulting
4.5","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
329,"Senior Business Data Analyst, Consumer Marketing","$55k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title:
Senior Business Data Analyst, Consumer Marketing

Location:
US, Texas, Plano
Role Overview:


McAfee is looking for an experienced Senior Business Analyst to join our digital marketing team. You will analyze our Consumer Growth Marketing acquisition and Retention Business including digital channel performance, channel forecasting, leading root cause analysis, and more. You will provide cross-department marketing insights to influence media systems, strategy, creative and content teams. You will build internal measurement and reporting processes and implement our results dashboards. You will report to the head of customer insights and analytics.This is a high visibility role working with sales, finance, and senior business leaders.



Company Overview


From device to cloud, McAfee provides market-leading cybersecurity solutions for both business and consumers. We help businesses orchestrate cyber environments that are truly integrated, where protection, detection, and correction of security threats happen simultaneously. For consumers, McAfee secures your devices against viruses, malware, and other threats, both at home and away. We want to continue to shape the future of cybersecurity by working together to build best in class products and solutions.

About the role:
You will work with global business leads helping them with strategy discussions aiding with important insights on customer journey and on important metrics performance.
You will perform data analysis across all applicable marketing technologies, and communicate insights and recommendations based on findings
You will summarize data from multiple sources, developing assumptions where needed, to communicate insight and opportunity
You will build analysis, data visualizations, and reporting that provides important insights
You will organize our needs, collaborate in the design of diagnostic solutions, developing experimentation backlog based on opportunity ranking and achieve data products and insights
You will translate requirements into technical specifications for data and reporting teams and, conversely, technical approaches into easily digestible insights
You will work with the digital marketers to build time series, seasonality and forecasting models on demand and play a data science role.
You will develop processes and protocols for data monitoring, hygiene (e.g, validation), and other strategies that help uncover gaps and opportunities to improve the business
You will conduct cross-training sessions with team about new tools and techniques for mining customer insights
You will interpret and use data science models, interpret results, draw conclusions about findings and tell a story with data findings.
You will create informative reporting that highlights relevant business trends and opportunities for improvement
About you:
You have experience transforming data trends into useful customer insights to improve data-driven strategy and customer experience
You have professional experience in a digital role working with data, excels, business models as part of a marketing team
You have 5+ years of experience working in Digital, Traditional and B2C Marketing teams
You have a working knowledge of PowerBI, Azure, Adobe Analytics, or Google Analytics
You have experience using advanced Excel features (pivot tables, vlookups)
You have basic skills in SQL and experience with Tableau, PowerBI, or other visualization tools
You have an interest in ever-growing Internet technologies, current online trends, and marketing tactics (Search, Social, SEO, or Email)
Company Benefits and Perks:


We work hard to embrace diversity and inclusion and encourage everyone at McAfee to bring their authentic selves to work every day. We offer a variety of social programs, flexible work hours and family-friendly benefits to all of our employees.
Pension and Retirement Plans
Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
Paid Time Off
Paid Parental Leave
Support for Community Involvement
We're serious about our commitment to diversity which is why McAfee prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.

Job Type:


Experienced Hire

Primary Location:
US, Texas, Plano

Additional Locations:
US, California, San Jose",3.6,"McAfee
3.6","Plano, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
330,Data Analyst,-1,"BacklotCars is seeking a Data Analyst to join our dynamic Data Operations team. We're an online marketplace for auto dealers and our platform is changing the way dealers buy/sell wholesale vehicles.

This person will partner with all departments to inform and track strategic initiatives with data. You'll move the business forward by working across all parts of the business--including Operations, Product, Tech, and Finance--to make data available and transparent so teams can make data-driven decisions.

What You'll Do:
Inspire and influence a data-driven culture by partnering and collaborating with stakeholders across teams
Leverage data to understand users and their product usage, developing insights that apply to product, marketing, and other business strategy.
Interpret data within the context of business goals and objectives, identify trends, and explore data through a variety of segments and cohorts
Build and maintain clear, concise, and accurate dashboards, standardize data communication processes, and create actionable reports
Improve and automate data tasks and continuously refresh existing data extraction, aggregation, and analytical processes
Partner with executives, product managers, engineers, marketers, designers to translate data insights into smarter decisions and applications.
What You'll Need:
1-3 years experience in product analytics, ETLs, other integrations technologies
Experience or exposure to Domo considered a huge plus
Programming experience highly preferred (Python, Javascript) - external data to augment our processes is frequent and you'll need the tools to harvest your own
Strong critical thinking and logic problem solving skills.
Extensive experience and passion for data, metrics and dashboards visualizations
Highly skilled at writing SQL and experience with SQL backend systems
Strong communication and presentation skills
independent and driven personality.
Degree in a related field or equivalent experience (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Math, Sciences, Engineering)
Why You Want To Work Here:
Cool people, solving cool problems to disrupt the marketplace
We value your input. You will have the opportunity to not only lead the growth on a new market but help us to continually improve our products and solutions
Opportunity to get in on the ""ground floor"" of a growing company
About Us:

BacklotCars is an online marketplace for auto dealers and is changing the way auto dealers buy/sell wholesale vehicles.

Through BacklotCars, auto dealers, auto finance, and rental car companies can transact without having to go to physical auctions. Our end to end solution is truly seamless for dealers, as BacklotCars provides vehicle inspections, transportation, and inventory finance. Our mission is to make wholesale easy so dealers can be more successful

The team at BacklotCars includes professionals from both inside and outside the auto industry, which gives us a unique perspective on its problems and innovative solutions. We blend our deep expertise in the auto industry and technology to modernize auto wholesale.

We were founded in Kansas City and graduated from 500 Startups, a prestigious accelerator in Silicon Valley. Since launching, we've seen tremendous growth and now help dealers buy and sell thousands of cars a month across 25 states. As one of the fastest growing early-stage startups in the region, we've attracted investors from all over the world.

We are looking for individuals who share our growth mindset, and who are ready to execute on ideas that will change an industry. Join us as we keep this expansion rolling.",4.3,"BacklotCars
4.3","Kansas City, MO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
331,"Analyst, Data Science, Solaria Labs","$53k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Advance your career at Liberty Mutual - A Fortune 100 Company! The economy is transforming, and to adapt, Liberty Mutual has established Solaria Labs (https://www.solarialabs.com): a global team that builds disruptive new products around emerging consumer trends like micro-mobility and the sharing economy. We have already launched a few products and one company since we started — for examples, see https://www.getcertainly.com, https://www.trydwellbeing.com/, and https://www.totalhomescore.com.

THE ROLE

As a Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer in Solaria Labs, you will be part of a team working on most challenging Data Science and Machine Learning problems from computer vision to natural language understanding

Responsibilities Include

Translate product ideas into well-posed data science challenges, and solve them
Design, develop, and deploy Machine Learning (ML) systems backing our products, including computer vision, NLP, and others
Translate and champion our ML capabilities for non-technical audiences
Participate in the broader ML community to stay current with the latest techniques and software

The actual internal level/grade for this role will depend on the candidate’s overall experience and skill level.

Qualifications:
Competencies typically acquired through a Master’s degree (in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or other scientific field of study) and 0-1 years of experience, or may be acquired through a Bachelor’s degree (scientific field of study) and 3+ years of relevant experience

Experience analyzing data and a broad understanding of core statistical and ML techniques

Expertise with Python, along with standard machine learning libraries

Proven track record of rapid prototyping and development, leveraging open source or commercial frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, Hadoop, AWS) is a plus

Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with significant uncertainty

Possession of strong analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills

Benefits:

We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/BenefitsOverview:At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.",3.5,"Liberty Mutual Insurance
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1912,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
332,Google Looker Data Analyst,-1,"Hello,

Please go through below job description and let me know your interest.
Role : Google Looker Data Analyst*
Location : **Plano, TX 75024*
Duration : 12+ Month *
Job Details: *
Job Details: Must Have Skills

\* Should have experience in Google Looker

\* Should have experience in snowflake

Nice to have skills

Detailed Job Description

\* Should have experience in Google Looker Visualization tool.

\* Should have experience in Snowflake.

\* Design and implement effective Analytics solutions and models with Snowflake. Expertise in Snowflake data modeling ELT using Snowflake SQL.

Minimum years of experience 5+

Certifications Needed : No

Top 3 responsibilities you would expect the Subcon to shoulder and execute

\* Should have experience in Google Looker

\* Should have experience in snowflake

Interview Process (Is face to face required?) No

Thanks

Sumit Talekar | Sr. Technical Recruiter | USA & Canada

SILVERLINK TECHNOLOGIES LLC

Contract length: 12 months

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $70.00 - $72.00 per hour

Experience:
Google Looker: 5 years (Preferred)
Google Looker Visualization tool: 5 years (Preferred)
snowflake: 5 years (Preferred)
ELT : 4 years (Preferred)",3.9,"SILVERLINK TECHNOLOGIES LLC
3.9","Plano, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
333,Data Analyst,"$44k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Job ID#:
2359

Job Category:
Behavioral Health (Promesa)

Position Type:
Full Time

Details:


Acacia Network, the leading Latino integrated care nonprofit in the nation, offers the community, from children to seniors, a pathway to behavioral and primary healthcare, housing, and empowerment. We are visionary leaders transforming the triple aim of high quality, great experience at a lower cost. Acacia champions a collaborative environment to deliver vital health, housing and community building services, work we have been doing since 1969. By hiring talented individuals like you, we’ve been able to expand quickly, with offices in Albany, Buffalo, Syracuse, Orlando, Tennessee, Maryland and Puerto Rico.

The Data Analyst is responsible for entering information into the Nextgen EHR, importing data results for analysis, analyzing data trends, completing QA/QI to improve program performance and outcomes based on trends and will be a member of the integrated treatment team. Under supervision of the Program Director, the requirements listed below represent the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities as defined by the ADA to perform the essential functions of the job. The functions below outline the general responsibilities associated with this position. Each of these functions is considered critical to effective department operations and our Mission. It is expected that all staff in this position will have satisfactory attendance and will perform these functions as assigned in a competent, cooperative, and timely manner. The Job Description will be reviewed periodically for accuracy and/or adjusted according to business necessity.


KEY ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Will enter all required data into Nextgen and run queries in SQL at the back end
Will run daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports as per program needs and performance indicators.
Generates quality indicator reports from Nextgen database as requested and assigned by supervisor.
Maintains Data spreadsheet up-to-date by keeping all required data indicators as per program regulations by mapping from front end to back end and validating it.
Coordinates and maintains record of consumer participation in the program by conducting surveys, activities and integrating consumers to participate in activities as per program regulations.
Generates and inputs discharge and re-entry information for consumers on the Nextgen database as per program requirements and assigned by supervisor.
Participates in integrated team meetings, collects data information as per program requirements and maintain accuracy in data spreadsheet.
Complete quality improvement projects based on data trends.
Act as curator of new datasets, documenting and performing quality checks.
Completes all required training as per program regulations for entering consumer data and as assigned by supervisor.
Completes office duties as needed/required by Supervisor.
Completes additional tasks as assigned by Supervisor.

REQUIREMENTS:
College degree preferred
Knowledge of the Nextgen database and proficiency in SQL
Experience or desire to work with people who have a mental illness
Positive attitude and professional demeanor
A self starter
Ability to complete work independently as well as in collaboration with team members
Must be team oriented with a willingness to be flexible and helpful.
Excellent computer skills including, Microsoft Windows, Excel, PowerPoint, and electronic communications tools: internet and email
Ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing
Highly organized, motivated self-starter
Excellent time management skills.
Acacia Network is an equal opportunity employer*

Job Requirements


Already have an account? Log in here",3.3,"Acacia Network
3.3","Bronx, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1966,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
334,Data Analyst - LT Contract,"$35k-$64k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst needed to build and manage reporting function for multiple clients. Strong analytic and data management experience needed to work with data science team to deliver statistical analysis across corporate enterprise.Utilize SQL, Python and Database tools to gather, organize and analyze large data sets and report back to clients on findings and recommendations using statistical and visualization tools and methods.
Work with data engineers to structure large data sets to find usable information
Establish KPI(TM)s to measure the effectiveness of business decisions
Utilize Tableau to build dashboards and automate data feeds and reporting processes
Requires
1 "" 2 years(TM) experience working with large data sets
Strong analytic and problem-solving experience in fast-paced business setting
Hands-on skills in SQL, R or Python, Tableau, data visualizations
Degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics or related field",3.2,"Numeric, LLC
3.2","Phila, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
335,Data Analyst,-1,"_Audantic offers you the opportunity to have a big impact within our company and for our clients! _This 100% remote *Data Analyst* position provides a large degree of autonomy and responsibility to find solutions to complex problems for the business and our clients, making a large impact on the future success of the company. Audantic specializes in big data, predictive modeling, and machine learning for the real estate industry.
The Role*
You will join our data science and engineering team but work closely with product managers, client success managers, and senior leadership to inform the organization and drive data-driven decisions. Your activities will be varied which may include developing processes for testing and ensuring data quality, building dashboards to measure product success and analytics to support sales, and working closely with a client success manager to address specific problems that clients may face.
To join our team, you must have*
Initiative
Passion for working with data and statistical analysis
Drive to find independent solutions
Curiosity to explore and learn
Our Requirements*
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field
1+ years of experience in a data analyst role or similar; at least 3 years of qualified experience if no bachelor’s degree
Demonstrated use of statistical analysis to understand and find patterns in large data sets
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to extract actionable business recommendations from data and effectively convey these findings to technical and non-technical stakeholders
Ability to manage own work on multiple projects and turn vague requirements into effective solutions
Demonstrated experience with SQL and relational databases; non-relational databases a plus
Proficiency with Microsoft Excel (formulas, plotting, etc.)
Experience creating and maintaining reporting, visualizations, and dashboards in Tableau, Looker, or similar tool
Experience manipulating data for analysis and visualization with Python or other programming language
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Include a cover letter describing past project(s) demonstrating use of SQL, statistical analysis and visualization of results.*
We Provide*
100% remote work
Competitive salary
100% paid medical, dental and vision insurance for full-time employees
401(k) plan with employer matching
Paid Time Off
Customized monthly perks
Skill building with paid trainings on platforms and programs
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $55,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Experience:
Data analytics: 1 year (Required)
SQL and relational databases: 1 year (Required)
Tableau, Looker or similar tool: 1 year (Required)
Python or other programming language: 1 year (Required)
Statistical analysis: 1 year (Required)
Work Location:
Fully Remote
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Company's website:
https://audantic.com/
Work Remotely:
Yes",3.0,"Audantic
3.0","Seattle, WA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
336,Data Analyst for Product,-1,"As a Data Analyst for Product at CircleCI, you will:
Lead all things data for a team in our Product organization
Deeply understand what drives our customers and products
Analyze large, rich data sets
Improve our product to help 100,000+ developers build and deliver software faster
About Product's Data Science and Analytics team at CircleCI


You will be a member of CircleCI's 8-person data science and analytics team reporting to our director. The data science and analytics team is focused on improving our product experience and building a data-driven product culture.

You will be embedded into a CircleCI product team. Your team will be led by a Product Manager and will span Product, Design, and Engineering. The team is chartered to deliver measurable improvements to specific CircleCI products and services. You will be the product team's lead for all things data.

What you'll do:
Be a brilliant analyst: Turn business problems into research plans. Leverage data from our data lake, data warehouse, source systems, and third parties. Work confidently with clean and messy data. Assess, clean, and explore our data. Soundly use statistics and probability. Tell compelling stories. Build impactful visualizations. Present insights to peers and executives. Drive action and outcomes. Turn repetitive analyses into dashboards.
Support a product team: Partner with product managers. Build context and ask smart questions. Brainstorm ideas, experiments, and hypotheses. Build data-driven business cases. Help set team goals. Define, document, monitor, and forecast key metrics. Perform root cause analyses on key metrics. Define requirements for developers to improve data instrumentation. Build data pipelines and tables.
Understand our product and customers: Analyze product features, journeys, and life cycles. Drive conversion, engagement, and efficiency across our product funnel. Improve activation, monetization, engagement, and retention. Identify important customer characteristics and behaviors. Improve segmenting and cohorting.
Leverage a growth toolkit: Define the models, paths, and loops of growth for your product. Identify and prioritize opportunities for incremental improvements. Work in cycles of build, measure, and learn. Define, implement, and interpret A/B tests and other experiments. Educate stakeholders on statistical validity.
Improve our analytics practices: Scale success. Celebrate failing fast. Mature from one-off tactics to repeatable processes. Embrace not just quantitative insights but also qualitative; not just analytics, but also creative thinking. Define requirements for data engineering to improve data transformation, automation, and analytics capabilities.
What we're looking for:


3 years of analytics experience: At least 3 years of analytics experience. Prior experience in an analytics role specifically focused on product or growth is highly preferred
Experience at a high-growth company: Analytics experience with high-growth businesses. Ideally, those with well-defined, product-enabled funnels and complex, high-volume customer flows.
Technical education: A bachelor's degree in a technical or quantitative field (e.g., Analytics, Computer Science, Data Science, Economics, Engineering, Finance, Mathematics, or Statistics,). A similar Master's degree is a bonus.
Proficiency across analytics tools: Deep experience with analytical SQL queries (e.g., inner/left/right joins, CTEs, and window functions). Experience scripting in a notebook environment, preferably using Python, Pandas, and Jupyter. A desire to grow your modeling, machine learning, and data science skills. Familiarity with basic statistics (e.g., descriptive statistics, experiments, significance testing, and linear regression). Experience with a major analytics/visualization platform (e.g., Tableau or Looker).
Proficiency across growth tools: Productive with growth tools. Specifically a product or events analytics platform (e.g., Google Analytics, Amplitude, or Segment) and an A/B testing tool (e.g., Optimizely, VWO, or a home-grown implementation).
Right soft skills: Passion for data, discovery, and problem-solving. Curious; confident; open to questioning assumptions and being questioned. Effective communicator across technical and business audiences. Able to manage stakeholder expectations and work with hands-on executives. Entrepreneurial; fast-moving; able to balance vision and execution; and not easily discouraged. An instinct for value and focused on the incremental.
You can work remotely anywhere in North America. You also have the option to work out of our San Francisco, Denver, Boston or Toronto offices. CircleCI is a distributed company with team members across 50+ cities and 13 countries.

How to apply


If you're interested in joining the team at CircleCI, please send a resumé and a cover letter if you'd like to let us know describing what inspires you and why you think you are a good fit for the team. If you contribute to an open-source project, write a blog, or have a presence on the web (GitHub, Twitter, Stack, etc.) we would love to hear about it.

We know there's no such thing as a ""perfect"" candidate. We're all a work in progress and are growing new skills and capabilities all the time. CircleCI welcomes those who are enthusiastic about learning and evolving, so however you identify and whatever your background, if this looks like a role where you could do work that excites you, we hope you'll apply.

About CircleCI


CircleCI is the world's largest shared continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) platform, and the central hub where code moves from idea to delivery. As one of the most-used DevOps tools that processes more than 1 million builds a day, CircleCI has unique access to data on how engineering teams work, and how their code runs. Companies like Spotify, Coinbase, Stitch Fix, and BuzzFeed use us to improve engineering team productivity, release better products, and get to market faster.

Founded in 2011 and headquartered in downtown San Francisco with a global, remote workforce, CircleCI is venture-backed by IVP, Sapphire Ventures, Owl Rock, NextEquity Partners, Scale Venture Partners, Threshold Ventures, Baseline Ventures, Top Tier Capital Partners, Industry Ventures, Heavybit, and Harrison Metal Capital. Learn more at https://circleci.com.

CircleCI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.",4.0,"CircleCI
4.0",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
337,Data Analyst,"$46k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description

A best-in-class city that attracts best-in-class talent, Philadelphia is an incredible place to build a career. From our thriving arts scene and rich history to our culture of passion and grit, there are countless reasons to love living and working here. With a workforce of over 30,000 people, and more than 1,000 different job categories, the City of Philadelphia offers boundless opportunities to make an impact.

As an employer, the City of Philadelphia values inclusion, integrity, innovation, empowerment, and hard work above all else. We offer a vibrant work environment, comprehensive health care and benefits, and the experience you need to grow and excel. If you’re interested in working with a passionate team of people who care about the future of Philadelphia, start here.

What We Offer:

Impact - The work you do here matters to millions.

Growth - Philadelphia is growing, why not grow with it?

Diversity & Inclusion - Find a career in a place where everyone belongs.

Opportunities in Tech - Don’t wait for the future, shape it.

Benefits - We care about your well being.

Agency Description

The City of Philadelphia’s Energy Office serves to manage energy supply and demand for city government operations. The mission of the Energy Office is to:
Strategically procure cost-effective, reliable, clean energy and conventional energy systems for city government
Promote energy conservation and efficiency within City departments by providing education, technical expertise, promoting systems change, and analysis of energy used
Develop and implement projects and programs that promote the efficient use of energy and reduce the City's environmental impact
Support Philadelphia’s climate and energy goals; and position City government to lead by example
The Energy Office is housed within the City of Philadelphia’s Office of Sustainability (OOS). OOS works with partners around the City to improve quality of life in all Philadelphia neighborhoods, reduce the City’s carbon emissions, and prepare Philadelphia for a hotter, wetter future.

Job Description

This position reports to the City’s Senior Energy Management Analyst and collaborates with other members of the Energy Office, the Office of Sustainability (OOS), and additional partner departments and agencies. This is an opportunity to help solve complex problems, gain valuable experience in energy and facilities management, and contribute to the sustainability goals outlined in the City’s Municipal Energy Master Plan.

Essential Functions
Assist in managing the City’s energy management database, including bill upkeep and uploads, user training and major data changes.
Ensure data is accurate and work to apply solutions when it is not.
Manage day-to-day issues with utility bills and meters working with facilities personnel and utility companies.
Work closely with the Senior Energy Management Analyst in identifying areas for automation in utility billing and energy management tasks and work together to develop solutions.
Track and analyze energy use at the facility and department level and offer direct support to departments in achieving energy reductions.
Track and verify savings of completed energy efficiency and conservation projects.
Develop a reporting process for completed work and projects.
Support Energy Office staff in running reports, analyzing data, supporting energy conservation and efficiency programs, and office administrative items.
Support regular updates to the City’s municipal greenhouse gas inventory.
Work closely with the Senior Energy Management Analyst to support municipal building benchmarking.
Support work to advance racial equity and environmental justice principles across OOS priority areas, portfolio, and initiatives.
Qualifications
4 years of experience in energy management, utilities, data analysis, or other relevant experience (for example, data processing). Each year of relevant post-secondary education will be counted toward experience.
Preferred Qualifications
LEED Green Associate credential.
Familiarity with energy systems and passion for sustainability.
Knowledge of new and emerging trends in the area of energy efficiency and energy management.
Familiarity with racial equity and environmental justice issues.
Energy management database experience.
Competencies, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong organizational and analytical skills.
Ability to manipulate, analyze, and organize large data sets.
Experience with Microsoft Excel.
Comfortable and effective working both independently and on teams.
Experience with data analysis platforms: R, Python, etc.
Willingness to engage in and support the office’s racial equity and environmental justice work.
Additional Information

Salary: $45,000 - $55,000

Cover letters and other supporting documents will be accepted but not required.

Closing Date: October 27th, 2020.

Job Training & Professional Development Statement

OOS is committed to building the capacity of staff members. In addition to access to external trainings, certifications or other professional development opportunities, learning also occurs in a shared setting. All team members jointly participate in exploring new concepts, resources, and skills. The entire OOS team convenes regularly to strengthen skills and competencies through knowledge exchange, resource sharing, and peer-to-peer support.

Staff further build skills and knowledge through mentoring with members of the senior leadership team and peer-to-peer mentoring. Staff receive guidance and coaching from other OOS staff as well as other partners based on professional growth interests.

Did you know?
We are a Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program qualified employer
Employees are eligible for a 25% tuition discount program (and sometimes spouses and dependents as well) in partnership with area colleges and universities
We offer comprehensive health coverage for employees and their eligible dependents
Our wellness program offers eligibility into the discounted medical plan
Employees receive paid vacation, sick leave, and holidays
Generous retirement savings options are available
Successful candidate must be a city of Philadelphia resident within six months of hire

The City of Philadelphia is an Equal Opportunity employer and does not permit discrimination based on race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, source of income, familial status, genetic information or domestic or sexual violence victim status. If you believe you were discriminated against, call the Philadelphia Commission on Human Relations at 215-686-4670 or send an email to faqpchr@phila.gov. For more information, go to: Human Relations Website: http://www.phila.gov/humanrelations/Pages/default.aspx

#LI-OHR",3.6,"City of Philadelphia
3.6","Philadelphia, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1682,Government,Municipal Governments,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
338,Data Scientist / Product Analyst,-1,"ClassDojo's ultimate goal is to create an education system that gives every child on Earth an education they love. We are doing this by bringing together communities of teachers, children and families, and then helping them get learning experiences their children love. Last school year, we served over 40 million children—with a team of just 45.

Data is core to how ClassDojo makes decisions. As our third Data Scientist / Product Analyst, you'll help build a global consumer education business reaching tens of millions of parents, teachers, and children by creating, monetizing and analyzing products,. You'll grow ClassDojo to our next major milestone: reach 100 million+ active families, and 100 million+ in revenue, while deepening our brand love.

As a data science team, we work closely with partners across product, engineering, design, research and marketing to develop business insights and inform product and company strategy. We're looking for high-performing generalist data scientists, with experience in product and/or business analytics, to come work alongside us to take on some of the most interesting and impactful problems in education.

You'll shape direction as part of a high context, cross-functional team, where we value learning quickly to build a modern education system for hundreds of millions of teachers, children and families. You'll pursue a variety of problems ranging from understanding our users, to ensuring we invest in the right growth strategies in each of the 180+ countries we operate in, to growing our community, to empowering teams to find their own answers. You'll work with colleagues across the business to uncover insights, design experiments and measure the impact, and ultimately help influence decision-making across the entire company.

What you'll do:

Partner with product managers, engineers, marketers, designers, and operators to define product strategy and direction
Develop analytical frameworks to monitor business and product performance, including growth and engagement
Identify opportunities for growth by designing and analyzing product experiments, working with cross-functional teams to translate insights into action
Empower teammates with the skills and tools to make data-driven decisions.

Relevant skills / experience

3+ years of industry experience in a data science or analytics role
Ability to write structured and efficient SQL queries on large data sets
Experience designing AB/multivariate tests and drawing actionable conclusions
Ability to visualize and communicate insights to stakeholders
Bonus: Experience with data pipelines: transforming raw production and external data into user-friendly tables.

About ClassDojo

ClassDojo's mission is to bring communities together, and help them create an education experience their children love. Founded in 2011 (ImagineK12 / Y Combinator) and based in San Francisco, California, ClassDojo started as a communication app: a simple way for teachers, families, and children to share the magic of the school day through photos, videos, and messages. It creates a close-knit classroom community, and exciting, inspiring and creative classrooms and homes for kids. We're one of the fastest growing education companies of all time, used and loved by tens of millions of teachers, families and children in 90% of K-8 schools in the US, and 180 other countries.

You can read more about our vision to change education from the ground up here: https://medium.com/@samchaudhary/https-medium-com-samchaudhary-how-to-change-education-from-the-ground-up-f82b8f3e4b95.

The Team

We believe focused, talented, non-hierarchical teams can achieve a surprising amount: https://blog.ycombinator.com/its-surprising-how-much-small-teams-can-get-done-sam-chaudhary-of-classdojo/. Our team is made up of engineers, designers, and educators from around the world, with deep backgrounds in education, as well as from leading consumer internet organizations like Instagram, Netflix, Dropbox, Uber, Y Combinator and more. We're building a company that will transform education, and one that is the kind of place we've all always wanted to work. We believe you'll do the best work of your life here.

Diversity

ClassDojo's vision is to give every child on Earth an education they love. We strongly feel the best way to do this is to work with people from diverse backgrounds that truly reflect the world. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. In accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We are happy to accommodate any disabilities or special needs. We hire both locally in San Francisco, and distributed teammates around the world.

If you're excited about having an impact in education at massive scale, we'd love to hear from you.",4.3,"ClassDojo
4.3",California,-1,1 to 50 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
339,Data Analyst,-1,"Steampunk is searching for a Data Analyst to support a government customer on site in Washington, DC. The primary responsibilities for the position are retrieving data, manipulating data, and responding to requests for specific data pertaining to subjects removed from the United States. The nature of the work requires that the candidate demonstrate initiative, organization, responsibility, customer service skills, and the ability to be flexible and adaptive to a fast-paced, fluid business environment. The candidate must be able to communicate effectively and decisively with all levels of the organization and be able to solve practical problems as well as exercise sound judgement with regards to sensitive and confidential information.
Contributions
Familiar in the usage of ACCESS, Hyperion, and or JavaScript and able to perform the following would be helpful:
Query building
Enterprise database management
Proficient in utilizing Excel to perform the following:
Creating PivotTables and utilizing dynamic ranges
Using a master pivot table to drive other pivot tables (via a VBA macro)
Measuring your data: COUNT(), COUNTA(), COUNTIF(), SUBTOTAL()
Formatting data and reformatting datatypes in Excel using formulas
Utilizing COUNTIFS, SUMIFS, VLOOKUP, IFERROR, and combinations of these formulas
Manipulation of large datasets in Excel (100,000+ rows)
Ability to learn and understand a business model and fully comprehend operational concepts, relationships between those concepts and data being utilized
Great critical thinking abilities, willingness to learn, and eagerness to do research
Support all analytical and statistical reporting requirements for program activities;
Analyze the efficiency of the enforcement lifecycle;
Develop, analyze and produce standardized statistical reports AND ad hoc reports for internal and external customers, including Congress, Agency leadership and various stakeholders;
Track tasking’s assigned to the program
Qualifications
Two (2) years relevant experience in research, organizational and business analyses and forecasts
Bachelor’s degree



Steampunk is a Change Agent in the Federal contracting industry, bringing new thinking to clients in the Homeland, Federal Civilian, Health and DoD sectors. Through our Human-Centered delivery methodology, we are fundamentally changing the expectations our Federal clients have for true shared accountability in solving their toughest mission challenges. As an employee owned company, we focus on investing in our employees to enable them to do the greatest work of their careers – and rewarding them for outstanding contributions to our growth. If you want to learn more about our story, visit http://www.steampunk.com.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Steampunk participates in the E-Verify program.",4.6,"steampunk
4.6","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
340,Entry Level Data Analyst,-1,"W3Global has recently partnered with a client in the Cocoa, Fl area who is seeking an Entry Level Data Analyst to join their team. This is a Direct Hire/Permanent position with opportunities for growth and advancement. The Data Analyst must have strong knowledge in SQL servers along with excellent analytical skills.

Responsibilities:
Offer immediate first level technical support to all levels of staff including: Management, Accounting, Collections, General Legal Staff, Attorneys, etc.
Case Management System (QLaw preferred)
Microsoft Office products
Updating and maintaining document templates
Building SFTPs for client interactions
Building interfaces for existing/new clients data transfers
Maintain vendor relations for importing/exporting, such as:
Bankruptcy software - daily updates
Credit reporting updates/scoring
Letter vendor - bulk mailing
Copier/printer troubleshooting
Mail Vendor maintenance and troubleshooting
Support requests for performance reports, forecasting, financial status, liquidation, etc.
Provide solutions for efficiency, automation, and workflow
Collaborate with team to resolve help desk matters
Excellent communication skills
Basic knowledge in Sharepoint
Basic knowledge in Word press
Dialer knowledge preferred
Required:
Associates or Bachelor's Degree in computer science or relevant experience
At least 3-4 years working in SQL Server 2008 and up
At least 2 years working with VB.NET language
Working knowledge in SSRS & SSIS as well as Crystal Reports
Troubleshooting skills",4.2,"W3Global
4.2","Cocoa, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
341,Data Analyst,"$56k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About GameChanger:

We believe sports are important because they encourage leadership, teamwork, responsibility, and confidence—critical life lessons that have the power to propel young athletes toward meaningful futures. GameChanger recognizes that without coaches, parents, and volunteers, organized youth sports could not exist. We celebrate those dedicated heroes and make it our mission to help them do what they do best.

GameChanger is a technology company providing team management, scorekeeping, and live fan experiences that keep athletes connected with the team community. With GameChanger, coaches and parents can organize and follow their athlete's journey in a simple and powerful way.

We're headquartered in downtown Manhattan and are proud to be part of the DICK'S Sporting Goods family.

The Role:

We are looking for a Data Analyst to embed within a cross-functional team alongside product, engineering, marketing, and design. In this role, you'll develop metrics and generate insights to help guide decision-making, with the goal of building better products. The Data Analyst role is perfect for someone who is curious and creative, with the ability to learn new skills to get the job done. You'll use and grow your excellent collaboration and communication skills to translate business questions into data questions, and then deliver findings to broad audiences.

You will:
Own the measurement of new product features, transforming the data in the warehouse, and reporting the results
Work with product managers to define meaningful metrics
Build data visualizations and dashboards that clearly communicate findings
Identify opportunities for experimentation and recommend appropriate methodology
Generate hypotheses for future product features
Translate ad-hoc requests into reusable data tools that can scale to answer broader questions
Mentor cross-functional teammates to level up as consumers and users of data
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree (or equivalent) that includes some quantitative coursework (economics, statistics, research methods, etc.)
2+ years in a cross-functional or stakeholder-focused data role
Proficiency writing SQL and working with relational databases
Experience with BI tools (we use Looker) and data visualization
Excellent written, verbal, and graphic communication skills with both technical and non-technical colleagues
Optional Experience:
Cross-functional experience at a consumer software company
Knowledge of statistical concepts (experimental design, confidence intervals, regression analysis, causal inference, A/B testing)
Some proficiency in Python, R, TypeScript, or other scripting languages
Version control & GitHub
The Perks:
Be part of a diverse team of genuinely kind individuals dedicated to improving the lives of our customers.
Flexible full-time remote and occasional work from home options.
Benefits include medical, vision, prescription, dental, FSA/HRA, and coverage for family/dependents.
Generous maternity / paternity leave policy.
Well-furnished, modern office with a rich supply of snacks and drinks.
Commuter Benefits.
Learning opportunities including clubs, lunch tech talks, conference attendance, and participation in hack days.
Organized lunches and team outings.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.4,"GameChanger
4.4","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
342,Data Analyst,-1,"Noah is a modern finance company that helps homeowners tap into their home equity without selling or adding additional debt (and the burden of monthly payments). Noah is focused on making home-ownership more affordable and accessible for millions of Americans, and is partnering with homeowners to help them maximize the value of what is likely their most valuable asset. Founded in 2016, with backing from Union Square Ventures and Tribe Capital, Noah has offices in San Francisco and New York.

The Role

Noah is seeking a data analyst to join our Data Science & Analytics team. Candidates should be comfortable owning a broad range of data science-related responsibilities, including the ideation and development of Noah's business and portfolio analysis tools, as well our risk and pricing models. Candidates will be expected to operate both at an execution and strategic level. This position offers high exposure to Noah's executive team, and will be reporting directly to the CIO.

Day-to-day responsibilities will include:
Translating business priorities and requirements to data science deliverables
Working with data scientists, data engineers, and software engineers to develop and support the internal tools used for pricing, underwriting, marketing, product & operations support.
Design, develop and maintain business dashboards to track KPIs across marketing, operations and product linked activities.
Develop and maintain a suite of portfolio analytics and metrics utilized for reporting to internal and external stakeholders
Developing methods to analyze risk of the US housing market in a systematic and objective manner
Identifying, sourcing and managing the data required to build Noah's risk and pricing models
Contributing to developing the core algorithms and analytical models for Noah's products
Creating frameworks for back-testing Noah's proprietary models
Requirements:
Degree in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, Economics or other technical field
3 years of data science/analytics experience
Experience with analytic and visualization tools such as Mode Analytics, Looker etc.
Experience with: data collection, filtering, and cleaning techniques, statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, hypothesis testing), and SQL and relational databases like Postgres
Development experience, preferably in Python
Ability to organize and present complex data to technical and non-technical audiences
Team player with high integrity
Nice to have:
Experience working at an early stage startup
Open to feedback with an ongoing desire to improve
Understanding of financial concepts such as risk, volatility, IRR
A high degree of self awareness
Exposure to: A/B testing, statistical models and their interpretability, mortgage and home price models.
Working knowledge of backend software development, including RESTful APIs and databases
A collaborative mindset, and eagerness to partner with engineering, product, and business development teams
Benefits include:
Competitive salary, 401k, and equity in a company that is growing rapidly
Comprehensive health, vision, and dental insurance, FSA
Paid time off
Ongoing training and development",3.6,"Noah
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
343,Data Analyst,"$45k-$63k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst


Date Posted: 12/9/2018

Primary Duties
- Uses InfoMaker and/or SQL to run queries to extract student, graduate, faculty employee, and other information from the Jenzabar Ex software system
- Performs appropriate tests to ensure accuracy and consistency of all data, documents query/report criteria and processes to ensure consistent application of methodology in future projects
- Builds and maintains at least four database systems (student, graduate, faculty, and staff) for ease of completing multi-year data summaries for dissemination
- Acquires, organizes, analyzes, and synthesizes data and results from internal and external data sources to produce meaningful and accurate reports including the annual Fact Book
- Completes all required and requested institutional surveys
- Updates and maintains the Institutional Research and the Quality Enhancement Plan (IR/QEP) Manual
Other Duties
- Develops an effective system using sound strategies for obtaining quality data from various internal and external sources
- Prepares statistical reports on operational performance of the IR/QEP office and the IAER Title III activity as requested (weekly, monthly, quarterly and annually)
- Interacts with Paine's faculty, staff and administration as a group, sub-groups, or individually to identify suitable data, information, and research needs in collaboration with the IR/QEP and IAER
Qualifications
Education: Bachelor's degree required, master's degree preferred, in the field of computer science, statistics, mathematics, information systems, economics or other field that included significant coursework in a related field from a regionally or nationally accredited college or university.
Experience: Minimum of three (3) years' experience as a Data Analyst or in a related position, minimum of two (2) years of experience extracting data from a query system such as InfoMaker or from a relational database such as Jenzabar Ex using another query system, experience maintaining and reporting data for a college or university's Institutional Research office, advanced level experience collecting and analyzing complex data, both narrative and statistical; experience maintaining and reporting data for a college or university's Institutional Research website would be an excellent asset
Other
- Strong analytical skills including, but not limited to, data analysis A
- Ability to collect data from internally or externally developed surveys, process and analyze data, and prepare reports for dissemination of results to stakeholders with minimum supervision
- Intermediate to advanced ability to use all Microsoft Office 365 components
- Excellent communication (verbal and written)/interpersonal skills
- Successful history of handling confidential information and completing assignments when deadlines are critical
- Ability to explain concepts/data to technical and non-technical personas/groups
- Ability to work effectively alone and with a team
- Must be able to deliver work in a timely and consistent manner
- Self-motivated and Innovative

Salary
Salary Range: $35,000 - $37,250
FLSA Classification: Exempt
Terms of Employment: 12 months",3.4,"Paine College
3.4","Augusta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1882,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
344,Data Analyst,"$50k-$65k
(Glassdoor Est.)","System1’s Analytics org supports a diverse collection of teams, products, and business units, ensuring decisions at every level are made with data-driven insight. We are looking for a detail-oriented Data Analyst to join us and support our Ad Operations team, which drives initiatives to improve efficiency and effectiveness of advertising campaigns across varying markets.

You will work directly with product and technical teams to optimize workflows and find solutions to internal blockers using real-time data analysis. You’ll analyze data from a variety of sources, using proprietary and industry-leading tools and platforms. And you’ll work with teams across business units and of varying expertise, gaining a well-rounded understanding of all things System1.
The Role You Will Have
Partner with engineering, product, analytics, and business teams to deliver evidence-based solutions to business challenges
Experiment, model, and perform A/B testing on a variety of products and business strategies to help develop overall strategy and improvement
Support overall Ad Operations with routine analysis as well as ad-hoc projects, sometimes managing multiple projects at a time
Participate in overall improvements to the larger Analytics org by exemplifying time management and best practices, and collaborating to share knowledge and ideas
What You Will Bring
2+ years of relevant full-time work experience; within a tech organization is a plus
Bachelor's in Computer Science or another quantitative field preferred (mathematics, economics, finance, statistics, etc.)
Strong proficiency with SQL and large data sets
Proficiency with Python scripting is a plus
Experience with big data tools is a plus (AWS, Snowflake, Tableau, etc.)
What We Have to Offer
Unlimited paid sick time
17 PTO days
10 paid company holidays
Competitive benefits package and 401k",3.9,"System1
3.9","Venice, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
345,Data Analyst,"$33k-$63k
(Glassdoor Est.)","You're curious, organized, methodical, and proactive. You like to use substantiated data to both identify and solve problems, rather than trust your gut alone.

As the core team of global communications powerhouse Weber Shandwick, we are leveraging bleeding edge data science approaches and development tools to provide unparalleled access to unexplored insights derived from the world's most important digital, social and e-commerce platforms.

Our clients span five continents, and their consumers are everywhere. The systems and tools we are designing will be one of a kind and unique in their value to meet the global marketplace's current and future needs.

We Are Seeking:

As a key player in our organization, you will focus on contributing to complex multi-continental engagements and liaise with global executives at top performing organizations. The work we do is unique and requires a synthesis of many diverse data points, methodologies and perspectives to create differentiated analyses for our clients. We operate with a very lean structure built on mutual trust

We are seeking a talented team member to work with a small but entrepreneurial group to leverage our proprietary tools and data sets to provide unique insights to the world's leading telecom, automotive, energy, CPG, healthcare, biotech and luxury brands

What You Will Be Doing:

Build data pipelines and deploy data integration solutions
Use client's standard data analysis and data integration tools and technologies to operationalize the solution.
Ability to deploy solutions to cloud and schedule ETL
Build and deploy machine learning models for client projects using internal and external pipelines.

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in math, computer science or other related STEM fields
1-2 years relevant full-time experience; preferably in professional services
Strong programming experience with Python and data analysis tools; Prefer experience with front-end data visualization tools (e.g., Plotly, Tableau, Looker)
Experienced in working AWS, GCP or other cloud solutions in the work environment
Experience in natural language processing is a plus
Ability to work independently and in an integrated team setting
Startup experience is a plus but not a must

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.

We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodation@cmgrp.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.",3.6,"Weber Shandwick
3.6","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1921,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
346,Data Analyst,-1,"What Is The Job?

As a Private Equity Data Analyst on our team, you will be working with our Advanced Analytics team that includes a data scientist and data engineer to find and execute actionable insights to improve the business of our portfolio companies.

You will need excellent communication skills because you will be communicating with the CEO and other C-level executives, as well as their technology teams, to transfer reports to actionable insights. You will design, develop and implement reports to fulfill business requirements and lead the development of business and functional requirements to ensure effective working relationships with the business department

This role is located in New York City, but for the time-being we are all working remote, but we hope to return to our office in the near future.

Who Are We?

We are a family investment office located in Downtown New York City. We make long-term majority ownership investments in middle-market businesses and work hands-on with our companies to help support long-term growth and success. We pride ourselves on an excellent work culture and make sure to uphold those expectations across all platforms of the company.

What Skills Do You Need?
Excellent communications Skills
Snowflake
Tableau
SQL
PowerBI is a plus
Outgoing and energetic personality
Compensation?
$140,000 - $160,000
15% Targe Bonus
Full Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits
Very lucrative matching 401k
What’s in it for you?

This is an opportunity to join a company and have an immediate impact. We offer a great culture and stability. As an analyst if you are looking to make a pivot in the near future and get into Data Engineering or Machine Learning Engineering, this opportunity gives you a clear path to move into that position.",5.0,"Averity
5.0","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
347,Data Analyst,"$37k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","In this role you will:
Use data to drive business decisions across multiple teams within the company
Support ideation of new features and business initiatives from beginning to end by evaluating potential impact, implementing new tracking, and performing post analysis
Design dashboards to support decision making, quick analyses, and high level reporting
Become an expert of our data and develop resources to encourage a data-driven environment by documenting work and contributing to dbt
Conduct ad hoc analyses as well as deep dives with a focus on growing and improving the business
Be flexible to manage other assignments as they come up
We are looking for:
BS degree
1.5+ years experience in an analytical environment (e.g. consulting firm, data role, etc)
Advanced working knowledge of SQL and the ability to quickly learn internal tools; working knowledge of visualization tools; knowledge of Python preferred
Excellent communication and relationship building skills with an ability to prioritize, negotiate, and work with a variety of internal and external stakeholders
A quick learner, a self-starter, able to work independently, and you're willing and able to handle the pressures of an increasing level of responsibility
GOAT is the global platform for style. Founded in 2015 to bring trust to the sneaker community, the technology platform has since expanded to offer apparel and accessories from the world’s leading contemporary, avant garde and luxury brands. Through its unique positioning between the primary and resale markets, the company is able to surface styles from the past, present and future, delivering authentic product to over 30M members across 164 countries.

The company is backed by strategic investor Foot Locker, Inc. as well as some of the leading names in venture capital including D1 Capital Partners, Accel, Andreessen Horowitz, Index Ventures, Matrix Partners, Upfront Ventures, Webb Investment Network and Y Combinator.

GOAT Group will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, if applicable. If you are a California resident, please review our California Privacy Rights Notice for Job Applicants.",3.4,"GOAT
3.4","Los Angeles, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
348,Data Sourcing Data Delivery Analyst - Analytics and Data Science Lab (#150339),"$66k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","A department which values Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) and is committed to realizing the firm’s D&I ambition which is an integral part of our global Conduct and Ethics Standards
The opportunity to become part of our highly motivated Analytics team focusing on building and driving new and state of the art technologies in various fields
An exciting role for you as Data Analyst within our Analytics & Data Science Lab and close collaboration with its Chief Operating Officer, Financial Crimes Compliance, Risk Management, IT and Operations teams as well as coordination with related organizations within our Bank
Manage developing, maintaining and extracting knowledge from strategic internal and external data sets
Manage documenting data attributes, data feeds and data sources in a concise and succinct way
Developing and crafting algorithms, building prototype versions, running multiple validations with business specialists and working on their operationalization
Becoming part of a forward-thinking team with an outstanding team spirit in a versatile, dynamic, and flexible working environment
Flexible / agile working options are possible
Understands the value of diversity in the workplace and is dedicated to fostering an inclusive culture in all aspects of working life so that people from all backgrounds receive equal treatment, realize their full potential and can bring their full, authentic selves to work. This should be further elaborated on in your application.
Previous experience at Credit Suisse and in particular in the risk department would be an advantage
A Bachelor or Master degree in a computer science, Information System, Information Technology (University or University of Applied Sciences) or an equivalent education
Equivalent experience of at least 5 years in Data Analysis or Business Analysis
Background in Finance, analytics methods and Data warehouse Principals and programming language like Python, R, SAS is a plus.
Due to your experience with relational database programming and complex data pipelines you feel at ease in assembling data sets from disparate sources and analysis using appropriate quantitative methodologies, computational frameworks and systems
Detailed knowledge in distributed data processing at scale using Spark or/and Hive is preferred
Experience in the regulatory technologies or Risk and compliance domain within the financial industry is a plus!
Outstanding written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills
Integrity, responsibility and confidentiality required for dealing with sensitive data
Hardworking with proven experience as a strong, self-starting standout colleague with willingness to perform in a fast paced environment and contribute to the team's success
Do you possess ability to learn and take additional responsibilities to become a respected know-how carrier in the team?",3.9,"Credit Suisse
3.9","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1856,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
349,CLEARED Lead Intelligence / Open Source Data Analyst,"$87k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

We are currently seeking a TS/SCI cleared Lead Intelligence / Open Source Data Analyst to join the Cross-cutting Urgent Innovation Cell (CUIC), an organization that is unique to MITRE because:
We are team of analysts, scientists, innovators, and engineers focused on delivering meaningful solutions to national security challenges
We concentrate on rapid prototyping, mission analysis, experimentation, and research together in a unique environment that is structured to optimize results.
We leverage our strong relationships with our customers and their missions to drive innovation that helps solve our nation's biggest challenges.
CUIC relies on initiative and enthusiasm from individual staff members who work proactively and collaboratively towards common goals. We are looking for talented problem solvers with a passion for adapting emerging academic and commercial technologies to develop cross-cutting innovative solutions for the defense, intelligence, and civilian communities.

A cleared Lead Intelligence / Open Source Data Analyst is needed who possesses a breadth of technical skills and domain knowledge. Successful candidate(s) will learn new techniques and approaches on-the-job working in collaboration with other team members

Minimum Qualifications:
BS and 8 years related experience
Top Secret/SCI (Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements).
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree and at least 4 years of experience in counterproliferation, counterterrorism, cyber threat, regional studies, and/or all-source intelligence analysis.
Open source research and data analysis experience.
Experience identifying non-traditional data for application to national security problems.
Experience analyzing open source data using qualitative and quantitative analytic methodologies.
Familiarity with foreign financial networks and foreign corporate structures.
Experience with all-source intelligence analysis and conducting classified research using private-sectorinvestigative tools
Experience with sanctions, targeting, and evidentiary writing.
Strong problem-solving skills and capable of working with data scientists, analysts, and technical software developers across several technical disciplines.
Possess and maintain a Top Secret level security clearance
Preferred Qualifications:
Master’s degree
Russian, Chinese Cantonese, Chinese Standard or Mandarin, Arabic, Farsi/Persian, Hindi, Greek, Turkish, Kazakh, or other language skill.
Maritime, shipping, oil, and gas knowledge or experience.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","Bedford, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
350,Data Analyst,-1,"Data Analyst

Position Description

TNS has an exciting opportunity for a temporary data analyst working on our Call Guardian products! In this role you will:

•Practice of using Internet information and other media to conduct research and document trends in robocalling and call authentication.
•Practice of using Internet information, especially free information on websites, in researching consumer complaints (or lack thereof) of unwanted and illegal robocalls.
•Use writing skills to update technical and process documentation to be shared internally and with customers.
•Use writing skills to develop stories regarding robocalling practices and how to combat bad robocalls.
•Use analytical skills to assist QA teams in performing software testing functions.
•Use analytical skills to review data entries, and review performance indicators to review robocalling data.
•Design experiments leading to better understanding and ways to improve customer experience by focusing on wanted and unwanted robocalls.
•Conduct handset testing to compare various robocalling solutions available in the market.
•Evaluate new data sources to determine how they might be utilized by TNS in combating robocalls.
•Help trouble-shoot data issues and work closely with clients, data scientists, operations, customer care and engineering.
•Maintain “Buddy Book” instruction manual documenting job responsibilities and functions so that other team members could complete such tasks in an absence.

Qualifications

-Candidate must be a
self-starter, have the ability to multi-task, with limited supervision,
and have solid verbal and written communication skills.
Strong analytical skills
with the ability to collect, organize, analyze and disseminate significant
amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Strong Writing skills
with the ability to write stories, blogs, and update technical documentation.
An understanding of
Microsoft Office (Outlook, Excel, Word and PowerPoint) and basic knowledge
of databases (SQL, etc.) as well as adept at queries, report writing and
presenting findings (Excel and PowerPoint).
Major studies in Mathematics,
Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics.

We have been delivering industry-leading solutions for the payments, financial and telecommunications industries since 1990. We are the preferred supplier of networking, integrated data and voice services to many leading organizations in the global payments and financial communities, as well as a provider of extensive telecommunications network solutions to service providers.

We are a privately held company with a healthy balance sheet, secure assets and a loyal customer base that includes some of the largest global blue-chip companies in the world. Many of the world’s leading companies continue to count on us as their primary provider of a range of networking and communication services, enabling them to expand regionally, nationally and globally. We provide services to customers in over 60 countries throughout the world.

We manage some of the largest real-time community networks in the world, enabling industry participants to simply and securely interact and transact with other businesses, to access the data and applications they need, over managed and secure communications platforms. Our existing footprint supports millions of connections and provide access to critical databases. Our network securely blends private and public networking to enable customers to utilize a single connection for ""one-to-many"" and ""many-to-many""connections over a global platform.

Since our launch we have helped our customers and communities of interest, requiring secure and reliable communications solutions, to evolve from legacy to leading-edge technologies. Today the company provides a full range of services from dedicated connections to managed IP network solutions, providing local support and global reach to medium and large enterprises and service providers.

Application Instructions

Applicants are encouraged to submit an electronic resume when applying for our positions. Job postings are open until filled, unless otherwise specified.",3.3,"Cequint
3.3",United States,-1,1 to 50 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
351,Data Reporting Analyst,-1,"Data Reporting Technician

Details
Temporary for 2-3 Months
Full-time
Monday - Friday 9:00am-5:30pm
Vancouver, WA

Salary
$17.00/hour

Industry
Medical

Skills and Must Haves
Two years of experience in data analysis
Experience managing electronic filing and record keeping systems, document formatting and transcription
Comfort working in laboratory environment as needed
Bachelor’s degree and interest in the medical field preferred
SQL and R experience
Strong technical skills and proficiency with MS suite.

The Role
As Data Reporting Technician, you will support a team of Lab Technologists by compiling and analyzing reports from specimen test records and interpreting findings of analyses. Performing quality control audits of systems and data to ensure accuracy and completeness will be a regular part of your daily tasks. Additional responsibilities include determining causes of problems with data or reports and working to find solutions. Will also communicate progress updates and confer with end users to define system requirements including data release formats.

The Company
Local medical testing laboratory that provides individualized specimen testing as well as a variety of clinical trial services. Background check and drug screen required upon offer.

This position is offered through the Vancouver Branch of NW Staffing Resources. When applying online, please select the Vancouver Branch for immediate consideration. #Vancouver

Northwest Staffing Resources has been a leader in the staffing industry since 1985. We take pride in our competitive wages, multiple branch locations, and attractive benefits. Benefits include: After 1000 hours worked six paid holidays per year - Earn up to 40 hours of Paid Time Off annually - 401(k) retirement plan participation eligibility after one year and 1000 hours - Local weekly pay with electronic access to all timecard and payroll records - Medical, dental, and vision insurance plans available for qualified employees – ask us about our referral bonuses!

Job Types: Full-time, Temporary

Pay: $17.00 per hour

Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Excel: 1 year (Required)
Data Reporting: 1 year (Required)
SQL: 1 year (Required)
Data Analysis: 1 year (Required)
Employment Length:
1 - 3 months
Work Remotely:
No",4.3,"Northwest Staffing Resources
4.3","Vancouver, WA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1985,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
352,Workforce Data Analyst,"$33k-$60k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Career Steps Inc.*

*Position Description*

*Title*: Workforce Analyst

*Reports To*: President/CEO

*Exempt*: Yes No

*Supervisory Responsibilities*: No

*Position Summary*

The Workforce Analyst will be part of the CSI Management team to track and report on internal performance, . The position will additionally work with Center staff to ensure that the local operating procedures provide appropriate guidance for front line staff and to evaluate system efficiencies. *This is not an IT position.*

*Essential Skills*

* Strong analytical skills
* Strong data analysis skills
* Solid communication skills
* Detail-oriented/critical thinking skills
* Creativity - thinking outside the box
* Excellent problem-solving skills

*Essential Responsibilities*

* Oversees, collects, compiles, analyzes, and interprets workforce data and information data for the workforce system, management and staff
* Provides detailed analysis of the data in support of the workforce system goals and provides staff with the tools to monitor and achieve performance targets
* Evaluate center staff caseloads and performance then share information with management
* Prepares and provide presentations for staff to individual or in a group setting.
* Track Internal performance using Power Bi and Excel
* Review State performance reports
* Provide guidance on Local Operating Procedures
* Identify CSI and Career and Training Services front line staff in need of training
* Report identified training issues to the and CSI management
* Report weekly trends to CSI management staff
* Other duties as assigned

*Qualification Requirements*

Bachelor’s degree or higher preferred.

PBA (Professional in Business Analyst) preferred

Proficient in Microsoft Office Products including Power BI and expert level Excel skills

Exceptional Customer Service

Excellent oral and written communication skills

Knowledge of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act preferred.

*Working Conditions*

This is an administrative office occupation comprised of work that generally involves sitting at a desk or standing in office situations. Travel may be required between all 3 CSFV centers.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $24.00 - $30.00 per hour

Benefits:
* 401(k)
* 401(k) matching
* Dental insurance
* Disability insurance
* Health insurance
* Life insurance
* Paid time off
* Vision insurance
Schedule:
* 8 hour shift

Benefit Conditions:
* Only full-time employees eligible

Work Remotely:
* No",3.0,"Career Steps, Inc
3.0","Daytona Beach, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1992,Company - Private,Education Training Services,Education,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
353,Data Analyst,-1,"Must speak Mandarin!

Premier Logic is currently seeking a Data Analyst for an exciting role with a top Accounting Advisory company- this position can be done remotely!

Opportunity to work for a great company utilizing business transformation, data analytics & automation.We are looking for someone that has a background in investigations, disputes (litigation, regulatory actions, etc.), or other legal-related consulting. You will be performing on-site data modeling, data migration, writing technical documentation and workflow optimization. Experience in forensics and fraud is a plus.

Must have a strong knowledge and experience in SQL analysis, especially using Microsoft SQL Server.

We prefer candidates who speak Mandarin but would also strongly consider candidates who don't speak Mandarin.

If you are interested in this exciting opportunity- please send me your resume to sarah.groff@premierlogic.com

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.4,"Premier Logic
3.4",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Unknown,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
354,Data Analyst,-1,"Archimedes Global is currently recruiting a Data Analyst to join our team in Quantico, VA. This position is anticipated to start within the next 60 days so we are actively recruiting and building our team at this time.

The selected individual will:

Conduct full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design
Develop analysis and reporting capabilities
Monitor performance documentation, and metrics to identify improvements
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques
Develop and implement data analyses, data collection systems, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases / data systems. Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, or in another field with demonstrable coursework in these areas.
Working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (e.g. Business Objects), databases (e.g. SQL), programming (e.g. XML, JavaScript, or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (e.g. Excel, SPSS, SAS)
Active Top Secret security clearance required

Archimedes Global, Inc. is a diversified technology company providing information and engineering solutions to government and businesses worldwide. Archimedes delivers superior results by combining deep domain expertise with technology-enabled innovations. We are proud to offer highly competitive compensation packages and outstanding benefits. If you feel you have what it takes, turn your interest into action & apply now!",3.8,"Archimedes Global
3.8","Quantico, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Contract,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
355,Jr. Business Data Analyst,"$37k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","WebFX is looking for qualified candidates to fill the position of Jr. Business Data Analyst. Employees in this role will gather and analyze campaign data and consult with clients about their business goals and propose solutions and strategies that meet their needs, among other responsibilities.

What You'll Do
Gather and analyze campaign data
Consult with clients about their business goals and propose solutions and strategies that meet their needs
Analyze competitors’ websites and online marketing initiatives
Perform industry analysis and forecasting of trends
Interpret web analytics, demographic data, market research, and buyer behaviors
Optimizing client websites for search engines (on-page SEO)
Create and manage all aspects of SEO, PPC, and paid search ad campaigns for clients
Manage email marketing, website analysis and online advertising programs
Prepare monthly digital marketing campaign reports
Correct technical issues on the backend of website
Perform A/B, website usability, and website conversion rate testing
Responsible for driving client success on the web
5% analyzing clients’ competitors
10% writing ad copy, emails, etc.
10% working in the backend of websites/fixing technical issues
10% creating revenue, ROI and traffic reports for client campaigns
10% managing client projects and ad campaigns
15% performing industry, demographic and market research, and trend forecasting
20% client strategy and analytics
20% client interaction- phone calls, emails, in-person meetings

Note: The Jr. Business Data Analyst is a client-facing position

Training

Our “Bootcamp” web marketing training program will be provided for new WebFX “family members”.
On-site, state of the art training amenities to facilitate departmental trainings, trend watch reports, and monthly Lunch-and-Learns

What You'll Get

WebFX grew 250%+ over the past 3 years, and merit-based promotional opportunities are abundant for new family members who meet or exceed position performance metrics.

Potential Promotional Path for Jr. Business Data Analyst:

Digital Marketing Research Consultant
Director of Digital Marketing
Sr. Digital Marketing Research Consultant

Compensation

$35.5k to $38,500k (potentially higher based on work experience)

GPA 3.8+ : add up to $3k to high range
Elite college or university & graduation with high honors: Add $3.5k-$5k to high range

Candidates interested in the Jr. Business Data Analyst position may also have interest in:
digital marketing, online marketing, paid advertising, search marketing, inbound marketing, web marketing, social media, content marketing, PPC, SEO, SEM, blogging, Facebook, customer service, writing, editing, research, communications, etc.",4.6,"WebFX, Inc.
4.6","Harrisburg, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
356,Data Analyst,-1,"*Local Seattle candidates preferred

*W2 candidates only. No Corp to Corp.

We are seeking a Data Analyst who can work with independently on a burgeoning Data Science team. In this role you will work directly with the business to understand what data is needed for Data Analysis. From there you will be responsible for gathering the data from the Snowflake date warehouse. Ultimately you will act as a bridge between the Data Scientists and the internal customers. This is a 6 month contract position with strong potential to convert next year and long term career growth potential.

Experience we seek for the Data Analyst:

· At least 2 years experience as a Data Analyst

· Bachelors degree of higher

· Strong SQL Experience -

· Basic Level Python

· Snowflake and Kusto / KQL experience preferred but not required

· Qualitative analysis and quantitative analysis techniques

· Statistical analysis and machine learning

For further information about this data analyst position please send your resume to michael@primeteampartners.com. For information on other similar positions currently available, please go to the careers page of our website at www.primeteampartners.com #Dice

Prime Team Partners is an equal opportunity employer. Prime Team Partners does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, pregnancy status, gender, age, marital status, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, or any other characteristics protected by applicable state or federal civil rights laws.",4.5,"Prime Team Partners
4.5","Seattle, WA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
357,Data Analyst,"$41k-$72k
(Glassdoor Est.)","MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is a not-for-profit, acute-care teaching and research hospital with 609 beds located in Northwest Washington, D.C. Founded in the Jesuit principle of cura personalis—caring for the whole person—MedStar Georgetown is committed to offering a variety of innovative diagnostic and treatment options within a trusting and compassionate environment.

MedStar Georgetown’s centers of excellence include neurosciences, transplant, cancer and gastroenterology. Along with Magnet® nurses, internationally recognized physicians, advanced research and cutting-edge technologies, MedStar Georgetown’s healthcare professionals have a reputation for medical excellence and leadership.

General Summary of Position:

Performs information management duties for the department, including data collection, management, analysis and interpretation. The incumbent also performs routine administrative functions in support of the department. These functions are performed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and Georgetown University Hospital’s philosophy, policies, procedures and standards.

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in health-related field. Master’s degree preferred.
At least three years of experience with data collection, management, analysis and interpretation, particularly in health-related field.
Experience with database development and maintenance.
Preference for Tableau Desktop experience.
Must be proficient with computer software, such as Microsoft Office; SQL; STATA, SPSS or SAS; Business Intelligence application, such as Tableau.
Must have knowledge of medical terminology and quality assurance systems.
Must have excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
About MedStar Health
MedStar Health is dedicated to providing the highest quality care for people in Maryland and the Washington, D.C., region, while advancing the practice of medicine through education, innovation and research. Our 30,000 associates and 5,400 affiliated physicians work in a variety of settings across our health system, including 10 hospitals and more than 300 community-based locations, the largest visiting nurse association in the region, and highly respected institutes dedicated to research and innovation. As the medical education and clinical partner of Georgetown University for more than 20 years, MedStar is dedicated not only to teaching the next generation of doctors, but also to the continuing education and professional development of our whole team. MedStar Health offers diverse opportunities for career advancement and personal fulfillment.",3.6,"MEDSTAR HEALTH
3.6","Washington, DC",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
358,Data Analyst,-1,"Role: Data Analyst
Location: Reston, VA
Duration: Longterm
Interview: Video

This position establishes, maintains, and communicates standards for recording, searching, and reporting data kept in
the enterprise's databases and warehouses. This position documents data flows, data mappings, performs data lineage
analysis as required by various enterprise projects. This position confers as needed with other technical staff to plan
database conversion projects, or to establish large scale mining, reporting, or data display exercises. Leads or provides
technical assistance to data projects or operations to maintain enterprise-wide standards and attain more efficient use of
data resources. Researches, assesses, and reports use of data standards and ways in which they can be modified as
needs change and corporate platforms develop.

KEY JOB FUNCTIONS
Collaborate with business partners, technical partners, and representatives from other organizations to understand and evaluate their requirements regarding data, and ensure they are meet the needs and conform to the enterprise standards.
Perform any necessary data mapping and data lineage activities, documents information flows.
Manage initiatives focused on implementing enterprise data management capabilities.
Align enterprise data management activities with industry best practices.
Develop metrics associated with core job functions, exhibiting how better data management practices improve business value.
Align data management efforts/initiatives directly to providing business value.
Work with manager to monitor use and form of reporting data in multiple platforms and reports throughout the organization.Â
Contribute to developing and communicating corporate and regulatory standards for using, providing access to, and reporting data, and to the compliance framework for tracking the implementation of these standards.
Request and track reporting from departmental units on use of and security standards for data used in variety of databases and warehouses.
Assist manager in establishing data security guidelines for data subject to specific regulatory requirements.
Communicate with organizational units concerned with risk management, legal compliance and privacy to ensure unit's standards and practices are consistent.

MINIMUM EXPERIENCE
6+ years of related experience

SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS
Hands-on data analysis experience, preferably in the secondary mortgage domain
Ability to absorb information and data from multiple sources, apply strong analytical skills, and provide thoughtful and strategic recommendations to deliver tangible business value
Good general understanding of the data concepts (Data Quality, Data Modeling, etc.) with emphasis on Metadata.
Experience with Big Data/Cloud metadata collection a plus
Demonstrated high proficiency in SQL, MS-Excel and MS-Access
Establishes and maintains strong working relationships with business partners.
Must have strong communication skills with ability to work with all management levels.
Knowledge of the mortgage or financial services industry is required.
Excellent interpersonal skills and a demonstrated ability to work effectively in a team environment; ability to work independently as well as in a dynamic matrix team environment.",5.0,"Alliance Global Tech Inc.
5.0","Reston, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,-1,-1,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
359,Data Analyst,"$51k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","COMPANY OVERVIEW:

Knoll is a constellation of design-driven brands and people, working together with our clients to create inspired modern interiors. Since 1938, we’ve been thinking about how people interact with their environments, and how their environments impact what they do. Our strength in office systems, seating, furniture, textiles, leather and architectural accessories allows us to compose integrated solutions from products and services that naturally work together.

To learn more, visit www.knoll.com

POSITION OVERVIEW:

The Data Analyst, functioning within the Procurement Organization, will create and maintain the databases used for reporting key procurement data.
Responsible for supporting the Procurement teams in various aspects of metric management (definition, target setting, ongoing status reports), process development and deployment – with emphasis on definition, development and roll out of related IT systems and tools, and program management for new and ongoing purchasing initiatives.
Enhance and refine procurement database strategy to meet changing business requirements.
Leverage existing database and systems to provide monthly procurement results for:
Spend
Savings, Inflation and Tariff
Compliance
Supplier Performance
Supplier Stocking Agreements
Lead and develop enhancements for Supplier Performance Scorecard.
Manage key operational projects to contribute to strategic plans; preparing and completing action plans; implementing, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving problems; identifying trends; determining system improvements; implementing change.
Compile reports and documentation to aid in the planning of the Procurement yearly fiscal plan.
Compile data and documentation to aid in the preparation of annual GSA report.
Compile data and documentation to aid in the preparation of annual Conflict Minerals report.
The position holder will also drive business investigations within the Procurement organization to identify improvement opportunities or specific change requirements to better support the business through enhanced contributions from our supply base in terms of cost, responsiveness, on time delivery and technology capabilities/innovation.
Prepare reports and documentation to prepare for purchase price standards.
Expert in MS Office suite and knowledge with JDE and Oracle applications. Proficient with MS Access is required.

Job Responsibilities:

Procurement database development and optimization (simplification, automation, integration)
Prepare and facilitate monthly, quarterly and annual reporting meetings and provide related documentation. Keep related scorecards up to date.
Update and publish monthly Supplier Scorecards.
Manage monthly Supplier Scorecard data review process.
Manage monthly Procurement Savings, Inflation and Tariff review and reporting process.
Manage quarterly Procurement data required for Knoll Financial Results reporting.
Update/create written procedures/work instructions and training documents.
Process design and review with all stakeholders.
Collaborate and align with key partners on development and improvement of cross functional processes.
Interface and work with IT teams (Local and HC Global Teams assigned) for system architecture and related activities.
Develop business cases in support of business requirement.
Report out to management on progress, achievements and required escalations for support.
Prepare and facilitate monthly/quarterly reporting meetings and provide related documentation. Keep related scorecards up to date.

Required Skills

Expert in MS Office, particularly MS Access and MS Excel, is required.
Knowledge of JDE and/or Oracle applications preferred.
Knowledge and experience with Tableau preferred.
Experience in project management is preferred.

Required Experience

College Degree in related discipline.

Knoll is an Equal Employment opportunity employer. Employment selection and related decisions are made without regard to race, color, sex, religion, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, genetic information, veteran status or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or other applicable laws. If you require an accommodation due to a disability at any time during the application or interview process, please contact Talent Acquisition at recruiting@knoll.com..",4.0,"Knoll
4.0","East Greenville, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1938,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
360,Data Analyst,-1,"FAR Government, Inc. (FARGOV) headquartered in Stafford, VA., is a premier, economically disadvantaged woman-owned Small Business that provides federal professional services, primarily engaged in providing advanced information technology, cyber security, management systems support, as well as business and infrastructure management services.

We are among the most innovative, respected and ethical providers of technology solutions to the United States government. Our mission is to provide superior-quality, innovative, information technology solutions that help federal agencies best aid, serve and protect the American people

Duties:

General duties include data entry into government-specific software, review and follow-up of database entries for tracking and proofing/verification, and report generation and error checking as needed.
This position requires accuracy in data entry, so attention to detail is important; the ability to meet crucial deadlines; the ability to work with numbers, financial information/documents; the ability to generate reports from government specific software programs; and the ability to proofread and correct errors on financial reports for accuracy.
Minimum/General Experience:
An Associates degree or a minimum of 3 years of experience in a related field.
Why FAR Government ?

You can take pride in working for a company dedicated to serving our government by providing the best, most cost-effective solutions for the US Government. Our work helps the US Government secure our nation, support the efforts of our military and intelligence communities, and provide lifesaving medical services to our soldiers, vets, and their families.

Please submit your most up-to-date resume. Please be sure to highlight your relevant experience.

FAR Government is an equal opportunity employer and encourages all qualified candidates to apply.

Powered by JazzHR",-1,"FAR Government, Inc.",United States,-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
361,Data Analyst,"$48k-$65k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst, HARN1730, Atlanta GA
Job Description:
We are currently seeking a Data Analyst to plan, analyze, design and construct information systems on an enterprise-wide basis or across a major sector of the enterprise applying an enterprise-wide set of disciplines.
Qualifications
Key Responsibilities:
Provides high-level expertise in information modeling, requirement analysis and facilitation using methodologies such as Integrated DEFinition (IDEF) or related techniques.
Performs analysis to develop fully attributed logical and physical information (data) and business process models following IDEF methodologies.
Gathers requirements using facilitation techniques in order to collect and define data.
Processes requirements necessary to support complex large scale and/or decision support systems.
Uses modeling tools and repositories to effectively and efficiently define and manage the gathering/dissemination of data and business process requirements.
Uses information gathered to develop database specifications.
Designs relational database schemas to support large-scale, mid-tier clients/server, or web-based applications.
Provides technical guidance in software engineering techniques and automated support tools.
Provide expert level knowledge of:
Microsoft SQL Server
ERWin Data Modeller, Microsoft Visio
Orion Rhapsody
Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) processes
SAS
IDEF or equivalent data modeling notations
Jira

Basic Qualifications:
Must have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field
Must have a minimum 10+ years' experience as a mid to senior-level data modeler

Professional Skills:
Excellent verbal, interpersonal and written communication skills
Strong analytical, problem-solving and decision making capabilities
Team player with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment
Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment
Demonstrated outstanding level of professionalism in providing administrative support, including ability to exercise good judgment, discretion, tact, and diplomacy
Sound business ethics, including the protection of proprietary and confidential information
Ability to apply detailed knowledge of organizational procedures to make independent decisions and serve as a credible resource for a senior management team
Ability to work with all levels of internal staff, as well as outside clients and vendors
Excellent problem solving skills with ability to analyze situations, identify existing or potential problems and recommend solutions
Strong oral and written communication skills
Superior interpersonal skills including courtesy, professionalism, and a cooperative attitude
Ability to be flexible to handle multiple priorities and to work limited overtime as necessary
Eligible candidates please email your resume to Priscilla.Edwards@HarnessSolutions.com or call 484.514.1861 Extension 1022",4.0,"Harness Solution
4.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
362,Data Analyst,"$60k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Grant Thornton is seeking an Associate to join its Data Management and Analytics (ADTA) service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.
Develop Information portals (e.g., dashboards) that support business user and executive information needs (e.g., CIO Balanced Scorecard)
Maintain a Performance Metrics Catalogue
Use associated tools and methods (e.g., investment optimization) used in a machine learning/data science setting; and
Support and use Government-provisioned tools associated with business intelligence and analytics (BI&A) (such as Power BI), advanced analytic and data wrangling tools such as SAS, R, and Python
Support and use emerging tools associated with data science/mining and machine learning in a Cloud environment (such as Azure Machine Learning)
Develop a data management and analytics capability and deliver analytic results that, at a minimum, provides data delivery or data analyses associated with the following methods/frameworks: (1) Performance Management Frameworks, Measurement, and Analysis, to include Value Management and Balanced Scorecard Development, (2) Performance Metrics Development, (3) Workforce Analysis and Management, (4) Program Impact Evaluation and Diagnosis, (7) OIT Investment Analytics and Prioritization, (8) Operations Research Analysis, including Soft Methods as well as Quantitative Methods (e.g., Linear Programming, Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis),
Utilize best practices in solution development, which may include concepts such as Scrum, XP, Kanban, and related approaches and shall optimize delivery of products through use and evaluation of the methods.
Guide the partitioning of the analytic solution into smaller tasks that can be solved using an Agile approach to solution delivery
Use the CRISP-DM framework to address core elements of data selection and data cleansing processes
Apply analytic method(s) to the prepared data and calibrate and test as appropriate to evaluate goodness of fit, multicollinearity, normality, heteroscedasticity, and related statistical features.
Use data mining and learning analytic methods, such as regression, clustering, and classification.
Use appropriate simulation and optimization modeling techniques, to include geospatial simulation.
Document and summarize a Data Analytics Deployment Strategy/Plan
Address governance activities, learning and adoption, and the BI Activity Monitoring Processes (e.g., Usage Metrics, Customer/User Satisfaction).
Support monitoring and maintenance of the product and identify means to extend the results from the current to other possible domains

Develop Information portals (e.g., dashboards) that support business user and executive information needs (e.g., CIO Balanced Scorecard)
Maintain a Performance Metrics Catalogue
Use associated tools and methods (e.g., investment optimization) used in a machine learning/data science setting; and
Support and use Government-provisioned tools associated with business intelligence and analytics (BI&A) (such as Power BI), advanced analytic and data wrangling tools such as SAS, R, and Python
Support and use emerging tools associated with data science/mining and machine learning in a Cloud environment (such as Azure Machine Learning)
Develop a data management and analytics capability and deliver analytic results that, at a minimum, provides data delivery or data analyses associated with the following methods/frameworks: (1) Performance Management Frameworks, Measurement, and Analysis, to include Value Management and Balanced Scorecard Development, (2) Performance Metrics Development, (3) Workforce Analysis and Management, (4) Program Impact Evaluation and Diagnosis, (7) OIT Investment Analytics and Prioritization, (8) Operations Research Analysis, including Soft Methods as well as Quantitative Methods (e.g., Linear Programming, Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis),
Utilize best practices in solution development, which may include concepts such as Scrum, XP, Kanban, and related approaches and shall optimize delivery of products through use and evaluation of the methods.
Guide the partitioning of the analytic solution into smaller tasks that can be solved using an Agile approach to solution delivery
Use the CRISP-DM framework to address core elements of data selection and data cleansing processes
Apply analytic method(s) to the prepared data and calibrate and test as appropriate to evaluate goodness of fit, multicollinearity, normality, heteroscedasticity, and related statistical features.
Use data mining and learning analytic methods, such as regression, clustering, and classification.
Use appropriate simulation and optimization modeling techniques, to include geospatial simulation.
Document and summarize a Data Analytics Deployment Strategy/Plan
Address governance activities, learning and adoption, and the BI Activity Monitoring Processes (e.g., Usage Metrics, Customer/User Satisfaction).
Support monitoring and maintenance of the product and identify means to extend the results from the current to other possible domains

Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.
Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.

Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.",3.7,"Grant Thornton
3.7","Arlington, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1924,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
363,Senior Marketing Data Analyst,-1,"Membership Marketing Partners (MMP) is an innovative and fast-growing marketing agency that serves conservative non-profits and non-partisan non-profits in the DC metro and New York markets. We’re looking to hire a mid-senior level Marketing Data Analyst to handle in depth marketing analysis. Candidates should be analytical thinkers, who are comfortable working with large data sets and doing complex analysis, and most importantly converting results into actionable business decisions. Candidates will also need strong communication skills to explain their analysis and win over stakeholder support for their recommendations.

Here are the required qualifications:

· Proven work experience as a Data Analyst

· Strong knowledge of statistical methods and concepts

· 3-5+ years job experience with either political advocacy groups, campaigns, or a marketing agency

· BA/BS degree

· Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel

· Ability to effectively multi-task in a deadline driven atmosphere

· Extremely detail-oriented and organized

· Good attitude and work ethic with high personal and professional standards

· Effective Communication skills

Preferred Qualifications:

· Experience with Salesforce CRM or with a membership-based CRM

· Experience with Google Analytics 360

Job Responsibilities:

· Designed and distribute executive dashboards, and campaign performance tracking reports using Excel

· Documenting data structures for input from/outputs to outside data sources.

· Manage the coordination of data collection, analytics, reporting, and insights across all digital marketing channels.

· Develop SQL scripts for analysis and reporting

· Ensure data quality across a variety of reports and monitor incoming data into the platform for accuracy

· Develop customer and prospect profiles, identify new marketing segments and relevant upsell opportunities

· Create actionable data insights for a variety of marketing campaigns

Show us you have what it takes, and we’ll pay you a competitive salary, vacation days, sick days, and health benefits. Please send your resume and cover letter to. Salary commensurate with experience.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Due to the current pandemic, the option to work remotely can be discussed.

Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.MemberPartners.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",2.0,"Membership Marketing Partners, LLC
2.0","Alexandria, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
364,Data Analyst,-1,"Saint Petersburg, Florida
Skills : data analyst,reporting,sql,finance,bank,tableau,alteryx
Description :

Must Haves:


Experience with data management and visualization tools such as Tableau or Alteryx

Experience Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings.

Experience working in financial services



data analyst,reporting,sql,finance,bank,tableau,alteryx",4.1,"Collabera
4.1","Saint Petersburg, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1991,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
365,Data Analyst,-1,"Total Solutions, Inc. (TSI) is recruiting for a full-time Data Analyst to support FEMA offices in Washington, DC.
Duties:
In this role you’ll work on defining, measuring and process improvements for our internal teams. As a member of the Business Process Improvement team, the Data Analyst creates analysis that drives process improvements and measure effectiveness of improvements.
As a Data Analyst, you will:
Understand your stakeholders’ objectives, the metrics that are the most important to them, and how they measure their performance.
Turn business requirements into technical requirements
Find and understand the correct data sources for a given analysis
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements including automating manual processes and optimizing data delivery
Shape how our team manipulates and visualizes data
Advocate and strategize ways for our Sales and service groups to move faster and more efficiently
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree plus 2 years’ experience
6 years’ work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor’s Degree
Associate’s Degree plus 4 years’ work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor’s Degree",4.1,"Total Solutions, Inc.
4.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
366,Informatica IDQ - Data Quality Analyst (Contract),-1,"Hi ,

Please find the full job description below and reply with your updated resume if you are interested…

Position: Informatica IDQ - Data Quality Analyst

Location: New York, NY

Duration: Contract (6-12 Months)

Rate: $Open

Job Description:
Have some experience in Data Quality Analyst
Strong Knowledge in Informatica IDQ
Should have some Informatica Project background
Note: If interested please send your updated resume to naveen.remkumar@two95intl.com and include your salary requirement along with your contact details with a suitable time when we can reach you. If you know of anyone in your sphere of contacts, who would be a perfect match for this job then, we would appreciate if you can forward this posting to them with a copy to us.

We look forward to hearing from you at the earliest!.

Best Wishes,

Naveen Rem Kumar

TWO95 International, Inc

856.528.3312 x1231",4.0,"Two95 International Inc.
4.0","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
367,Data Analyst,-1,"QUALIFICATIONS:

Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data analyst or equivalent training and/or experience preferred.

Experience: Two years of experience with Microsoft Dynamics and/or Microsoft SQL highly desired.

Skills: Knowledge of the Microsoft 365 platform as it pertains to integrating with Dynamics CRM and SQL including SharePoint, OneDrive/OneNote, and Microsoft Teams.

PRIMARY FUNCTION: Perform all types of reporting, data management, and analysis utilizing Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM and Microsoft SQL. Will work in partnership with the Innovation Team and other Autry staff. Create custom work flows to improve business process automation.

A complete job description is available upon request. EOE

Primary Location Autry Technology Center, 1201 W. Willow Road, Enid, OK 73703
Salary Range Per Year
Shift Type Full-Time",4.6,"Autry Technology Center
4.6","Enid, OK",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,College / University,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
368,Data Analyst,"$46k-$86k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Computer World Services is seeking energetic candidates to support the National Oceanica and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO), Cyber Security Division (CSD) in achieving NOAA’s cybersecurity mission: to protect and defend the use of cyberspace from cyber-attacks, and to protect NOAA information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Qualified candidate: Solves computer, business, scientific, engineering, policy/compliance or other discipline system/process problems and enables system to meet the needs of the organization. Performs system studies to assist organization to realize maximum benefit from investments in equipment, personnel, and business processes or to comply with internal or external requirements. Plans and designs new systems/processes or devises ways to apply existing systems resources to additional operations. Analyzes requirements, procedures, and problems to improve existing system/processes. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of complicated tasks. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Works under general supervision. Typically reports to a manager or head of a unit/department.

Key Tasks and Responsibilities

Provide technical expertise evaluating and interpreting data, analyzing results using statistical techniques
Interpret various types of data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Filter and normalize data by reviewing data reports and performance indicators to locate where data source contains errors or issues
Work with IT, Cyber, other personnel to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
JOB REQUIREMENTS

Education & Experience

BS/BA degree (or equivalent) plus 4 to 6 years’ experience in related field.
Knowledge and comprehensive understanding of U.S. federal IT security policies and implementation standards as documented in the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) guidance to include, but not limited to, NIST Special Publications (SP) and Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) available online at csrc.nist.gov/.
Proficiency with enterprise architecture methodologies, concepts, procedures, principles, and tools, and experience in designing security elements of Service-Oriented Architectures.
Proficiency in applying federally accepted IT Security concepts, methodologies, principles, procedures and using industry-standard IT Security tools.
Working knowledge of Security Products, ranging from SIEM, Security Appliances, Network Devices, and Endpoint Protection.
Working knowledge of hardware/software security implementations; communication protocols; and encryption techniques/tools.
Ability to research, recommend, and apply policies and emerging vulnerabilities to both short notice response and long-term vulnerability management program assignments.
Ability to develop, deliver, and deploy technical solutions designed to protect NOAA data, networks, intellectual property, and national missions.
Familiarity with the NOAA mission and major programs as described online at www.noaa.gov/.

Certifications

One or more of the following is required:

CompTIA Security +
CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner (CASP +)
CompTIA Cybersecurty Analyst (CySA +)
ISC2 Certified Authorization Professional (CAP)
ISC2 System Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP)
GIAC Security Essentials Certification (GSEC)
GIAC Systems and Network Auditor (GSNA)
EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)
EC-Council Certified Network Defender (CND)
CSA Certificate of Cloud Security Knowledge (CCSK)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Cisco Certified CyberOps Associate
Axelos ITIL Foundation

Security Clearance

US Government Public Trust clearance is required

Other (Travel, Work Environment, DoD 8570 Requirements, Administrative Notes, etc.)

EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability",2.8,"Computer World Services
2.8","Silver Spring, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1990,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
369,Data Analyst,-1,"RESPONSIBILITIES:
Kforce has a client seeking a Data Analyst in Southlake, TX.

Responsibilities:
Work with teams to understand the various datasets and what they represent to user experience
Perform exploratory data analysis to understand the relationships between company data sets
Analyze various data to interpret competitive results to understand competitive decisions and find areas for opportunities
Utilize strong presentation skills to share insights from data
Work with peer Data Analytics teams throughout company to share best practices and add additional value to analysis
REQUIREMENTS:
Associate or Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Data Analytics, or related field preferred
Certification in Data Analytics
Candidates qualifying for this position will have similar experience along with the skills and abilities to perform the duties mentioned
Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.",4.1,"Kforce
4.1","Southlake, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1966,Company - Public,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
370,BI/DATA ANALYST (REMOTE),-1,"Job Description


Job #: 1088321

BI/Data Analyst

Key Responsibilities:
o Build and implement data model and schema for data analytics and the reporting applications
o Define end-to-end architecture for data ingestion, storage, processing and visualization.
o Leverage off-the-shelf reporting and visualization tools (Tableau, PowerBI) as much possible to build reports and when necessary build custom UI
o Build smart connectors to ingest data from variety of data sources, including structured and unstructured data.
o Build APIs to export data for consumption by external applications.
o Setup and operationalize the infrastructure to deploy and run the analytics applications.
o Ensure that the scale and performance of the data reporting queries meet the SLOs
o Follow Scrum process, participate in Scrum ceremonies and follow the incremental delivery model
o Follow the best practices for code development and code hygiene using Gitlab.
o Maintain documentation and user guides in Confluence

Essential Requirements:
o Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field
o Experience with data analytics or visualization software such as PowerBI, Tableau or Qlik
o Experience in SQL and complex database query development and procedures
o Experience in development framework such node.js (preferred) and react/angular.js.
o Experience with REST API to build automation of web services
o Experience in distributed code repositories such as Git (Gitlab/Github/Bitbucket)
o Strong analytical, process management and reporting skills
o Excellent written and verbal communication skills
o Results-driven and accountability-minded
o Ability and desire to learn new skills

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.",3.8,"Apex Systems
3.8","Round Rock, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
371,Data Analyst,-1,"About Eleanor Health

The opioid epidemic and widespread alcohol and other substance use disorders continue to deeply impact communities across the country.. Individuals seeking treatment face obstacles at every stage of their journey, from accessing care to the proliferation of ineffective treatment; communities are experiencing far too frequent overdoses and deaths and local resources are stretched thin; the healthcare system overburdened and unable to address the unique needs of each patient.

Eleanor Health is rethinking addiction by fully treating it as a chronic condition and building an integrated solution that expands access to effective, whole-person treatment to drive sustained recovery. Our goal is to improve upon earlier generations of opioid and substance use disorder treatment to create more accessible clinic- and community-based care that is integrated with the rest of a patient's life and care journey, and delivers superior outcomes for patients (we call them community members), their loved ones and communities, the healthcare system, and society.

Eleanor Health and its associated health care providers deliver best-in-class substance use disorder care utilizing Medication-Assisted Therapy (MAT), behavioral health therapy, care management, and social support and wrap services. As a multi-site, outpatient treatment organization, Eleanor delivers accessible, evidence-based, and clinically excellent care, supported by innovative technology.

A fast growing startup, Eleanor Health launched in September 2019 and already has a half-dozen clinics in North Carolina and New Jersey and is poised to continue our rapid expansion into more states in the coming months.

If you are passionate about building a great business that makes a difference, we seek highly skilled, motivated and compassionate individuals who take responsibility and adapt quickly to change to join our deeply committed and collaborative team.

Position Description

Eleanor Health is looking for a data analyst to help build and maintain our analytics layer. This position will play a key role in maintaining and tuning our BigQuery environment, establishing governance and access controls, as well as integrating third party data sources into our warehouse. You will work to apply best practices to the production and maintenance of analytics code and transform raw data into consumable information and business logic. As a member of the Data team you will work closely with other key stakeholders to empower end users to answer key questions that drive the business.

Responsibilities.

Perform complex data analysis using SQL and data visualization using our BI tool, Mode analytics
Design and build data models to store the data in an easy to use format for reporting, dashboards, and self-service analytics
Be the data expert supporting cross-functional teams, gathering data from various sources, and building automated reporting to democratize data across the company
Build internal data quality measures and processes to ensure the accuracy of data models, reports and dashboards

Qualifications

Advanced knowledge of SQL with exposure to dbt a plus
2+ years working with a data warehouse/BI-tool (BigQuery experience is a plus)
2+ years experience with self-service BI tools (e.g. Mode, Looker or Tableau)
Experience in a startup data environment; exposure to common tools is a plus (Google Analytics, Zendesk, Netsuite, etc.)
Some experience in a programming language like Python or R is beneficial but not required

Job Type: Full-time",5.0,"Eleanor Health
5.0",Massachusetts,-1,1 to 50 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
372,"Data Analyst, Equity Trading","$40k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst, Equity Trading

everis is a multinational consulting firm providing business and strategy solutions, application development, maintenance, and outsourcing services. Established in 1996, everis has averaged 20% annual growth in revenues, and it became part of NTT Data in January, 2014.

Being part of the NTT Data group enables everis to offer a wider range of solutions and services through increased capacity, as well as technological, geographical, and financial resources.

everis USA is looking for high-achieving team players that are quickly adaptable to new challenges and entrepreneurial ventures. We are looking for a Data Analyst to have a major impact automating data surrounding equity trading at our global financial solutions client in New York. This position is required to be onsite in NYC to work directly with Equity Traders.

Required Skills and Experience:

2-5 years in data analysis or data automation.
Basic understanding of equity trading, lifecycle, and products.
Technical affinity to be able to develop scripts, macros and small programs to automate repetitive tasks.
Advanced computer literacy with emphasis on Microsoft Office Suite including Excel and Word.
Ability to conduct research, compile data and present results in an articulate manner.

Responsibilities:

Collaborate directly with Equity Traders to help refresh, build, and automate new data analysis models.
Evaluate what is being done manually, and where we can implement data automation.
Implement data automation where necessary.
Contribute to the innovation of new reporting systems.

Education and Certifications Requirements:

Bachelor's degree desired

Contract Duration:

3 months with the opportunity for extension or hiring

Why everis?

Empowerment and rewards are the cornerstone of our career development model. We are a young, fast-growing company, with a highly innovative and entrepreneurial spirit, because of this professional experience and growth will be unmatched. Our talent and positive attitude allows us to transform our goals into achievements, and projects into realities. Additionally we offer our employees competitive salaries and an unmatched 100% Company Paid Benefits package.

everis is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. everis is an Equal Opportunity Employer Male/Female/Disabled/Veteran and a VEVRAA Federal Contractor.",3.7,"everis USA Inc.
3.7","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
373,"Data Analyst I (SQL, Healthcare)","$37k-$63k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Purpose:
Responsible for analytic data needs of the business unit.
Manage multiple, variable tasks and data review processes, as well as mass data entry, maintenance, and update projects.
Complete data audits and evaluations within core systems.
Identify and resolve complex issues, including mass change updates, reconciliation projects, and the operationalization of data from various sources.
Analyze and advise management of workflow issues and data integrity problems and offer recommendations on resolution.
Develop and submit internal and external status reports.
Create report and data reconciliation through Access, Excel, Business Objects and other reporting tools, to include provider data, claims data, membership data.

For New Hampshire Healthy Families Only:
Aid with project implementation and project management for medical management and health plan initiatives.
Design, plan and implement process improvement within medical management functions.
Education/Experience:
Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience. 0-2 years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access. Experience with Business Intelligence and SQL tools preferred.

BUSINESS ANALYTIC:
Bachelors degree related field or equivalent experience. 0-2 years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 0-1 years of related IT experience, including data warehouse, coding or ETL experience. Advanced knowledge of Business Intelligence , SQL, and Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access.

Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law.",3.4,"Centene
3.4","Chesterfield, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1984,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
374,Market Risk Data Analyst - Senior Manager (Financial Services),-1,"A career in our Analytics Technology practice, within Data and Analytics Technology services, will provide you with the opportunity to help organisations uncover enterprise insights and drive business results using smarter data analytics. We focus on a collection of organisational technology capabilities, including business intelligence, data management, and data assurance that help our clients drive innovation, growth, and change within their organisations in order to keep up with the changing nature of customers and technology. Youll make impactful decisions by mixing mind and machine to leverage data, understand and navigate risk, and help our clients gain a competitive edge. Our team helps clients navigate various analytics applications to get the most value out of their technology investment and foster confidence in their business intelligence. As part of our team, youll help our clients implement enterprise content and data management applications that improve operational effectiveness and provide impactful data analytics and insights.

To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.

As a Senior Manager, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Encourage everyone to have a voice and invite opinion from all, including quieter members of the team.
Deal effectively with ambiguous and unstructured problems and situations.
Initiate open and candid coaching conversations at all levels.
Move easily between big picture thinking and managing relevant detail.
Anticipate stakeholder needs, and develop and discuss potential solutions, even before the stakeholder realises they are required.
Contribute technical knowledge in area of specialism.
Contribute to an environment where people and technology thrive together to accomplish more than they could apart.
Navigate the complexities of cross-border and/or diverse teams and engagements.
Initiate and lead open conversations with teams, clients and stakeholders to build trust.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
7 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree Preferred:
Master Degree

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Management, Management Information Systems, Information Technology, Financial Mathematics, Applied Physics, Data Processing/Analytics/Science

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:

Demonstrates intimate-level abilities and/or a proven record of success managing efforts with identifying and addressing client needs.
Demonstrates a proven record of success developing, validating or auditing models within the Financial Services sector, including; the banking industry, consulting, or government regulatory positions, in the following areas: securities and derivatives valuation and risk management, including retail and/or wholesale, market and credit risk models, mortgage prepayment models, and/or complex discounted cash flow models;
Specializes in econometric and analytical modeling, statistical and machine learning techniques for analyzing large sets of financial data, including: sampling, hypothesis testing, optimization; time series, regression, decision tree, and cluster analyses;
Displays techniques for visualizing complex financial data analyses;
Utilizes working knowledge of the regulatory guidance on model risk management, including model documentation and model validation report writing;
Demonstrates abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas: model development, testing, documentation, and validation tasks for pricing/valuation, risk, or capital models;
Specializes in advanced statistical and/or econometric modeling utilizing SAS or R software, Excel/VBA, SQL, Python and other programming languages and applications;
Displays ability to identify and address client needs, which includes: building relationships with clients, developing an awareness of Firm services, approaching client in an organized manner, and delivering clear requests for information;
Provides problem solving skills, communicates effectively in written and verbal formats to various audiences (including various levels of management and external clients) in a professional business environment;
Displays ability to research and analyze pertinent client, industry, and technical matters;
Demonstrates ability to contributes to a positive working environment by building relationships with team members; proactively seeking guidance, clarification and feedback;
Demonstrates ability to identify, escalate and communicate potential issues and conflicts; and,
Utilizes flexibility in handling multiple tasks by prioritizing and focusing on successful execution.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.",3.8,"PwC
3.8","Chicago, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1998,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
375,Data Analyst,"$37k-$67k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview

Donegal Insurance Group is a regional property-casualty insurance company doing business in 26 states, headquartered in Marietta, PA, with 7 regional offices located in Athens, GA, Le Mars, IA, Grand Rapids, MI, Albuquerque, NM, Greenville, OH, Glen Allen, VA, and Sheboygan Falls, WI.

Donegal offers a broad range of personal and commercial insurance products sold exclusively through our network of independent agents. We are committed to the independent agency system and proud of the company's heritage, which spans over 130 years. Donegal's strong financial foundation and successful operating strategies have earned the company a rating of 'A' (Excellent) by the A.M. Best Company, the nation's leading insurance rating organization.

Job Summary

Donegal Insurance Group has an opening for a Data Analyst to work in the Business Intelligence area. Primary responsibility will be to provide data for business intelligence solutions for all functional areas based on business need. This role will work closely with IT to acquire data, identify analytical requirements and perform business analysis using various techniques, e.g. statistical analysis, explanatory and predictive modeling, data mining. This role will help in determining best practices and develop actionable insights and recommendations for the current business operations. This role will help ensure business intelligence applications and analyses enhance business decision-making capabilities.

Responsibilities and Duties
Based on business requirements, provide data from multiple sources for use in building analytical solutions which enhance decision-making and/or refine operations.
Aid in the interpretation of results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation to complex data mining.
Coordinate the use of data to develop, modify, and enhance reports and dashboards based on user requirements.
Create, enhance, and maintain data models/sets.
Identify business trends and problems through data analysis.
Collaborate with business users and members of IT, including business analysts, database architects, and managers.
Gather and document user requirements.
Perform usability testing and report data validation against end user requirements.
Gain familiarity with data structure in the Donegal data warehouse and various data marts.
Exhibit a commitment to data quality by validating results against requirements.
Ensure duties are performed in adherence to all Federal, State, and Local laws and regulations.
Comply with guidelines, policies, and directives outlined in the company handbook and department manuals.
Provide timely, courteous, and quality customer service to customers.
Clearly demonstrate commitment and participation to team goals and objectives.
Reliable attendance and punctuality.
Qualifications and Skills
Bachelors Degree in Business Intelligence, Computer Sciences, Information Technology, Data Science, Data & Analytics, Mathematics, Statistics, Actuarial Science or related field required.
1-2 years of related experience preferred.
Experience working with property/casualty insurance preferred
PC skills to include:
Microsoft Office applications
Power BI, SSRS and Excel
SQL
Oracle
Relational and dimensional modeling concepts
DAX and M expression languages
Open-Source Software (e.g. R / Python)
Benefits

Donegal Insurance Group offers a comprehensive benefits package for all full-time, permanent positions. Learn more about our benefit offerings by visiting our Benefits page.

Additional Information

Donegal Insurance Group participates in E-Verify in the following states: Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nebraska, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Utah. If you reside in one of the listed states, please review the ""Notice of E-Verify Participation"" and the ""Right to Work Poster"" on the links below:
Notice of E-Verify Participation Poster (English and Spanish)
Right to Work Poster (English and Spanish)
Powered by JazzHR",3.7,"Donegal Insurance Group
3.7","Marietta, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1889,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
376,Data Analyst,"$43k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Lemonaid Health

Lemonaid Health (www.lemonaid.com) is a direct to consumer online healthcare company – we’re a technology company, an online doctor’s office and an online pharmacy. We exist to help Americans nationwide get the convenient and affordable primary care they need online. Our doctors, nurse practitioners, pharmacists and customer service team wow patients with an amazing 5* level of service every time. We’re building the most convenient and affordable healthcare experience in the US, which we believe will start as an online company. According to the Inc 5000, we’re the 25th fastest growing company in San Francisco!

We’re an entrepreneurial team of 85 people. We’re backed by large strategic investors and amazing VC investors who’ve invested in businesses like Salesforce, Pinterest, Vine and Refinery29. We’re profitable and growing faster than ever! This is a great opportunity if you’re early in your career and want to get involved in all aspects of a fast-growing startup.

Take a look at the reviews on our website for what patients say about how we help them. We’re proud that we’re the highest rated online consumer healthcare app on the Apple App store. Our internal team culture is to try to wow others in the team as much as we wow our patients.

Why we need you!
We need someone who can get insights from our data and identify actions that we need to take.
We need fast answers to critical business questions so that we can help even more patients and grow even faster.
We need someone who is curious and thoughtful to look at our data trends and identify opportunities and challenges.
What you'll do
Answer business questions and provide insights from our data, and identify questions we should be asking.
Proactively create and maintain self-updating dashboards so that current information is always available without manual intervention.
Be our go-to person for all data-related questions and requests from the company.
Proactively create reports to help team leaders and company leadership make business decisions based on accurate data and insight.
Understand business performance and communicate opportunities and progress clearly and concisely.
Protect our data by implementing our technical security processes to mitigate the risk of data breaches because you understand that healthcare is a heavily regulated industry!
What you need
You MUST have 2-3 years of business intelligence and reporting experience in a commercial role, i.e. academic work doesn't count
You are self-motivated, driven and curious to dig in to data and turn it into actionable intelligence.
Advanced level SQL and ideally some familiarity with NoSQL databases
You have a knack for making sophisticated dashboards aesthetically pleasing, easy to use and easy to digest.
Experience using data visualization tools to build dashboards (i.e. Knowi, Looker)
Experience with Microsoft Excel, Google Sheets etc. (i.e. Pivot tables, Vlookups, etc.)
Python or R knowledge is a plus, but not required.
You will work out of our office in San Francisco, CA - This is not a remote position!
Who you are
Experienced - you have real-world reporting experience gained outside an academic environment
Proactive - you anticipate what the team needs rather than waiting to be told.
Great communicator - you write and speak clearly and use the ‘pyramid principle summary’ approach to communication
Amazing attention to detail - you’re great at the detail. You can signal this by referring to and using the ‘pyramid principle summary’ in your cover letter.
Fast learner - you love learning and like working on new things. You’ll need to figure out how our medical team, pharmacy team and patient support team operate as well as where all the data lives and how it should be accessed and used.
Scrappy - you figure out solutions in creative ways without saying we need to buy a new software package or build new technology.
Mission driven - you know healthcare needs fixing and you want to be part of the solution.

Things to know:

· The Lemonaid team is super friendly and enjoy working together on common goals

· We follow a set of guiding principles in everything we do:
1 - Aim for “wow” in everything we do, celebrate wow.
2 - Be driven by our mission to increase access to healthcare.
3 - Lead in innovation - act first.
4 - Communicate clearly using the correct communication medium.
5 - Set a high bar for ourselves and each other - provide and take feedback.
6 - Be proactive - never say “that’s just how we always do it”.
7 - Champion equality - proactively be anti-discriminatory.

· We have a culture that values truth seekers and speakers, where respect for one another is fundamental

· Everyone has a voice and is expected to use it to make an impact

· We are conveniently located in downtown San Francisco within walking distance to Bart, food trucks and all things we love about San Francisco

· Lemonaid Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer committed to diversity in the workplace.

· All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.

Ready to apply?

If you're excited about how we want to change healthcare and buzzed about the role, send us your resume and a personalized cover letter and let’s talk!",4.8,"Lemonaid Health
4.8","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
377,Data Analyst,"$79k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Snowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more.

We are looking for a Data Analyst to research and gather data to analyze the performance of all aspects of marketing programs to help our business grow. The Analyst will be responsible for evaluating the effectiveness of all global marketing programs and will assist with forecasting lead flow, conversion metrics, and influenced pipeline.

AS A DATA ANALYST ON THE MARKETING TEAM AT SNOWFLAKE YOU WILL:
Analyze full-funnel metrics using Snowflake to combine data from various platforms to help the marketing team make ongoing decisions to improve performance focusing on growth.
Use Snowflake in your daily work to help us to better understand the impact of marketing.
Dive into data to find trends and patterns in large datasets and theorize ways to exploit those trends.
Work closely with our Analytics and Sales Operations teams to implement data analysis best practices.
Analyze key drivers in growth for our free trial, and help develop new campaigns to attract growth.
Evaluate email performance to improve database health and recommend database segmentation to increase performance and better nurture demand.
Provide insights that will help guide our attribution methodology and enhance our understanding of customer lifetime value.
OUR IDEAL DATA ANALYST WILL HAVE:


3+ years of experience working with SQL.
1+ year evaluating marketing data
Experience working with data from Google, Marketo, Google, Salesforce and other digital ad platforms.
Understanding of marketing and sales process.
Exposure to business intelligence tools such as Looker, Tableau, Business Objects, and Microstrategy.
Must be highly organized, able to pick up things quickly, and create processes that scale in a rapidly evolving and growing environment.
The ability to thrive in a dynamic environment. That means flexibility and willingness to jump in and do whatever it takes to be successful.
4-year degree

Snowflake is growing fast, and we're scaling our team to help enable and accelerate our growth. We are looking for people who share our values, challenge ordinary thinking, and push the pace of innovation while building a future for themselves and Snowflake.

How do you want to make your impact?",4.2,"Snowflake
4.2","San Mateo, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
378,Data Analyst- Win 10 Migration- NYC,-1,"Data Analyst Contract New York City

Job # 440
Provides strategic and tactical support to the organization by analyzing and interpreting the data to provide creative solutions.
Provides strategic and tactical support to the organization by analyzing and interpreting the
Task & Deliverables:
Review desktop software used in environment in preparation for Windows 10 migrations by working closely with team that pulls data from Microsoft SCCM and runs the needed SQL queries
Scrub software inventory to remove non-software such as patches, etc.
Research unknowns using Internet Browsers, internal tools and better judgment to validate if true software or if it can be excluded
Research to determine what software are Microsoft Office plugins
Compare each software product to internal database to determine
Windows 10 certification status
Latest available software package number
If software package requires unique license key for activation post installation
Use pre-determined software categories to classify each line item of software
Review scrubbed data to ensure updates are being reflected for each Business Units set of software Repair or create Microsoft Excel formulas as needed
Once software is properly scrubbed, reviewed and classified we should be able to identify which software has already been internally Windows 10 certified, not yet certified/packaged, unknown software, for each Business Unit
Provide daily updates to team on analysis
Skills Required:
Expert with Microsoft Excel
Familiar with SQL Queries
Familiar with desktop software
Software Asset Management (SAM) experience is a plus
Excellent attention to detail
Well organized
Powered by JazzHR",3.0,"Royal Communications Consultants Inc
3.0","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
379,Senior Data Analyst,"$48k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary:

Want to join one of the nation's best employers? Interested in providing small and medium sized businesses with solutions that make them grow? Do you like serving customers and care about people? Then maybe Heartland is for you:

We're looking for team members who are excited by our mantra - Entrepreneurs Respectfully Serving Entrepreneurs, and who want to work in a culture built on care, focus and quality.

We need customer-focused, can-do, team-oriented folks who are ok with having fun.

Job Details:

The Sr. Data Analyst will be primarily responsible for supporting the leaders of Heartland’s Operations teams with business process improvement, data analysis, and developing business intelligence (BI) tools. The Sr. Data Analyst will work to gather, analyze, and translate data that has been collected regarding Heartland’s initiatives and production into a format to enable better business decisions.

What will you be doing?

Coordinate with leadership team to identify critical data to capture and report on

Consolidate and summarize data for business decision making and continuous improvements

Create graphical representations of data/analysis for easy consumption

Perform statistical analysis (correlation, regression, or time series analysis)

Inspect and cleanse data for accuracy and quality

Some data ETL/ELT responsibilities as needed

Other responsibilities as assigned

What are the requirements?

Position requires knowledge typically associated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, MIS, Economics, Business, Mathematics, Statistics, related technical field, or equivalent work experience.

4+ years of applicable experience as a Data Analyst or similar role

Understanding of the Bankcard Industry or Commission Based Sales is a plus.

Strong understanding of reporting requirements and structural hierarchies for reporting in a collaborative environment. Query, analyze and transform complex data sets to optimize dashboard flexibility and performance.

Rationalize and identify use cases for developing data visualization, including identifying different personas for each use case.

The Sr. Data Analyst will work with large amounts of data: facts, figures, and number crunching. The candidate will need to see through the data and analyze it to find conclusions. One needs to be strong in logic and mathematics.

Communication Skills: Sr. Data Analyst will be expected to present their findings or translate the data into an understandable document. This candidate will need to write and speak clearly, easily communicating complex ideas. Needs to possess the ability to work in a team environment as well as individually.

Critical Thinking: Sr. Data analyst must look at the numbers, trends, and data and come to conclusions based on the findings.

Presentation Skills: Ability to organize data and supporting information into visual representations that allow consumers to easily dissect and make decisions based on data provided.

Attention to Detail: Data is precise. Data analysts have to make sure they are vigilant in their analysis to come to correct conclusions. Must make every effort not to only meet but also preempt customer needs.

Strong experience with hands-on building and deploying Tableau, Qlik, PowerBI or Spotfire data visualizations and dashboards

Understand foundational concepts of data visualization. Thoughtfully connects these concept business metrics and KPIs to achieve business goals.

Experience in relational database concepts with a solid knowledge of SQL Server

Microsoft Office Products: Advanced level with Excel, PowerPoint, and Word.

Preferred Qualities

Motivated self-starter

Detail oriented

Cautious

Consistent

Well Spoken

Tenacious

Ability to manage a project

Heartland Qualities

Uncompromising honesty

Approachable and willing to offer helpful solutions

Ability to search relentlessly for better solutions

Must handle constructive feedback well

Global Payments Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.

Global Payments provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, genetic information or any other basis protected by law. Those applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application and/or interview process should notify a representative of the Human Resources Department.",3.0,"Heartland Payment Systems, Inc.
3.0","Jeffersonville, IN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
380,Data Analyst - SQL,"$58k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Strong technical background in data integration in the financial services industry
Minimum of 2 years of experience with SQL including query creation and stored procedure troubleshooting
Solid understanding of system development methodologies and techniques, and an excellent grasp of database concepts and principles
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Strong business and technical writing skills
Developed analytical and problem solving skills
Previous direct responsibility for writing structured business requirements, functional specifications, test plans and test cases
Considerable Visio and MS Office application skills
Demonstrated ability to understand complex concepts and to learn quickly
Extensive problem solving skills and the ability manage resources on competing projects
Exposure to SharePoint site management and document storage is a plus Keys to the role • Experience in SQL – Stored procedure and query exposure
Data analysis – person can dig into the data • Requirements gathering & documentation – Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) • Financial service experience
Experience in Teradata is preferred",1.0,"Sphinix Solutions
1.0","Richmond, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
381,Data Analyst,-1,"Role Overview

Security, energy management, asset protection, and automation efficiencies...these are a few of our favorite things.

STRATIS IoT is actively seeking an experienced and passionate Data Analyst to join its engineering teams who are creating & molding the next generation of smart building technology. Our diverse family is made-up of adventurous, multifaceted individuals who bring what they've learned through various walks of life to improve our products.

As a Data Analyst, you should have at least two years of experience in the field, addressing real-world challenges. You will utilize your experience to assist in gaining user experience insights, product successes, key data opportunities, and overall scaling of the STRATIS platform.

Key Responsibilities
Love what you do & be an integral part of our family that is forging a new path in IoT technology;
Work with internal and external stakeholders to understand how they are using our product's data, align on useful metrics, and produce data representations an interpretable way;
Use creative analysis to surface opportunities across multiple databases;
Work relentlessly to ensure data findings are accessible to users at all levels through dashboards, visualizations, and reports;
Drive sales awareness, marketing efforts, program highlights when key data-points are discovered;
Actively interact with clients & partners during pilot projects to gain user insights;
Utilize data to understand user experiences in the field, as they are controlling & managing devices such as locks, thermostats, lights, shades, water metering, energy metering, & leak detection;
Innovate constantly on existing and cutting-edge technology to build new solutions;
Assist in the company's machine learning and AI goals in order to fully capitalize on our automation capabilities;
Take ownership of the company's data reporting capabilities, but work collaboratively with engineering teams to ensure you are armed with what you need;
Represent the company well as a continually client-facing team member;
This role reports directly to the Chief Innovation & Product Officer (CIPO).
Qualifications
2+ years of experience working with software engineering teams in an Agile environment as a data-oriented team-member;
Extraordinary initiative, drive, organization, and task-management skills;
Familiarity with Looker (LookML);
Ability to positively influence decision-making at all levels within an engineering organization with data insights;
Quick to learn new, complex systems and technologies;
Understanding of engineering principles, scrum practices, etc;
Excited to impact real people every day through your work.
Interview Process

PHASE 1: A member of our team will contact you to arrange a call to discuss your professional accomplishments & ambitions. You may be asked to participate in a second phone call to gauge technical capabilities as well.

PHASE 2: You will be invited to interview with the teams. This interview will include a review by multiple members of our various teams. Throughout this phase of the interview process, you will get the chance to interact with our teams in a casual, free-flowing environment.

PHASE 3: Final interview to assess our mutual culture-add, your relevant skillsets, and to answer any additional questions that may have come up throughout the process. Prior to this phase, you may be requested to contribute to a challenge of some type.

About STRATIS

Located in the former East Falls community theatre in the East Falls neighborhood of Philadelphia, STRATIS is widely considered one of the best-kept secrets in emerging technology. Since 2014, we have been the leader in smart apartments for multifamily. We were named one of Entrepreneur Magazine's ""Best Companies in America"" two years in a row, #740 on Inc. Magazine's list of 5000 ""fastest-growing companies"" in 2019, and our CEO, Felicite Moorman, was Ernst & Young's 2017 local and regional Entrepreneur of the Year.

As the only system of its kind built for the complexities of multifamily building management, we are leading the global movement for smart cities in the urban and residential sectors. To date, STRATIS has been installed in over 30,000 units in Japan and Europe, and in over 350,000 units across 46 states in the U.S.

Key Benefits
Competitive salary
401K retirement plan (matching)
Medical, dental, and vision plan
Life Insurance plan
SEPTA Transportation discounts
Dog-friendly office for people-friendly dogs
Ability to see your contributions impact lives every day
Flexible schedules and vacation/work from home policy (including maternity/paternity leave)
Sponsorship for conferences and educational events
Supportive, casual, and professional work environment for a team that focuses on creating linchpins, mentors, and experts in their field.",4.8,"STRATIS IoT Inc
4.8","Philadelphia, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
382,Data Analyst,-1,"HRS is looking to add a Data Analyst to its growing data team. This person will be responsible for maintaining and curating current data pipelines and reports, building out data transformation pipelines and dynamic dashboards, primarily using tools like SQL and Chartio. This is an exciting role for someone with a quantitative mindset and desire to create data products as well as communicate their findings with various stakeholders. Through this work, you’ll have ample opportunities to make a positive difference in the lives of clinicians and patients who use our platforms.

What you’ll be doing

Writing efficient SQL queries to pull data from our databases
Creating clear and informative dashboards and reports using SQL-based BI tools such as Chartio
Maintaining, improving and building out data transformation pipelines
Ensuring data quality that leads to reproducible results
Be a primary point of contact for HRS marketing, product, tech support, sales and client success teams, eventually taking full ownership of their data requests

What we’re looking for

A data skeptic with strong organizational skills
Someone with a degree in a scientific discipline, including but not limited to mathematics, statistics, informatics/bioinformatics/health informatics, quantitative psychology, business analytics, or 1-2 years of relevant work experience
Knowledge of SQL and best coding practices
Knowledge of Excel and/or BI tools such as Tableau, Looker, Chartio
Internal drive for consistency, willingness and ability to find optimal and maintainable solutions when it comes to building data products, such as BI dashboards
Strong communication skills and a passion for communicating through data

Bonus points

Knowledge of analytics engineering principles and tools like dbt
Experience with git and Jira
Experience with R or Python for Data Visualization and Exploratory Analysis
Self-motivation and willingness to learn new tools and technologies in a fast-growing start-up environment

What we offer

Competitive salary commensurate with experience
Flexible hours and work environment
Paid vacation
Medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance packages to fit your needs
Flexible spending account for medical, commuter benefits
401(k) savings plan
Unlimited snacks, coffee, and drinks
Employee events and catered team lunches
ZogSports Team
The opportunity to work with some of the smartest, most driven people in the industry and have fun while doing it!

Creating a new standard of care requires passion, drive, and the desire to make health care accessible, efficient, and effective. HRS is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are proud to celebrate and foster diversity within our workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, veteran status, physical or mental disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics.

Powered by JazzHR

27fshagMyf",4.7,"Health Recovery Solutions Incorporated
4.7","Hoboken, NJ",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
383,Analyst/Sr. Analyst - Data Engineering - Business Intelligence Data,"$46k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Description

This employee will lead a team responsible for using data to analyze market and business trends to increase profits and efficiency within the Ally Insurance Operations Business Unit. Extensive business data and process knowledge will be obtained and used, as well as competitor data and industry trends. This will develop a picture of where the company stands in the industry, where we can improve and where we can reduce costs. A clear understanding of the business use around downstream data is required to ensure success. This position will work closely with our resident subject matter experts in the data management - configuration department.

Job Responsibilities

Lead all data governance initiatives and action plans to success. Report the progress, road blocks, and benefits of these programs to the executive leadership team on a bimonthly basis. Subject matter expert on all Insurance systems Deep understanding of data management principles and practices. Responsible to learn our product data in 4 operational systems to obtain an overall picture of our Insurance business. Lead a team responsible for data and design reviews and testing for all Insurance systems. Responsible for the Quarterly Insurance Analytics Working Group Meetings, as well as our Annual Big Data Competition. Research of new technologies and data, such as telematics data usage, and new tools for data exploration and visualization.

Qualifications

1+ Years of Data and Business Analysis
Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Information Science or similar background preferred
1+ Years of Python/SQL experience
Ability to work across cultures and functions Experience Working with - Growing High Potential Talent Strong Written and Oral Communication skills, as well as ability to Manage Large Meetings Strong Microsoft Access, Excel, and Power Point skills Strong organizational, analytical and interpersonal skills Proficiency in Oracle SQL, Cognos, Tableau, and other reporting - analysis tools Technical expertise in data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets

Ally Overview

Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE: ALLY) is a leading digital financial services company and a top 25 U.S. financial holding company offering financial products for consumers, businesses, automotive dealers and corporate clients. Ally's legacy dates back to 1919, and the company was redesigned in 2009 with a distinctive brand, innovative approach and relentless focus on its customers. Ally has an award-winning online bank (member FDIC), one of the largest full service auto finance operations in the country, a complementary auto-focused insurance business, a growing digital wealth management and online brokerage platform, and a trusted corporate finance business offering capital for equity sponsors and middle-market companies.

Total Rewards Information

Ally's compensation program offers market-competitive base pay and pay-for-performance incentives (bonuses) based on achieving personal and company goals. But Ally's total compensation - or total rewards - extends beyond your paycheck and is designed to support and enrich your personal and professional life, including:

Time Away: competitive holiday and flexible paid-time-off, including time off for volunteering and voting.
Planning for the Future: benefits to help you plan for the near and long term including an industry-leading 401K retirement savings plan with matching and company contributions, student loan and 529 educational assistance programs, tuition reimbursement and other financial well-being programs.
Supporting your Health & Well-being: flexible health and insurance options including dental and vision, pre-tax Health Savings Account with employer contributions and a total well-being program that helps you and family stay on track physically, socially, emotionally and financially.
Building a Family: adoption, surrogacy and fertility support as well as benefits that help you take care of your family - parental and caregiver leave, back-up child and adult/elder day care program and child care discounts.
Work-Life Integration: other benefits including LifeMatters® Employee Assistance Program, subsidized and discounted Weight Watchers® program and other employee discount programs.

Ally is an Equal Opportunity Employer

We extend equal employment opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy status, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic disposition or any other reason protected by law.",3.8,"Ally Financial Inc.
3.8","Detroit, MI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1919,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
384,"Security Analyst, External Data Misuse","$62k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.

Are you interested in solving complex problems that are geared towards improving the privacy of people using Facebook's family of apps? Do you have an adversarial mindset and are excited about investigating and analyzing potential threats? Come join us at Facebook! The External Data Misuse (EDM) Enforcements team is looking for someone who loves reimagining what's possible when it comes to detecting, researching and disrupting attackers by investigating entities and analyzing data to uncover patterns of automated abuse. The team provides actionable insights upstream and works with our engineering teams to constantly implement solutions at scale through better automation strategies to make the internet a safer place for all. Successful candidates for this team have a bias toward action and enjoy finding patterns amid chaos, making quick decisions, and aren't afraid of being wrong. The ideal candidate will have a background in a quantitative field as well as bot detection/mitigation, anti-scraping, IT security, etc. The candidate will have experience working with large data sets and will have in-depth experience in data-driven decision making. You are scrappy, focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to reduce abuse and negative user experiences across the platform.
Use your extensive domain knowledge of Scraping and Bot detection to proactively detect automated abuse against our platform
Uncover insights into network traffic (web or mobile) if there are automated attacks against our servers/products
Apply your knowledge in quantitative business analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to identify trends and opportunities in investigating and blocking scraping
Analyze and interpret data on which to devise hypotheses
Create investigation reports that clearly communicate issues and risks from both a technical and business perspective
Implement effective countermeasures to stop scraping based on these identified patterns
Be a thought leader for data-informed initiatives and guide the teams overall direction
Partner with Data Science, Product, Engineering, and Operations teams to solve problems at scale
Work effectively with our partners in Legal and eCrime to investigate scrapers and scraping activities
Work with internal teams to understand what happens with exfiltrated data
Partner with internal teams to help shape and inform bot detection technology
3+ years of experience in the adversarial space working on Scraping, understanding Network traffic, Bot Detection/Mitigation
2+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis
In-depth understanding of how HTTP and API requests are utilized
In-depth understanding of how Browsers and Mobile Apps operate
Experience querying large data sets and SQL
Experience working independently and as a member of a cross-functional team
Experience summarizing and communicating technical data to a non-technical audience
Attention to detail and experience creating high quality work products suitable for executive-level review
BA/BS in Computer Science, Math/Finance, Physics, Applied Economics, Statistics or other technical field
Experience contributing to the security community (open source, academic research, industry research, blogs, presentations, etc.)
Experience with programming and/or scripting languages such Haskell, Java, C++, Perl, Python, PHP
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.",4.5,"Facebook
4.5","Washington, DC",-1,10000+ Employees,2004,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
385,Data Analyst,"$38k-$68k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary

The Data Analyst is responsible for coordinating data collection from internal sources and applications; data entry; designing methods to display data for review, analysis, and presentation for business operations, quality and process improvement initiatives.

Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Data Analytics or similar
1-3 years of directly related experience
Strong analytical skills
Strong communication skills
Working knowledge of database management and MS Word, Excel & Access are required.
Familiarity of healthcare systems & terminology preferred.
Major Responsibilities
Access, provide data and analyze data from various sources to support quality, performance improvement, operations and risk-based initiatives. Created meaningful knowledge by performing trend analysis and other statistics.
Present insight with supporting data to senior leadership and project teams in a concise manner.
Clearly document and present data, risks, assumptions and definitions.
Collaborates with teammates, project leaders and others to perform and document scope analysis to understand and communicate the data needed and the output being delivered time frames and prioritizations for projects.
Actively participate in the Performance Improvement team in exploring news concepts, learning, and supporting the work of the team to meet the priorities of the organization.
Creates reports using existing data elements, applications and other sources to supply data to leadership and other designated staff as requested.
Identifies and communicates issue as early as possible and work with teammates and leadership to resolve issues.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Apply Now!",4.0,"Exeter Health Resources
4.0","Exeter, NH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1896,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
386,Data Analyst,"$43k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)",Please send your resume and cover letter to careers@boost-hc.com,2.2,"Boost Healthcare Consulting
2.2","Alameda, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
387,Data Analyst,"$53k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB POSTING

APPOINTMENT TYPE: Full-Time Regular (FTR-A)

LOCATION: Quantico, VA

PURPOSE: The Data Analyst conducts full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design. Data analysts will develop analysis and reporting capabilities. They will also monitor performance documentation, and metrics to identify improvements.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques.
Develop and implement data analyses, data collection systems, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports.
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports.
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems.
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs.
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.
Support additional activities, functions, or duties, as required.

JOB REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, or in another field with demonstrable coursework in these areas.
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst.
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (e.g. Business Objects), databases (e.g. SQL), programming (e.g. XML, JavaScript, or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (e.g. Excel, SPSS, SAS)
Possess strong written and verbal communication skills
Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Adobe Acrobat
Attention to detail and strong organizational skills
The ability to prioritize job responsibilities in a fast-paced environment while maintaining a focus on excellent customer service is a must.
Candidates must be US citizens and able to pass a background check, drug screening, and a polygraph (if required).


* This is a contingent opportunity",3.8,"ORAU
3.8","Quantico, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1946,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
388,Data Analyst,"$69k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Update (Oct. 30): This job is still opening. According to previous screening landscape, good technical skills in data manipulation, especially in SQL, is a must and the client prefer candidates in Bay Area. Thanks!

Title: Data Analyst

Duration: 12 months with good extension possibility (W2 contractor)

Location: Sunnyvale, CA

Analytics team of our client (one in FLAG) leverages big data to develop and deliver data-driven tools, metrics, insights, and ultimately drive the companys monetization efforts. Were looking for a creative and technical candidate who is passionate about mining big data, turning data into insights, and making an impact through creative storytelling and timely actions. This role will be focusing on product security areas.

Responsibilities:
Create and automate reports and dashboards to track business metrics for Security areas
ETL data, clean and validate data when needed
Monitor trend metrics and quickly identify the root cause of anomaly
Analyze and draw insights from data and make recommendations based on the analysis
Develop and improve predictive models to optimize user experience and operational efficiency
Partner with cross-functional teams to lead or contribute to large-scale projects as well as ongoing operational activities
Craft compelling stories, make logical recommendations, drive informed actions
Perform Ad hoc analytics tasks
Required skills and experience:
Strong technical skills: Proficiency with SQL/relational databases (Teradata, Oracle etc.)
Experience in data analysis in Hadoop/HDFS and Hive/Pig
Experience with Python, Javascript or other scripting language, web development a plus
Candidates must have strong business mindset, logical thinking and problem solving skills
Excellent communications skills are required. Candidate must be able to explain complex problems to a variety of audience. Candidate must be able to drive meetings, presentation and lead discussions
2+ years hands-on experience in business analytics
Successful candidate needs to have a strong passion in analytics and curiosity to learn new skills in a fast-paced environment
Preferred Skills:
Experience with Tableau or other visualization tools
Advanced degree in quantitative fields - Computer Science, Engineering, Operational Research, Statistics, Economics, etc.
Powered by JazzHR",4.2,"IntelliPro Group Inc.
4.2","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
389,Junior Data Analyst,-1,"Designation
Junior Data Analyst

04-Feb-2020

SR Number
UFS-/UFS-/2019/1143055

Country
USA

No. of Positions
3

Auto req ID
608493BR

Experience
1-3 Years

Skill (Primary)
Support Competencies (BSERV )-Verify/Validate-compliance audit

Qualification
Diploma

Location
Colorado

Job Family
Delivery Transaction

Employee Group
Business Line Hourly

Job Description (Posting).
Generates and maintains all process related financial dats . Manages adhoc reporting requests & manages reporting for the team,Identify and track the unmeasured areas keeping and maintaining quality standards as per the defined quality norms,Innovation and Kaizen,Training & Self Development,Solution Mindset . (1.) Bringing new ideas and Process Improvement (2.) Improving skill level through Self development / nominating training programs
Skill reverification Tests (3.) Individual should have ability to provide solutions commensurate with the customers’ needs within the ambit of the given environment so as to lead to business results. (4.) Meet the defined Quality Scores as defined by the process. (5.) To consistently meet or exceed CSAT parameters as defined for the process.

Entity
BSERV",3.5,"HCL Technologies
3.5",Colorado,-1,10000+ Employees,1991,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
390,Sr. Business Intelligence Engineer / Data Analyst,"$92k-$137k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business/Team Introduction
The Buying team is part of Amazons Supply Chain Optimization Technology / Inventory Planning and Control organization, and is responsible for deciding how much inventory to carry of every single item offered by Amazon Retail on all of Amazons websites worldwide. Consuming inputs including demand forecasts, placement options, and vendor capability data, our buying system automatically computes the optimal inventory levels and re-order quantities for every single item in our Retail catalog every single day. As a Business Intelligence Engineer/Data Analyst in Buying, you will operate at the apex of multiple Amazon systems, getting global visibility of how Amazon functions and serves our customers. Your curious mind will enable the creation of solutions that drive automation, scalability and optimization of every aspect of buying, reducing cost and delivering speed of execution to thrill our customers. The impact of your work will be global, material and remarkable.



Business Intelligence Engineer/Data Analyst Responsibilities
As a successful Business Intelligence Engineer/ Data Analyst in Buying, you need to be curious about Amazons supply chain operations and how data consumed and produced by our systems can be used to improve outcomes and lower costs. Your responsibility is to develop metrics, expose and measure the current performance of our Buying system, find and quantify opportunities for improvement, and dive deep into existing data to root cause unexpected performance. You will collaborate with engineering, research, data science and business teams for future innovation. You need to be a sophisticated user of data querying tools, and an expert at synthesizing and communicating insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication.


Major responsibilities include:


Translate / Interpret:
· Translate business questions and concerns into specific quantitative questions that can be answered with available data using sound methodologies. In cases where questions cannot be answered with available data, work with engineers to produce the required data.
Measure / Quantify / Expand

· Retrieve, synthesize, and present critical data in a format that is immediately useful to answering specific questions or improving system performance.
· Explore/analyze data and work with Research Scientists, Data Scientists and Product Managers to understand customer behaviors, spot system defects, and benchmark our ability to serve our customers
· Partner with Data Engineers and Software Engineers to design products and systems to transform and store billions of data items using AWS redshift.

Explore / Enlighten

· Given anecdotes about anomalies, design strategies to quantify the overall impact of such anomalies, deep dive to explain why they happen, and identify fixes.

Make Decisions or Recommendations

· Conduct written and verbal presentations to share insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication.



Basic Qualifications

· Bachelors degree in Statistics, Economics, Math, Finance, Engineering, Computer Science or a related quantitative field.
· At least 3 years of experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL, Redshift).
· At least 3 years of experience articulating business questions and using quantitative techniques and driving insights for business.
· Experience with automated self-service reporting tools (e.g. Tableau).
· Confidence in dealing with technical and non-technical senior level staff.
· Ability to operate successfully and independently in a fast-paced environment.
· Comfort with ambiguity and eagerness to learn new skills.



Preferred Qualifications

· Masters degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics or a related quantitative field.
· 5+ years experience with 2+ years Analytics and Process Improvement-related initiatives
· Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment
· Excellent verbal and written communication skills
· Experience processing, filtering, and presenting large quantities (Millions to Billions of rows) of data
· Experience working in R/Python
· Experience in supply chain is a plus",3.9,"Amazon
3.9","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
391,Data Analyst,"$36k-$67k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst with DRB Systems
DRB Systems is a growing and vibrant software company in need of a Data Analyst. DRB Systems (“DRB”) is the leading provider of technology-enabled devices and software solutions to the North American car wash industry. The Data Analyst is responsible for assisting the Analytics Team to create, maintain and publish operational metrics, create custom data sets and provide analytical analysis of data sets for internal and external customers.

What will our Data Analyst do?
• Develop, implement and maintain data collection systems from primary or secondary data sources to optimize statistical efficiency and data quality. (MS Access, Tableau, MS Excel)
o Create, maintain and publish Operational metrics
o Create custom reports as requested
• Interpret, analyze and communicate data results and trends to internal and external customers.
• Provide demos of SiteWatch Web reporting and other applicable reporting methods
• Main point of contact for POS reporting questions
o Assist internal and external customers with complex questions or escalated reporting issues
o Explain how metrics are calculated
o Analyze customer data and explain the results
o Create and review reporting documentation
• Work with R&D
o New reporting projects
o Identify, validate and collect data related to systemic issues or enhancement requests
o Testing and verifying accuracy on reports and numbers in proprietary products.
• Work with management to prioritize business and information needs.
• Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.

The right candidate will have:
• Education: Experience in any quality auditing or statistical analysis related activities. Degree of equivalent with a combination of education, training, and experience.
• Experience: 3 years’ experience in similar work
• Computer Skills: Microsoft Office, Software that specializes in statistical analysis, Data Analysis tools, such as SQL Tableau, and SAS.
• Ability to understand the relationship between information technology and business issues.
• Ability to work independently with limited required direction and guidance.
• Ability to handle multiple, concurrent assignments/ projects.
• Strong verbal and communication skills to effectively present findings and recommendations to peers and management.
• Limited travel within US.

A Career with a High Rate of Return:
We will invest in your professional development and create an environment where you will be given an opportunity to grow and develop your career. We have flexible schedules and provide a comfortable atmosphere. We offer a competitive compensation and a wide range of benefits, including paid time off, health insurance with company HSA contribution, dental, vision, 401(k) with company match, life insurance, and disability insurance.

Top Reasons Employees Love Working for DRB Systems
An Engaging and Collaborative work environment
A real Work life/ Home life balance (flexible hours)
Comprehensive Total Rewards Package (generous paid time off and affordable benefits)
Impressive Workplace (Onsite fitness center, gaming area, free beverages and commons area)
Growth and Development Opportunities
Comradery and Professional Family atmosphere
Forward Thinking Culture
Market Competitive Salaries
Pie day (last Friday of every month)
About DRB Systems
It happens nearly a million times a day: Someone washes their car at a car wash using a computer solution provided by DRB Systems.

At DRB Systems, we are makers of computer technology for tunnel car washes, having installed our systems at more than 3,500 sites. We are committed to excellent service provided by over 400 caring associates. We love to make new, cool products that help car wash owners live a better life. We are team players that enjoy each other’s company and the pleasure that comes with hard work.

Learn more about DRB Systems by visiting us at www.drbsystems.com",3.5,"DRB Systems, LLC
3.5","Akron, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1984,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
392,Healthcare Data Quality Analyst,-1,"GoAhead Solutions has a great opportunity in Chicago, IL for a Healthcare Data Quality Analyst. This would be a Six to Twelve-month contract to start out.

Job Description:

The Enterprise Data Quality Analyst - Customer Data Domain requires a candidate with strong data management background who understands data, data ingestion, proper use/consumption, data quality, and stewardship. In this role you will perform data quality processes, measurements, and analyses to assess patterns, identify root cause, define data quality rules, champion automated measurement, and partner with stakeholders to identify data improvement opportunities.

Responsibilities

-Implement data quality rules, automated measurement/monitoring, issues management framework, operational dashboards, and predictive models for proactive data quality assessment and identification of improvement opportunities.

-Work with source systems and downstream data consumers to apply advanced data quality techniques through automation to remediate issues, and implement processes to monitor data quality risks, including:

-Analyzing data quality results.

-Measuring and auditing large volumes of data for quality issues and improvements.

-Performing root cause analysis of data anomalies.

-Triaging data quality issues and creating remediation plans.

-Evaluating and quantifying the business impact of data quality issues and making recommendations for data improvements including required process and system changes.

-Develop data quality policies, procedures, best practices, and related knowledge content.

-Collaborate with stakeholders to ensure data quality best practices are implemented across enterprise data assets.

-Lead efforts to communicate the quality of enterprise data assets and the value realized through data improvement efforts.

-Orchestrate data quality work within the Agile framework and other methodologies where required for on-time delivery of data quality measures and results to stakeholders.

Qualifications

-5+ years’ experience of doing data quality analysis, root cause investigations, and remediation (not application testing).

-5+ years’ experience working with data tools such as SQL, R, Python, SAS, Looker, Tableau, Hue, and TOAD.

-Experience and working knowledge of data in a healthcare data management environment.

-Experience in migrating manual data quality processes to an automated, sustainable framework.

We Are Actively Hiring on VirtualFair!

About VirtualFair:

Virtualfair is every Recruiter’s Best Friend. It is a hiring platform that assists both job seekers and recruiters for the best virtual interview experience. Virtualfair saves time and resources to help companies hire, while we also commit to delivering the best potential candidates to our clients, like Nike, Pierpoint, Office Depot, and more through sourcing and engaging. Virtualfair offers an improved process for engagement, creating awareness, and pipelining candidates.

VirtualFair features include:

* Invites and screens diverse qualified candidates

* Intuitive video platform with no attendee limit

* One-on-One breakout sessions with recruiters

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Schedule:
* Monday to Friday",4.9,"GoAhead Solutions
4.9","Chicago, IL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2001,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
393,Data Analyst,"$45k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Technomics is a growing employee-owned, decision analytics company that specializes in cost and economic analysis to facilitate better decisions faster. We enable a wide range of clients across the Federal government, from senior level policy makers to program managers, to choose smartly, buy effectively and operate efficiently. We deliver practical, credible and defensible results offering actionable insights by applying data-driven and analytics-based approaches in combination with multidisciplinary talent,subject matter experts, and tangible and repeatable assets in the form of databases, models, approaches and techniques.
Associates use problem-solving principles, processes and methods and complementary software applications to support client engagements and have a direct and significant impact on deliverables to clients. Your work will be guided by more experienced team members, but you will work with autonomy.
Our employee-owners pride themselves on their ability to apply deep analytical rigor and innovative thought that assist clients in understanding and solving a myriad of challenging resource planning and management problems.
This position is located in Arlington, VA and Washington DC.

Collect, organize, and integrate data sets from various data sources, including EVM, accounting,schedule, budget, execution, quantity, technical and programmatic data.
Exhibit the analytical creativity required to tie data together and develop schemes/tools to regularly update databases.
Develop, update and execute policy/procedures for data management and data accessibility.
Develop dashboards and visualizations to show data collection status and provide first-pass analysis.
Contribute to cost estimates for large weapons systems or facilities projects.
Develop knowledge and understanding of technical and programmatic requirements for a variety of systems and projects.

Bachelor's degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., economics, engineering, mathematics, operations research or statistics) or a discipline that fosters problem solving, structured thought, and creativity.
Experience utilizing Tableau, PowerBI, and/or Oracle Data Analytics/Visualization tools
A strong understanding of creating SQL queries
Minimum of 1-3 years of quantitative analysis and problem solving experience.
Ability to effectively communicate technical work in writing and verbally
Strong Microsoft Office skills, especially Excel skills
Strong interest in solving government resource allocation problems
Ability to manage multiple deadlines and work products at the same time
Ability to obtain and/or maintain a minimum of a DoD Secret clearance or DHS Suitability
Candidates must be U.S. Citizens
Interest in contributing to the success of an employee-owned company that offers you a stake in the business
Technomics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, disability or veteran status.",4.0,"Technomics, Inc
4.0","Arlington, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1984,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
394,Data Analyst,"$41k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are CirrusLabs. Our vision is to become the world’s most sought-after niche digital transformation company that helps customers realize value through innovation. Our mission is to co-create success with our customers, partners and community. Our goal is to enable employees to dream, grow and make things happen. We are committed to excellence. We are a dependable partner organization that delivers on commitments. We strive to maintain integrity with our employees and customers. Every action we take is driven by value. The core of who we are is through our well knit teams and employees.
You are the core of a values driven organization. You have an entrepreneurial spirit. You enjoy working as a part of well-knit teams. You value the team over the individual. You welcome diversity at work and within the greater community. You aren’t afraid to take risks. You appreciate a growth path with your leadership team that journeys how you can grow inside and outside of the organization. You thrive upon continuing education programs that your company sponsors to strengthen your skills and for you to become a thought leader ahead of the industry curve. You are excited about creating change because your skills can help the greater good of every customer, industry and community.

Requirements

Role: Data Analyst
Location: Plano, TX

Duration: Short Term

Job Description

Data Analyst with strong SQL, Python",3.8,"CirrusLabs
3.8","Plano, TX",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
395,Data Analyst,"$49k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Starry:

Starry is proud to be an Equal Opportunity workplace. Just like the internet service we provide, we do not discriminate. We welcome people from all over the world to share their knowledge and perspectives. At Starry, you can discover the many careers and opportunities that are made possible when you connect people to the limitless possibilities of the internet.

Our mission focuses on two things. First, we're making the experience of accessing the internet simple, transparent, and delightful. Second, we're bringing that experience to underserved communities around the world. We approach our mission with a cutting-edge wireless technology, customer service designed to delight, and a culture of innovation and intellectual curiosity.

What You'll Do:
Design, build and maintain scalable data models to power self-service business intelligence tools and promote data-driven decision making
Own data projects end-to-end working with tools like Airflow, DBT, and Spark
Analyze complex datasets and communicate findings to stakeholders
Work with stakeholders across the organization to gather and understand data requirements
Architect and maintain pipelines for moving data into various third-party services, furthering our personalization capabilities
Build and maintain data tests and documentation
Serve as resident data quality advocate
Collaborate with engineering on infrastructure projects
Proactively seek out and investigate new technologies to advance Starry's analytics practice
Qualifications:
Eagerness to build a best-in-class data practice
4+ years of experience modeling, visualizing and interpreting data
Expert-level knowledge of SQL
Familiarity with dbt or similar tools for data transformation preferred
Proficiency in a scripting language, Python preferred
Experience with one or more cloud-based data warehouse (e.g. Snowflake, Redshift)
Enthusiasm for conducting reproducible analysis; we believe in code review, version control, and solid documentation
Proven ability to work with cross-functional groups in order to meet deliverables
Skilled at working in an autonomous environment where you'll work independently to execute on various projects
We work hard, so we take care of each other and try to enjoy ourselves along the way. We have:
Premium medical, dental, and vision coverage with no employee contribution required
12 weeks of paid parental leave
Catered meals on a weekly basis
Groups for skiing, biking, running, climbing, stretching, shuffleboard, darts, and more
Happy Interneting!

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.

Disclaimer: This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee.",4.0,"Starry
4.0","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
396,Data Analyst,"$41k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Tombras, a 330+ person, full-service, national advertising agency with a digital mindset, is seeking a Data Analyst to join the Data Analytics department.

You’ll be joining one of the top independent agencies in North America. We blur the lines between a creative agency, a digital agency and a management consultancy. Our digital offering is married to the discipline and rigor of our Effie-winning strategists and Cannes Lion-winning creative directors. We are united by our philosophy: Connecting Data & Creativity for Business Results®. You’ll also be a part of a highly creative agency that has been recognized by Advertising Age, Adweek, Communication Arts, Fast Company, Forbes and Fortune. Tombras was recently named one of Ad Age’s 2019 A-List Agencies to Watch.

The Data Analyst will report directly to the VP, Analytics. You will be responsible for the execution, evaluation and effective communication of data-driven, digital results and insights. This includes the development and implementation of holistic, cross-channel measurement.

What you'll be doing:

Measurement:
Develop and implement holistic, cross-channel measurement
Define, monitor, and analyze key performance indicators for continuous improvement of marketing campaigns
Consult with colleagues and clients on measurement strategies/techniques
Ensure appropriate analytics integration into agency production processes
Assessment and Analysis:
Works independently and with the VP, Analytics in assessing client media programs
Provides reporting & analysis for agency clients
Interpret media marketing data and analyze its effects on KPIs and ROI
Deliver analyses (i.e. insights and actions) via the appropriate means (e.g. dashboards, deep dive analyses, infographics, etc.)
Present results in a simple, story-telling fashion
Collaborate with numerous partners and agency departments to keep analyses integrated and focused.
What you bring:
1+ years of working with analysis of digital media channels in a business environment; prior experience working in an ad agency is a plus
Working knowledge of Tableau
Working knowledge of Marketing and Digital Marketing
Working knowledge of Web Analytics Platforms (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.)
Experience with AdWords, Facebook Business Manager, DCM is a plus
SQL knowledge or experience with database administration a plus
An analytical mind, an entrepreneurial spirit, and innovative strategic thinking
Ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams and make recommendations
Bachelor's in Marketing or Analytics and/or equivalent work experience
Master's in Marketing or Business Analytics a plus
Why you’ll want to work at Tombras:
New, Modern building in downtown Knoxville
Dog-friendly office
Casual dress
Highly collaborative and high-energy work environment
Competitive salaries
Benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, 401(k) and more
Company culture of promotions from within and an atmosphere allowing for varied and rapid career development.
This position will be remote to start and will be based at our headquarters in Knoxville, Tennessee. If you haven’t heard, it’s one of the coolest cities (just ask HuffPost, Buzzfeed and Forbes). Seriously — if you’re lucky, we might help you relocate here.

Tombras is proud to be an equal opportunity employer dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.

This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change or new ones may be assigned at any time with or without notice. Job may require traveling overnight, driving long distances as required and sitting for extended periods of time with occasional walking and standing and occasionally lifting or carrying articles weighing less than 10 pounds.

Tombras Offices and Locations: New York City, NY Charlotte, NC Atlanta, GA Washington, DC Knoxville, TN Nashville, TN",4.0,"Tombras
4.0","Knoxville, TN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1946,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
397,Data Analyst,"$40k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst

We are OpenSquare. We believe that people with a purpose need a place to be their best. From Seattle area skyscrapers to the Pacific Northwest’s premier Universities and medical facilities, we design and create insightful spaces with the latest technology providing our clients an environment that embodies their image and encourages success. Splice is the professional services division of OpenSquare, providing FF&E project integration, post-occupancy and MAC management for some of the most well-known companies in the Seattle area.

The Data Analyst provides critical business intelligence for the Splice team, specifically focused on building in-depth knowledge of relevant databases, processes and programs. Additionally, this role provides strategic information to key stakeholders through data mining of corporate databases and by deeply understanding business processes and programs. This role will also drive the development and communication of business performance reporting analysis

Location: South Lake Union

*Please note that due to an influx of candidate submittals, we are only reviewing candidates located in the Seattle/surrounding cities area*

The Data Analyst will:
Work closely with account managers and other stakeholders to support customer data questions and analysis
Interpret data and identify trends using statistical techniques, generate reports and visualizations
Support development and maintenance of databases, data collection systems, analytics and other strategies to optimize operational efficiency
Develop a deep understanding of the processes underlying our data to identify opportunities for data integrity, normalization and quality assurance initiatives
Develop metrics and dashboards for monitoring data trends or telling stories
Train end users on new tools, reports and dashboards
Qualified Candidates will have:
1-3 years’ experience in data analysis, modeling and/or visualization. Education may be substituted in lieu of work experience
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university in a quantitative field
Experience with Python & SQL required
Experience with Tableau, Bokeh or other data visualization tools is heavily preferred.
Ability to work with stakeholders to assess potential risks
Ability to translate business needs into non-technical, lay terms
Experience handling large data sets
Benefits include:
15 days of PTO
9 Paid Holidays
Medical/Dental/Vision
401K
If this sounds like the right opportunity for you, please apply with your resume today! We look forward to connecting.",2.9,"OpenSquare
2.9","Seattle, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
398,Data Analyst,"$45k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Primary responsibility
Market research-based data transformation of federal database in support of groundbreaking, patient-centric, clinical trials platform.
Contribute and refine processes governing transformation process.
Secondary tasks
Leverage public databases to identify market leads and create HubSpot lead entries;
Extract natural language descriptions to be used to strengthen Search Engine Optimization (SEO) for individual study entries;
Participate in workshops to analyze additional beachhead markets, user personas, and develop tactics for conversion;
Support clinical trials operations with transportation and scribing.
What to expect
Office environment performing web-based analysis.
Mix of individual analysis, collaborative strategy discussions, and ad-hoc tasking for quick turnaround projects.
Qualifications
Pursuing degree in business, marketing, data analytics
Introduction to the business of healthcare or similar coursework
Required skills and competencies
Intellectual curiosity and ability to think holistically
Computer/IT literacy [MS PowerPoint, Excel, Word]
Interpersonal skills, with strong written and oral communication skills
Accuracy and attention to detail
Excellent organizational skills
Strong work ethic
Preferred skills and competencies
Interest in intersection of business functions
Desire for start-up experience
Relationships
Reporting to Lead Data Analyst daily, with the opportunity to volunteer for additional experiences in marketing.",4.2,"Circuit Clinical
4.2","Buffalo, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
399,Data Analyst,"$35k-$63k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why Work Here?
Arkatechture began in 2012 with a passion for data, business, and getting things done. We are a team of data lovers and technical experts who use our skills to help businesses big and small harness, utilize, and optimize their data. At Arkatechture, we work hard and we play hard-we genuinely love what we do and that's what makes us different.

We take great pride in being New England's Data Resource. We've been based in Maine and New Hampshire since our founding and have no plans on leaving. We love being a part in our communities, and many of our team members are involved in local activities and organizations. We offer a competitive benefits package that includes health and life insurance, an annual bonus based on company performance and generous paid time off!

Note: Due to COVID-19, all Arkatechture employees are working remotely through July 2021

The Position
Arkatechture is seeking candidates for a Data Analyst position to support our BI platform, Arkalytics. Arkalytics is Arkatechture’s newest product. Candidates should be excited about helping develop the platform and client implementation processes.

As a Data Analyst, you are required to perform requirements gathering, data profiling and data mapping, and data visualization analysis. Data Analysis requires proficiency in interpreting data, trends, patterns in complex data sets, technical expertise with SQL conformance layers, databases, and reporting packages like Tableau or Business Objects. Ability to interpret and use artifacts like business requirement documents, system requirements documents, requirement traceability matrix, workflows, data mapping, etc. Should be able to work efficiently with the business and the technology teams collaborating with the project/program managers.

How to Apply
Please send a cover letter and resume with your application. If you do not currently live in the Portland, ME area please explain your relocation plans in your cover letter. You must submit all requested documents to be considered for the position.

Responsibilities
Requirement gathering for Data pipeline development
Develop Source to Target Mappings
Data Profiling, analyzing source system data and metadata and collecting requirements from the client about their business logic
Developing Views for Business Conformance layers
Develop data quality rules
Implementing data warehouses, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize business intelligence and analytical efficiency and quality
Building reference data for hierarchies, lookups and grouping purposes
Acquiring data from primary or secondary data sources and developing and maintaining Data Dictionaries
Testing using SQL and providing development sign off
Review SQL code and deliverables of junior Data analyst
Data visualization
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Documentation of processes and workflows
Additional responsibilities as assigned

Skills, Knowledge & Expertise
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in a relevant field or 2-4 years of experience in a similar role
Expert in SQL
Enthusiastic, learner and driven with a positive attitude
Strong critical and analytical thinking and problem solving skills
Experience working on any one Database such as Snowflake, SQLServer, Oracle, Aurora, PostgreSQL, Redshift, MySQL etc.
A strong understanding of Agile software development life cycle and methodology
Experience working on Data Management projects for Data-lakes/Data-warehousing
Preferred Experience
Understanding of cloud platforms such as AWS
Experience in working with financial institutions
About Arkatechture
At Arkatechture, we love data — we play with it and learn from it every day, and we want you to love your data, too.

We are a data consultation and services company specializing in data quality, visualization, and management, as well as customized enterprise-level solutions. We work with companies big and small to help solve their data challenges and reveal how they can leverage their data in brand new ways. Need to collect, clean, or visualize your data? We can help.",4.7,"Arkatechture
4.7","Portland, ME",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
400,Data Analyst,-1,"*Job Title: DW – BI Developer*

*Full-time *

*Remote work available*

*Comprehensive Benefits *

*Must be authorized to work in US for any employer*

*Requirements *

Acer America Corporation is seeking an experienced Microsoft Analyst to join our IT department. The successful candidate will be able to transform business requirements in order to add functionality to business tools utilized by multiple groups throughout Acer. The ideal candidate is a team player with good communication skills.

*Responsibility*

• Maintain data integrity and ongoing quality of delivered solutions

• Analyze, design and build solutions using Microsoft BI Stack (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS)

• Identify data quality issues and work with appropriate teams to resolve them.

• Create relational and dimensional models for BI related projects.

• Develop ETL routines using SSIS to populate a data warehouse.

• Support users on Power BI reporting

• Support ad hoc reporting as necessary.

*Qualification*

o At least 3 years’ experience as application developer/BI developer

o Experience in designing and developing BI application / Data integration

o Experience in Microsoft MSBI, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS for BI reporting

o Proficient in Power BI

o Good data Analysis and strong SQL Skill

o Crafting and executing queries upon request for data

o Presenting information through reports and visualization

o Ability to program in multiple programming languages, VB, C++, etc.

o In-depth knowledge of programming for diverse operating systems and platforms using development tools.

o Excellent understanding of software design and programming principles.

o A good team player with excellent communication skills

o Analytical thinking and problem-solving capability

o Quick learner

o Great attention to detail and time-management skills

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
* 401(k)
* 401(k) Matching
* Dental Insurance
* Disability Insurance
* Employee Assistance Program
* Employee Discount
* Flexible Spending Account
* Health Insurance
* Life Insurance
* Paid Time Off
* Referral Program
* Tuition Reimbursement
* Vision Insurance
Schedule:
* Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
* Bonus Pay

COVID-19 considerations:
Currently employees are working remote.",-1,Acer Service Corporation,"San Jose, CA",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
401,Data Analyst,-1,"Data Analyst

Overview:
Responsible for supporting the Senior Data Conversion Analysts in converting data from legacy operating systems to client's standards.
You will also report directly to the Director of Data Conversions.

Responsibilities:
Obtain data from source systems in various different formats. Must be able to format the data into a standard template, often using Microsoft Excel or Microsoft SQL.
Collaborate with the agency and/or Project leads to complete mapping of the data from source to destination.
Assist with the preparation and formatting of Carrier and Employee lists for discussions with the agency, finalize information for mappings, and configuration setup in the agency management system.
May be required to attend on-site events with the agency during specific points in the implementation process.
Validate data using various reports and conversion tools to determine any conversion issues or further cleanup as needed.
Facilitate data reviews to ensure on-time completion and data quality.
Become knowledgeable in the flow of information (data/documents/transactions/messages).
Track conversion issues to ensure these are reported, fixed and validated.
Collaborate with the development team on any tooling requirements for conversion projects.
Ensure various milestones are met in accordance with the project plan and timeline.

Required Skills:
Advanced Microsoft Excel skills including lookups and other formulas, pivot tables, fuzzy logic and VBA.
Strong analytical skills and creative problem-solving capabilities.
Self-motivated with the ability to drive tasks to completion without major oversight.
Ability to take on a variety of projects and adapt to changing business needs.
Professional presentation skills and strong interpersonal skills.
High attention to detail and ability to consider tasks from multiple angles to produce robust analyses.

Required Experience:
A Bachelor's degree or higher.
1-2 years' experience working with formatting data in Microsoft Excel.

Preferred Experience:
Insurance and/or brokerage experience.
Microsoft SQL Server experience.
Familiarity with agency operating systems.
Prior involvement with a large organization's system implementation.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Salary: $30.00 - $40.00 per hour

Experience:
Data Analyst: 5 years (Required)
EXCEL: 5 years (Required)
Insurance: 5 years (Required)
Data Conversion: 5 years (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",3.9,"Eclaro
3.9","Austin, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
402,Data Analyst,-1,"Overview: The Department of State (DOS) maintains a complex global IT infrastructure that
provides the platform to conduct diplomacy and advance U.S. national and
economic security interests. We are looking for a Data Analyst to join our team for a DOS program. Work locations are in Springfield VA and Washington DC.

Clearance Requirements: Must possess a Secret clearance, with eligibility for TS or TS/SCI.

Responsibilities:

Examines data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of providing security and privacy insight.
Designs and implements custom algorithms, workflow processes, and layouts for complex, enterprise-scale data sets used for modeling, data mining, and research purposes.
Privacy Impact Assessments
Qualifications:
Associates Degree or equivalent/applicable Computer Technology Certification
Two (2) years experience entering and verifying the accuracy of administrative data using database management systems.
Experience in using general organizational skills and the use of general office equipment.",5.0,"Cyber Defense Technologies
5.0","Springfield, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
403,Data Analyst,-1,"Who We Are

Bestow is a digital life insurance company built on full stack technology and AI. In a world in need of greater financial resilience and protection, Bestow democratizes access to smart financial products and powers some of the world’s leading consumer platforms. We are reimagining and rebuilding a 400-year-old, $7 trillion industry to create a brighter future for millions of families. And we’re just getting started.

The Bestow team is a diverse band of first principles thinkers on a mission to do good. We’re fortunate to be backed by leading investors and partners including Valar Ventures, NEA, 8VC and MunichRe.

Bestow is searching for a Data Analyst to join our fast-paced and growing data & analytics team. We are looking for someone who has experience with SQL/Python, business intelligence tools, KPI tracking, and using data to uncover actionable insights. In this role, you will be working alongside the data & analytics team to build a robust and comprehensive analytics practice to drive decision making within Bestow.

We are looking for someone who is proficient in SQL (and ideally Python) who can juggle multiple projects at once. Someone in this role will be expected to work with numerous departments within the organization, clearly communicate updates to business stakeholders, and collaborate with team members as well as handle individual work. If all of this is in your wheelhouse we would really like to hear from you!
Your Day to Day
Create reports and dashboards that clearly communicate the story behind the data to key business stakeholders
Conduct exploratory analysis with various datasets to uncover actionable insights to drive strategy and decision making; clearly communicate these findings with key stakeholders across the company
Monitor key KPIs across the company and build analysis to explain any deviations from expected thresholds
Increase BI tool adoption within the company: create training materials, lead training sessions, partner with all teams within organization to ensure they have the tools they need to be successful
Write SQL queries that clean, join, and extract data from our data warehouse to put together various types of analysis
Collaborate with data engineering team to obtain access to needed datasets and develop model for ideal data structure
Partner with data science team to build datasets and predictive models
Work closely with internal partners in underwriting, product, engineering, customer experience, finance, and other teams to ensure data integrity and consistency in reporting
A Little About You
3-5 years of relevant data and analytics experience
Exceptional quantitative skills and fluency with data and its interpretation and impact on business strategy
Strong communication skills and experience working with multiple team leads across a company
Intermediate to advanced proficiency in SQL (window functions, row number functions, CTEs, complex join logic, identifying and removing duplicates)
Familiarity with or exposure to Python
Experience working with relational databases
Exposure to or experience working with GCP products or any ETL tools/pipelines preferred
Experience with business intelligence tools (Tableau, Looker, Periscope, etc…)
Demonstrated experience communicating complex concepts with data
Great attention to detail and quality of work
Ability to handle competing priorities with shared deadlines
Bachelor’s Degree in relevant quantitative field or equivalent experience
What We Can Offer to You
Competitive salary
Stock options
Flexible schedule and work/life balance
100% company-paid health, dental, and vision insurance
Choose your computer setup (Mac or PC)
Office snacks and weekly team lunches
Team building events and activities
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Bestow does not sponsor applicants for work visas at this time.",4.5,"Bestow
4.5","Austin, TX",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
404,Data Analyst,"$66k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our Mission

Move people.

Our Values

We are independent. Creative. Gutsy. We aren’t afraid to dream big. We are accountable. To our customers. To our cities. To each other. We are humble. Human. Lighthearted. We take our work seriously, but not ourselves.

Mobility is the lifeblood of urban environments and cities need affordable, emissions-free transportation options that are free of delays. We believe that shared electric mopeds will become an integral part of transit networks, filling gaps not served by bike share, car share, scooter share, or public transit.

About the role

We’re looking for a data scientist who can quickly and easily learn their way around a variety of data structures and technology. With access to warehouses of real-time geospatial data as well as business operations data, this role will work with the rest of the Data Science team to develop both predictive and descriptive reporting, visualize data, and automate associated processes. You will report to the Senior Analyst, Data Science and Analytics.

Requirements

Technical
2-3 years experience working as a data scientist/data analyst
An applied understanding of machine learning and other modeling techniques
Experience working with large data sets - Geospatial Data experience is required
Strong knowledge of R, Python and SQL, particularly Postgres and PostGIS
Experience with data visualization tools
Familiarity with AWS services such as Kinesis, S3, EC2, RDS, and Redshift
Ability to quickly understand new technologies and data environments
Experience with a Unix-based operating system
Non-technical
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to summarize key findings into clear and actionable recommendations, and to interact with individuals at all levels.
Strong project management skills and ability to plan and prioritize work in a fast-paced environment.
Sense of urgency and an ability to multitask
Team player and willing to pick up extra responsibilities as required
You are enthusiastic, reliable, and hardworking
You take your work seriously but not yourself
Responsibilities
Understand business needs across multiple tiers (for example, executive, operations and logistics, business strategy, customer acquisition and retention)
Build deep knowledge of relevant internal and external data repositories
Translate data into meaningful and insightful information for business users via appropriate tools
Work collaboratively with operations, customer success, marketing, product, finance, and other departments to help answer questions and define KPIs
Prioritize and respond to ad hoc requests for information from the business and productionalize as necessary
Build and automate visualizations and reporting",3.7,"Revel
3.7","Brooklyn, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
405,Data Analyst,"$31k-$58k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Crowley Webb is looking for a data analyst who is dedicated and proactive, and has a marketing, statistics, or research background. The ideal candidate loves data analysis, research, and numbers – and ultimately thrives on telling the story behind the numbers. Certain responsibilities may vary based on a candidate’s qualifications, experience, and skillset.

At Crowley Webb, we believe that a mix of different experiences, backgrounds, and opinions makes for a healthier work environment and ultimately better work. For this reason, we actively seek to build a more diverse and inclusive employee base and do not discriminate due to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, disability, military leave or veteran status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do, however, only employ individuals who are currently eligible to work in the US and who do not require sponsorship for work visas.

Responsibilities
Compile, organize, manage, and analyze data from various sources, such as Google Analytics, proprietary databases, and survey research
Assist analytics team with daily and weekly client reports including website metrics trackers, and media and marketing campaign optimization analyses
Support ad-hoc analyses and reporting requests related to various data sources
Conduct and assist with primary quantitative research projects, which can include questionnaire design, survey programming, analysis, and reporting
Perform advanced statistics using data from survey results and internal databases and software such as Microsoft Excel, SPSS, and MarketSight
Identify significant differences, trends, and patterns in datasets to create interpretive reports that help make informed business decisions
Use predictive analytics techniques to make projections based on historical data
Qualifications
Master’s degree in business, statistics, math, social science, or marketing; doctoral degree is a plus
Between 3 and 5 years of experience in research, data analysis, or business analysis role
Experience with statistical data analysis and ability to translate technical findings into language that non-analysts can easily understand
Strong critical thinking skills, especially in analyzing and interpreting data
Superior attention to detail
Flexible work style, as demonstrated by the ability to work independently and as part of a team
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, including Excel, PowerPoint, and Word
Background in primary quantitative and/or qualitative research and methodology, statistical analysis experience with SPSS software, survey programming knowledge using Qualtrics, and ability to design and write macros in Excel are all pluses",3.5,"Crowley Webb
3.5","Buffalo, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
406,Data Analyst,-1,"Description:

***Note: This is a contingent opportunity***
SNA International seeks a bright, collaborative Data Analyst with a strong work ethic to join our team. SNA International’s team works together in pursuit of the same cause: build a safe and just world by empowering organizations in the use of forensics, biometrics, and identity intelligence.
Qualified candidates will utilize their statistical and analytical skills to conduct full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities, and design. Data analysts will develop analysis and reporting capabilities. They will also monitor performance documentation, and metrics to identify improvements.
The following list is representative of the types of activities and responsibilities anticipated to be performed, but are not limited to:
Responsibilities:
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques.
Develop and implement data analyses, data collection systems, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports.
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports.
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems.
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs.
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.
Support additional activities, functions, or duties, as required.
Minimum Education and Experience Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, or in another field with demonstrable coursework in these areas.
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst.
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (e.g. Business Objects), databases (e.g. SQL), programming (e.g. XML, JavaScript, or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (e.g. Excel, SPSS, SAS)
Possess strong written and verbal communication skills
Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Adobe Acrobat
Attention to detail and strong organizational skills
The ability to prioritize job responsibilities in a fast-paced environment while maintaining a focus on excellent customer service is a must.
This position is located in Quantico, Va.
Candidates must be US citizens and able to pass a background check, drug screening, and a polygraph (if required).

Please submit your resume and a cover letter that outlines why you should be considered for this position and position level. Applications without a cover letter will not be considered.

No phone calls

SNA International is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.",4.1,"SNA International
4.1","Quantico, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Contract,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
407,"Senior Social Analyst, Data","$38k-$63k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Ideal Candidate
You’re a self-starter powered by an entrepreneurial spirit. You’re energized by working across multiple brands as a dynamic team player. You thrive in ever-changing environments, learning from new experiences that deepen your expertise and craft. You’re a proud and vocal subject matter expert with the ability to confidently present your analysis and insights to clients. You’re willing to engage with and win the confidence of leadership across disciplines and confidently step-up to the challenges that comes with it. When necessary, you can operate autonomously to meet business demands but flourish in an environment of collaboration and learning where you dare to fail. You are relentlessly curious and avoid stagnation, while believing in the philosophy of divine discontent. You see yourself as a person with a sense of purpose and belief in culture & community. Being engaged and learning from others is part of your DNA – and you can’t wait to see all the elective lectures and industry insight conferences there are!

Manage the day-to-day delivery of client research and reporting projects, taking an active or leading part in client meetings and presentations.
Partner with strategy & media team in running numerous insights reports, i.e. Response analyses, cost analysis through live streaming automated dashboarding or built queries
Retrieve, collect, & clean raw research data and synthesize it into usable forms for strategy & media teams to utilize (raw data from social media channels and social listening tools, tying analysis and insights back to business results)
Analyze large, complex and often unstructured datasets to generate actionable insights.
Work closely with client account management teams across data-related client communications & confidently present findings to both internal teams and clients.
Use third-party and proprietary analytics tools to generate audience, content, brand and industry insight including ability to leverage all the above for social listening on key clients, competitors, and cultural topics.
Manage multiple client accounts and simultaneous asks by correctly prioritizing and deprioritizing work on scale & effectively communicating with larger team.
Work closely with integrated teams on measurement plans, goals and KPI’s, and create custom analyses to improve campaign performance.
Help maintain a performance platform and provide on-going recommendations around media optimization (reallocation of media dollars across different media partners, tactics etc.).
Ability to story tell using data, translating complex analytical work into easy to understand insights and recommendations for non-data related teams & leadership

Experience with social listening tools (such as Brandwatch, Crimson Hexagon, Netbase, Sysomos, Synthesio).
Knowledge of quantitative and qualitative research methodologies, with the ability to improvise and re-design based on client requirements.
Experience in analyzing large, potentially unstructured datasets, and expertise in deriving actionable and strategic insights from raw data
A strong knowledge of the marketing environment, social media, industry developments, and wider culturally-relevant issues.
Experience of global account and project management processes.
Advanced Excel, Powerpoint. & KeyNote are essential including macros, VBA scripts, & incorporating video / professional thematic in presentations.
Proven dashboarding skills & automation of live streaming data into weekly or monthly reports (such as Power BI, Tableau, Datarama, Google Data Studios, & SPSS)
1 - 2 years of experience with Big Data using Google BigQuery or AWS
1 – 2 years of development and coding (e.g. Python, R) or statistical modelling
An understanding of the digital media landscape, emerging trends, software and platforms.
Fluent in professional English and a thorough, descriptive writer. Knowledge of another language is a bonus.
2+ years of experience in a similar marketing analytics role",3.6,"Ogilvy
3.6","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
408,Data Analyst,"$40k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is a contract role in the public sector. It does offer working remotely until all workers' are back in the office during this health crisis then the position will be working in the office Monday - Friday. The role is scheduled to go for about 4 months or so. Primary responsibilities include data analysis, data collection, fiscal analysis, and data sharing.

Responsibilities:

Developing and running data quality assurance programs,

Communicating findings to team and adding new QA rules and standards to programming.

Data analysis for a variety of internal and external projects and stakeholders,

Developing report-ready presentations of data in graphic and tabular form

Data collection by accessing outside data sources, such as census data, GPS data, internal statistical reporting database and others and incorporating such data into analyses.

Identifying data quality issues related to survey instruments and making recommendations for improvements,

Maintaining and modifying survey instruments.

Collaborate with IT in their efforts to develop dashboards and reports for a variety of purposes

Managing and documenting source datasets for all dashboarding projects, which involves working with IT and other teams,

Creating datasets and documentation per specifications for agency-wide data sharing.

Skills and Experience:

Bachelor's Degree

Proficient in R or SAS, and advanced Excel (mandatory)

Proficient in Access, Qualtrics, PowerBI (desirable)

Experience with fiscal analysis

Four to six years experience managing large-scale data collection efforts",3.5,"TemPositions
3.5","Sacramento, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1962,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
409,Data Analyst,"$36k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Valid USA is a secure, make-it-happen partner. We are a global company with a market capitalization of more than $1 billion and 6,000 associates worldwide. Our job is to ensure every solution is seamless and secure - whether it’s for big data, payment cards, government issued identification, mobile financial services or highly targeted direct marketing campaign management. Our website is www.valid.com.

Valid is hiring a Data Analyst at our Downers Grove location. This individual will maintain and update data conversion scripts and layouts, and create new scripts for clients. The Data Conversion Analyst will deliver products according to a pre-defined schedule in a self-managed environment. Interfaces with IT, Manufacturing Engineering, Product Engineering, Service and Support and Sales

What will you do?
Use basic programming and logic skills to create, update, and maintain data layouts and conversion scripts for various clients (Python and FoxPro are the main programming languages used).
Receive data files from clients and then convert the data into scripts we can use with our production machinery.
Perform accurate and timely completion of reports and tasks related to data conversion.
Demonstrate knowledge about data’s role in the card personalization process. Understand how we get the data, how it is converted, and how it is used after conversion.
Meet the requirements and deadlines established for a given project.
Follow internal processes and procedures.
Investigate and resolve reported defects.
Work closely with other team members to coordinate assignments and communicate status.
Actively participate in departmental and project design meetings. Effectively communicate project status with direct supervisor and functional project owner. Meet the desired due date for all assigned projects
Work to understand clients' needs and analyze user requirements.
Perform related responsibilities and duties as required.
What are we looking for?
Associate's degree in Information Technology or related field and a minimum of 3 years experience in a similar position.
Demonstrated programming experience in Python and/or FoxPro.
Experience in the plastic card manufacturing and packaging industry is a big plus.
A team player with strong problem solving and organizational skills.
Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills; the ability to effectively communicate with all levels of employees and a service orientation.
Intermediate to advanced skills in Microsoft Word and Excel.
What we offer:
Benefits are effective on the 1st of the month following 30 days of employment and include a choice of 4 medical plan options under the Blue Cross Blue Shield, Dental, Vision, Disability and Life Insurance, 401(K), 2 weeks of vacation and 6 additional days of paid time off and paid holidays",3.5,"Valid USA
3.5","Downers Grove, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1957,Company - Public,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
410,Data Analyst,-1,"Overview:
Based in Northern, VA, Axiologic Solutions LLC has opportunities for you to become part of our high-quality team that delivers innovative solutions to key Federal clients.

Position is contingent based on awarded contract.

Responsibilities: Data Analysts use technology to mine complex, voluminous, and different varieties of data from various sources and platforms in order to collect, analyze, and compile data to meet customer needs. Data Analysts will perform the following duties:

Identify new sources of data and methods to improve data collection, analysis, and reporting
Collect customer requirements
Determine technical issues
Design algorithms and data manipulation capabilities using R, Python, C++, JavaScript, Go, and other known programming languages.
Build data solutions, tools, and capabilities to enable self-service frameworks for data consumers to monitor and report on data.
Improve the quality of data use and usability by driving an understanding and adherence to the principles of data quality management including metadata, lineage, and business definitions
Work collaboratively with Intelligence and Data analysis teams to produce qualitative and quantitative data that support Intelligence products.
Qualifications:

Possess a minimum of a bachelor's degree in a computer science discipline.
Experience providing services similar in required tasks, scope, and complexity.
Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.

Applicants with a physical or mental disability, who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, may e-mail their request to Jennifer.chavira@axiologicsolutions.com, call 571-758-3780, or visit our office at 8280 Willow Oaks Corp. Dr. Suite 450, Fairfax Virginia for assistance. Determinations on request for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.",4.5,"Axiologic Solutions
4.5",Colorado,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
411,Data Analyst,-1,"Growing Insurance Software Company Seeks a Talented Business Analyst / Financial Analyst!

This Jobot Job is hosted by: Reed Kellick
Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the ""Apply Now"" button and sending us your resume.
Salary: $70,000 - $80,000

A bit about us:

Based in Philadelphia, we have built a cloud-based software platform for the insurance industry that is changing up the space. We have been around for about 10 years now, but we are still a small, agile team. We are currently looking to hire a FP&A Analyst / Accounting Analyst for our Philly location!

Why join us?
Competitive Base Salary Between $70k and $80k!
401k!
Bonuses!
Paid For Trips to California Twice a Year for Company Events!


Job Details

As a Software Analyst / Data Warehouse Analyst on our team, we are looking for:

Strong Excel background -- pivot tables, macros, etc.
Experience with XML / XSLT / JSON would be ideal
An accounting, finance, business intelligence, business analysis, or data analysis background
Good client-facing ability and willingness to interact with customers
Ability to communicate with engineers
APIs / Web Services experience would be preferred


Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the ""Apply Now"" button.",5.0,"Jobot
5.0","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
412,Data Analyst,"$52k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst (Internal Systems)
Location - Houston, TX
Type - Regular, full time
Pay Rate - Commensurate with experience
Travel - Periodic local and overnight travel
About cPanel

With over two decades of growth and experience under our belts, cPanel knows our industry, and we’re looking for more people who are spirited, intelligent, friendly, and innovative to help us create more amazing things. We are a tight-knit team that constantly encourages and challenges each other, and above all of that, we sincerely believe in the value of the work that we do.

Because cPanel management cares deeply about helping our employees thrive we offer:
A workplace committed to the cPanel's core values of Integrity, Respect, Collaboration, and Follow-Through
Robust development teams that are practicing Agile Scrum and have everything you need to take a project from start to finish: Product Owners, Scrum Masters, Developers, QA, and Documentation writers all working with the same end goal.
A mid-sized company where your success will have a real impact on the company’s success
Free catered onsite lunch every day, snacks, a gym, a flexible work schedule, and all the caffeine you can handle.
A dog-friendly office
Investments in our people by providing professional training, lunch and learns, conferences, and college reimbursement
1st-class work environment utilizing a pod concept: each team has a centralized collaboration area surrounded by a private office for each team member.
Fantastic coworkers who are passionate about creating great software.
An open-door policy to come by and talk about professional topics or just chit chat while you work through an issue.
About the role:

The Data Scientist is innovative, experienced, and highly trained; passionate about moving our company to the next level of being data-driven and advancing our purpose. The Data Scientist will drive internal data analytics projects serving all areas of the company.

The Mission (what you'll be responsible for): The Tools (what knowledge, skills, abilities, and experiences we're looking for)
Utilize reporting/analytics to assist teams in building alternative business models and projections
Identify trends and correlation between business actions and business performance on different customer segments
Understand business context, identify critical business problems, and translate them into actionable information for stakeholders.
Provide customer insights to drive changes across Marketing, Product and various teams and ultimately to improve customer value and key business metrics
Identify business opportunities, conduct financial/ROI assessment and develop projection metrics for sales and opportunities
Work with Marketing research and UX team to understand customer segments and their needs, profile our customer base and monitor the base composition change
Analyze fraud data and make recommendations that decreases fraud/abuse
Create & maintain dashboards with a variety of internal/external data sources
Adhere to the policies and procedures of the company
Exemplify the Core Values of Integrity, Respect, Collaboration and Follow-through
Eligibility Requirements
Advanced knowledge of SQL syntax and usage
Advanced knowledge of relational database design
Strong knowledge of visualization tools, preferably Tableau
Familiarity with web development technologies including JavaScript, Ajax, and jQuery
Familiarity with Linux and underlying components
Experience with Perl a plus
Education/Experience - Bachelor of Science in Computer Science required or equivalent experience
Four plus years of experience working with SQL and Relational Databases
Two plus years of experience working with data visualization tools
Two plus years experience in relevant business domains, including business intelligence tools, techniques and technology or experience in analytics, business analysis or comparable analytics solutions
In return for all the above, we offer the following:
Competitive Salary
Full Health, Vision, and Dental coverage
Flexible Spending Account
Free on-site lunch
Paid Vacation
Tuition Reimbursement
Casual Working Environment
401K Matching
EEO Statement
At our company, we take great pride in our diverse and talented workforce. We recognize that our continued success as a company depends largely on the collective strengths of our employees.

cPanel provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, childbirth, physical disability, mental disability, age, military status or status as a Vietnam-era or special disabled veteran, marital status, registered domestic partner or civil union status, gender (including sex stereotyping and gender identity or expression), medical condition (including, but not limited to, cancer-related or HIV/AIDS-related) or sexual orientation in accordance with applicable federal, state and local law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to hiring, placement, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Privacy is taken seriously at cPanel, Inc. Information submitted is kept internally and not shared with third parties.

If this description fits you, apply below. It's relatively easy and painless.",3.9,"cPanel
3.9","Houston, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
413,Data Analyst,"$53k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Data Analyst in the CACI Data Analytics lab is responsible for providing senior-level support for data analytics projects surrounding investigations or litigation. This includes managing projects on various cases from initiation to closure, developing deliverables and serving as a primary point-of-contact for Attorneys and Case teams. Senior Data Analysts gather a wide variety of data types from primary and secondary sources through diverse channels using a combination of methods that will be researched and employed by the Data Analytics Lab Management team. Senior Data Analysts develop, maintain, and enforce streamlined and efficient processes for project lifecycles, from collection through transformation of data; manage timelines, training, resources, and budgets through the finalization of client deliverables. Manage the collection, documentation, vetting and onboarding of data, manage the database development and set up, and oversee the population of data into the appropriate analytical tools. Must have the ability to guide and assist other data analysts as required.

The senior data analyst is responsible for defining, developing, and communicating data analytics solutions to support the customer. This includes:

• Corresponding with key case personnel to elicit requirements and provide regular status updates,
• Performing data analysis and modeling to understand and identify data relationships/trends/classifications/predictions
• Enriching data using open source or online investigation tools (e.g. CLEAR, FINCEN, Lexis-Nexis, etc.)
• Proposing reporting solutions that best present the information to the end user
• Delivering the completed solution.

This position requires strong analytical, problem solving, and communication skills with a keen attention to detail. Additionally, the problems and toolset are quite varied, and the candidate should take the initiative to attack new challenges and learn new skills independently. This person must be well organized and flexible. We desire someone with the diverse experience and skills in data analysis, analytic programming languages (Python, R, Java, SAS), litigation support, statistical software, link analysis, visualization software, and database management.

Requirements:

• Minimum of 5 years of experience performing using the tasks outlined in the job description utilizing one or more of the following tools: Tableau, Python, R, SAS, Palantir, Foundry
• Experience with analysis stemming from multiple Databases: SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL
• Experience working with the SAS VIYA statistical software suite strongly preferred
• Programming and/or scripting (Python, R, Java)
• Background in Data Science, Investigations, Data Analysis, Computer Information Systems, or Statistics
• Industry analytics/business intelligence knowledge including current industry trends, challenges, and data quality approaches
• Deep understanding of database, ETL, and analytics tools and concepts
• Must be able to work independently and prioritize work effectively, as well as to function as an effective team member in a local and virtual team development environment
• Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with an unsurpassed attention to detail
• Excellent communication (written and verbal) skills
• Experience supporting federal agencies

What you can expect from us:

• Real opportunity for career growth in an environment where your achievements will be celebrated
• Constant collaboration with numerous teams to ensure client success
• A team that respects and embraces your ideas and expertise
• Coworkers that are motivated by pursuing excellence, rather than the prospect of personal gain
• A workplace dedicated to supporting and bettering public safety and government agencies

Benefits:

• Very competitive salary based on qualifications and experience
• Comprehensive, Company paid United Health Care Medical for you and your family (We pay your premiums and deductibles)
• 401(k) & 4% matching
• Travel & performance incentives
• 3 weeks paid time off (plus Federal Holidays)
• $5K annual training allowance
• $500 book allowance
• Tuition reimbursement program

Praescient Analytics is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all. Employees and applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity, national origin, legally protected physical or mental disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or status in the uniformed services of the United States, status as a disabled veteran or veteran of the Vietnam era, or on any other basis which is protected under applicable law. This includes a commitment to provide a work environment that is free from all forms of illegal harassment including sexual harassment.

This covers all terms and conditions of employment including (but not limited to):

• Hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, or demotion of all job classifications;
• Recruiting, advertising or solicitation for employment;
• Treatment during employment;
• Rates of pay or other forms of compensation;
• Benefits;
• Selection for training;
• Company sponsored social and recreational activities; and
• Layoff or termination

Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
US Citizenship Required
Praescient Analytics is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Interested Candidates: Please forward your resume to recruiting@praescientanalytics.com and please visit our website to apply online at www.praescientanalytics.applicantstack.com/x/openings.",3.2,"Praescient Analytics
3.2","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
414,Data Analyst,"$55k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: Data Analyst

Agency: New York City Employees’ Retirement System’s (NYCERS).

Project Name:Information Technology (IT) Division.

Duration: 3 Years

Project Description:

NYCERS seeks one (1) Data Analyst with ETL Expertise to work with the Information Technology (IT) Division for a period up to 36 months. NYCERS reserves the right to hire the candidate(s) as an employee, at no additional cost, after a period of six (6) months. The Data Analyst will primarily be responsible for detailed field level analysis, profiling and mapping of the current IBM z/VSE Mainframe VSAM files loaded into SQL tables.

Mandatory Skills:
Candidates must meet all the requirements below to be considered for this position.
Minimum of five (5) years of source-to-target data mapping experience in a mixed Mainframe, relational database and object storage environments.
Experience creating and/or maintaining ETL applications.
Experience migrating mainframe VSAM files to relational and/or dimensional SQL databases.
Experience working in multiple development environments/systems: IBM Mainframe, Windows Server, UNIX and SQL Server.
Strong SQL knowledge working with complex queries and stored procedures.
Proficiency in mainframe applications encompassing COBOL, VSAM and DB2.
Experience creating data dictionary documentation and data definitions/domains.
Excellent interpersonal, communication, presentation, writing, analytical, problem solving, and information gathering skills along with fundamental technique troubleshooting abilities.
Strong analytical skills demonstrated by the ability to receive and analyze requirements and propose a suitable solution that adheres to the team’s methodology.
Preferred Experience:
Experience with Data Quality/Profiling tools.
Experience extracting business rules from the existing legacy code.
Experience with Data Warehouses and/or Data Marts.
If this isn’t the role for you, perhaps you have a friend or colleague that would be a fit. I would appreciate your help forwarding this to people in your extended network that may be interested in exploring the opportunity.

I look forward to hearing from you soon.

--

Regards,

Asim Ghafar

Technical Recruiter.

ZDAAS

1107 North Point Blvd, Ste 228

Baltimore, MD 21224

Office: 443-836-4932 X 1004

Cell: 239-666-8767

hr3@zd-techsolutions.com",4.4,"ZDAAS
4.4","Brooklyn, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
415,Alternative Data Analyst at a Global FinTech Firm,-1,"ALTERNATIVE DATA ANALYST - SALARY DOE - GLOBAL FINTECH FIRM*
Base Salary is Open and Flexible (based upon experience and candidate)

100% Paid Excellent Benefits; 4-weeks of Vacation; and Bonus

Solidly-established, Global FinTech Firm is looking for an experienced professional to join its growing organization as an *Alternative Data Analyst*.

In this role, he/she will partner with the firm’s *_Fundamental Equities Group_*, in addition to other areas of the organization, to understand and deliver on their specific alternative data needs. This may involve attending data and technology conferences with the goal of understanding and alerting business units about changes in the alternative data landscape. You will be responsible for learning vendor capabilities, establishing and maintaining vendor relationships, and interfacing with our Contract Review Team and Legal and Compliance Department on relevant topics.
QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS*
Bachelor’s degree required
Two to Five (2-5) years of experience in financial services (with a focus on alternative data) or a related field
Proven record of professional achievement
Excellent project management and communication skills
Keen attention to detail and sound judgment
Demonstrated desire to understand business needs, creatively think through how to address them in a data-driven way, and build productive working relationships with internal and external collaborators are essential
If interested, include *ALTDATA* in the subject line and send an *MS Word Format* resume.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
Two to Five yrs of relevant exp in Financial Svcs: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Application Question:
Two to Five (2-5) yrs of experience in Financial Svcs with Focus on Alternative Data or Related Field
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.2,"Access Staffing LLC
3.2","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
416,Master Data Analyst,-1,"Jr. Master Data Analyst*
_Brentwood, TN_

This entry level Master Data Analyst will be responsible for entry level Master Data Management tasks; specifically working with vendors to gather important information and input it into systems so their SKU data can be maintained. They will be trained on operational work flows within MDM document processing, data entry, and partnering with operational areas to answer MDM related questions.
Must Haves: *
1+yrs professional experience working in excel
Intermediate/advanced excel skills (v-look ups, pivot tables, etc)
Strong written and verbal communication
Ability to Solve practical problems
Reporting and analytical mindset
Self motivated/willing to learn/well organized
Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $15.00 - $18.00 per hour

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Master Data Management: 1 year (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Contract Length:
5 - 6 months
7 - 11 months
Full Time Opportunity:
Yes
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.7,"Calculated Hire
4.7","Brentwood, TN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
417,Data Analyst,"$36k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ICF is seeking an experienced Data Analyst to analyze and define data requirements and specifications to ensure information systems reliability and accessibility to prevent and defend against unauthorized access to systems, networks, and data in support of a large scale DoD Navy contract in Mechanicsburg, PA.



Duties & Responsibilities:
Designing, normalizing, developing, installing, and implementing databases
Maintaining, monitoring, performance tuning, backup, and recovery of databases
Installing, configuring, and maintaining database management systems software
Analyzing and planning for anticipated changes in data capacity requirements
Developing and administering data standards, policies, and procedures
Developing and implementing data mining and data warehousing programs
Evaluating and providing recommendations on new database technologies and architectures
Ensuring the rigorous application of information security/ information assurance policies, principles, and practices in the delivery of data management services
Basic Qualifications:
5+ years relevant IT experience supporting a DOD program
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
Security clearance required - DOD preferred
Advanced knowledge of network and systems technologies and security protocols
DOD 8570 Compliance, or the ability to quickly obtain and maintain active security certifications
Strong initiative and a personal interest in Information Technology Security
People skills and the ability to communicate effectively with various clients with the ability to explain and elaborate on technical details
Professional Skills:
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills
Working at ICF

Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.

ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). For more information, please read our EEO & AA policy.

Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement.

Pennsylvania Client Office (PA88)",3.4,"ICF
3.4","Harrisburg, PA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
418,Data Analyst,"$41k-$77k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary
The Data Analyst Mid-Level supports gathering business intelligence insights in support of the federal budget cycle: formulation, presentation, and execution as well as performance data and strategic planning elements managed by the Office of Planning and Performance.

Essential Functions
• Supports the agile analysis of data-based solutions to evolving business intelligence questions and strategic insight requirements, including data.
• Work with both pre-aggregated and relational record level data to generate insight through data mining and statistical analysis.
• Organizing, cleaning, transforming, integrating, and other data manipulations necessary to generate insight from a vast array of disparate, unconnected, and complex data sets from current and legacy systems.
• Proactively identifies avenues for investigation by maintaining situational awareness of current and upcoming BP efforts.
• Advises on the viability, reliability, and intellectual integrity of analytical solutions by blending scope requirements with knowledge of the lifecycle of high-value data and the supporting systems and processes.
• Provide capacity building through training and mentoring of budget and performance analysts interested in expanding their data analytic skills.
• Develop or enhance proficiency in additional analytical skills, languages, techniques and tools as necessary to address evolving product requirements

Required Skills
• Bachelor’s [Master’s preferred] in a related social science field that involved applied or other quantitative analysis as demonstrated by coursework or technical degree in computer science, machine learning, or related field applying programmatic techniques to data analysis for policy making.
• Three years of recent experience in a related environment [policy/program/data/business analysis]
• At least two years of relevant experience or substantive coursework using common data analytic tools and visualization software. Experience in using one or more of the following is preferred: R, VBA in Excel, Tableau, and PowerBI.

Desired Skills
• Previous experience supporting Department of State (DoS) desired
• Previous experience working with senior level staff with DoS or similar upper level DoD or Service HQ Staff Support Operations a plus.

Security Clearance
• Active DoD clearance; possess and maintain a SECRET security clearance.

NOTE: These statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work involved for this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of this job.

The ALL NATIVE GROUP companies offer a rewarding career experience. In addition to dynamic career opportunities, we provide competitive salaries, excellent benefits, retirement funding, as well as ongoing training and professional development.
We are committed to providing the best possible climate for maximum development and goal achievement for all our employees. As subsidiaries of a Native-owned corporation with offices around the world, ALL NATIVE GROUP companies are proud to promote an inclusive and diverse workplace and respect the cultural traditions in the communities where we operate.
The ALL NATIVE GROUP companies are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants are considered without regard to age, sex, race, national origin, religion, marital status or physical disability. However, preference may be extended to persons of Indian descent in accordance with applicable laws.

EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Drug Free Employer
SBA 8(a), SDB Certified, HubZone, Buy Indian Certified Native American Tribally-owned company

#LI-FF1",2.7,"Ho-Chunk
2.7","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Convenience Stores & Truck Stops,"Restaurants, Bars & Food Services",$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
419,Data Analyst,-1,"BluePath Labs is a fast-growing research and management consulting company focused onsolving challenging problems for government and private sector clients. BluePath is looking for Data Analysts to support the Department of Energy Office of Fossil Energy (FE). This is an exciting and fast paced opportunity to have a positive impact with the Department of Energy.

Education/Experience:
A minimum of three (3) years of experience that is directly relevant
A BS or BA degree (or an additional six (6) years of relevant experience in lieu of a degree).
Knowledge of Federal, DOE, and the Office of Fossil Energy is desirable
Role Responsibilities:

Examples of tasks to be performed under this position include:
Human Capital Support
Budget Formation and Execution
Regulatory Processing
Federal Employee Workforce Engagement
Communications Support
Continuity of Operations Support
Subject matter expertise in the functional areas of the Office of Fossil Energy and its programs may be needed during the life of the contract

About BluePath

BluePath Labs combines mission and business insights with advanced technologies to deliver measurable performance improvements for our clients. BluePath is dedicated to surpassing client expectations by always living by our core values of integrity, professionalism, and resilience.BluePath's extensive experience in Government, Military, Commercial, and Academic environments is unique among small businesses and a core differentiator of our solutions. Our multidisciplinary background allows us to solve diverse and complex problems. Most importantly, we work closely with our clients to frame problems correctly, optimize processes, leverage technologies, and implement enduring solutions. Labs are where ideas are born, experiments occur, and breakthroughs happen. It is the hallmark of BluePath's culture.

https://www.bluepathlabs.com/

BluePath is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",5.0,"BluePath Labs
5.0","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
420,Data Analyst,-1,"Essential Functions
Analyzes and interprets information for one or more initiative work streams to improve business efficiency by using various analytical methodologies; developing creative solutions within business areas that reduce cost and/or meet business goals; using judgment to assign what activities must be done; and ensuring data accuracy.
Develops and directs one or more work streams of a cross-functional project to achieve desired results by ensuring understanding of scope of work; organizing timelines and deliverables; facilitating meetings involving project teams to analyze, plan, and implement project initiatives; taking corrective action; and reporting results and deliverables to supervisors and stakeholders.
Collaborates cross-functionally on assignments with internal and external stakeholders to understand the results of data analyses and research by communicating results and findings.
Develops tools that support decision making and business cases by summarizing needed information; determining what information must be reported; ensuring customer needs are met; and analyzing an initiative's impact to the business.
Assumes duties of Project Manager III, Innovation in the absence of the Project Manager III, Innovation by attending meetings.
Requirements
Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Art and 1 years’ data analytics experience OR 2 years’ data analytics experience.
1 years' experience leading projects in engineering, strategy, or innovations fields.
1 years’ experience in retail.
1 years’ experience in engineering, information systems, distribution, logistics, replenishment, human resources, store operations, supply chain, transportation division, or customer service area.
1 year leading projects in engineering, strategy, or innovations field.",4.6,"Ntelicor
4.6","Bentonville, AR",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
421,Data Analyst,"$44k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst

University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title
Data Analyst

Job Profile Title
Data Analyst D

Job Description Summary
Data Analyst D
The data analyst will partner with the Faculty of the Penn Dermatology Oncology Center (PennDOC) and the Skin Biology and Disease Resource Based Center (SBDRC) to design, conduct, and publish research that improves the lives of patients with skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will enjoy a collegial relationship with a dynamic group of surgeons, clinicians, and basic scientists dedicated to conducting practical research about skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will also collaborate with clinical research coordinators in the Department of Dermatology and work with collaborating investigators from other specialties and outside institutions to ensure compliance with regulatory research requirements.
Applicants must have a strong background in creating and analyzing databases; knowledge in basic statistics; basic knowledge in regulatory requirements of the Institutional Review Board; excellent oral and written communication skills to work with a team and to draft research proposals and manuscripts; and organizational skills to prepare agendas and material for regular research team meetings.
The data analyst will receive mentorship from and report to the Director of Research Operations for the Department of Dermatology. The data analyst will have regular guidance from Faculty mentors, including Principle Investigators and Subject Matter Experts.

Job Description

With general direction, performs data analysis and assists with design of complex data models based upon business or research requirements. Often as part of a team, identifies and resolves required information flows and content issues, and transforms requirements into data designs and models. May perform analyses, development and evaluation on large databases and large complex installations. May provide reporting and decision support systems consultation. May provide data analysis expertise to one or more project or support teams. May work with vendor delivered solutions

Position contingent on funding.

Responsibilities
Develops and analyzes databases as indicated for research projects including clinical trials, observational, retrospective, and prospective studies. Maintains and enhances the existing database for Mohs micrographic surgery at Penn. Collects and organizes data from patient charts and existing databases (e.g. SEER, Optum). Develop and implement quality control plans to ensure data integrity and compliance.
Performs descriptive and inferential statistics, including regression analyses, and sample size calculations. Analyses may also include simple data descriptions (e.g., prevalence and incidence of outcomes), correlations, regression modeling (e.g., linear, logistic, cox proportional hazard models, mixed effects models, latent class analysis). Uses statistical programming language, such as SAS, STATA, R, or other programing language for analysis and collaborates with biostatistical experts when appropriate. Ability to use data visualization techniques in Tableau, Power BI, Excel, or with a programming language (e.g., R or Python. The analyst may need to learn additional statistical or bioinformatics (e.g., multi-omic data analysis) techniques for existing and/or future projects.
Drafting and submission of research grant proposals and manuscripts:
Partners with Faculty to complete research grant proposals and manuscripts. Common contributions from the data analyst include: preparing tables to summarize data and figures to illustrate statistics; drafting relevant portions of research proposals and manuscripts; submitting manuscripts and proposals; and managing correspondence with authors, journal editors, and reviewers.
Mentoring pre-doctoral research fellows and organizing research meetings:
Mentors pre-doctoral student researchers in study design and basic statistical analysis. Works with faculty mentors and Principle Investigators, including Director of PennDOC and PI/co-PI of the SBDRC to organize the agenda and materials for research group meetings.
Perform additional duties as assigned
Duties

The data analyst will partner with the Faculty of the Penn Dermatology Oncology Center and the Skin Biology and Disease Resource Based Center to design, conduct, and publish research that improves the lives of patients with skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will enjoy a collegial relationship with a dynamic group of surgeons, clinicians, and researchers dedicated to practical research about skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will also collaborate with clinical research coordinators in the Department of Dermatology and interface with collaborating investigators and biostatisticians from other specialties and outside institutions.

The data analyst will create and analyze databases; apply basic statistics to data; design data tables and figures; assist with manuscript and grant proposal drafting; ensure compliance with research regulations; and prepare materials for regular research team meetings.

Qualifications

Required:

3-5 years experience. 1-2 years of prior experience in clinical research or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Bachelor's Degree or higher educational attainment in biostatistics, biomedical informatics, public health, or related field that ensures a fundamental understanding of research design considerations. Master's Degree preferred.
Basic knowledge of regulatory requirements and how to appropriately fulfill them, including Institutional Review Board submissions.
Ability to perform descriptive and basic inferential statistics, including regression analyses, and sample size calculations.
Proficiency with basic computer programming skills, including basic Microsoft Office applications, e.g. Access, Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Experience using a statistical programming language, such as SAS, STATA, R, or other programming language.
Working knowledge of relational database design, query, and reporting.
Excellent interpersonal and communication (written and verbal) skills
Ability to work both independently and with a team as well as the ability to manage up.
Strong organizational and documentation skills.
Preferred

Ability to import/export data into or from various formats into standard statistical software.
Experience in verifying, documenting, and cleaning large data files.
Experience with large administrative or claims datasets (e.g Medicare, SEER, NCDB, etc)
Familiarity with data standards and coding conventions.
Experience managing multiple projects effectively and meeting deadlines.
Experience with data visualization techniques in Tableau, Power BI, Excel, or with a programming language (e.g., R or Python).
Experience with mySQL or SQL

Working Conditions
Office, Library, Computer Room

Physical Effort
Typically sitting at desk or table

Contingent upon funding

Job Location - City, State
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School
Perelman School of Medicine

Pay Range
$59,703.00 - $168,837.00

Affirmative Action Statement
Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements
Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.",4.3,"University of Pennsylvania
4.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1740,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
422,Data Analyst (Full time),"$45k-$77k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description*
The Data Analyst will provide principals and school leadership teams with student and staff performance data, along with the tools and skills needed to use this data to effect improvements in teaching and learning. The Data Analyst will be held accountable for analysis, critical review, and reporting of findings across multiple stakeholder groups. The Data Analyst will work closely with the Data Services Department to satisfy state and federal compliance requirements. The Data Analyst will work collaboratively across departments and schools to develop systems and protocols, monitor and analyze data, and increase the accuracy of data systems. The Data Analyst will collaborate closely with the Director of Technology and the Manager of Data Services to ensure seamless integration of data systems.
This is a full time position, 35 hrs per week.
This position will be remote or partially remote until it is deemed necessary and safe to return to work in person.
Responsibilities*
Data Monitoring and Analysis*
Audit, analyze, and produce data reports related to student assessment, standardized testing, student behavior, DESE Accountability system, and others as assigned
Work with departments to coordinate, analyze and report critical school achievement data
Help schools improve their data practice by meeting with individuals and teams to share resources and strategies for analyzing and acting on data
Responsible for data accuracy, performing regular audits, and working with stakeholders to ensure accuracy of data across systems
Data Leadership*
Member of Data Integrity Team aimed at increasing the accuracy and efficacy of data use
Support school and district leaders to reflect, analyze and act on data
Develop protocols, processes, and routines for data analysis at the school level
Develop reports and presentations to communicate about data and school turnaround efforts
Identify key questions from the data to drive school turnaround work
Provides a high level of support to HPS staff by responding to data requests in a timely manner
Data Management and Systems Alignment: *
Analyze, interpret, and prepare data reports required or requested by federal and state entities as well as district departments
Collaborates with the Manager of Data Services around state data submissions for SIMS, SCS, EPIMS, and SSDR, as well as preparing other large data submissions
Acts as a liaison between the district and any state or regional databases and/or warehouses
Provide support for Holyoke Student Information System (School Brains) and district evaluation tool (TeachPoint)
Collaborate with and support school-based office staff to ensure timely and accurate data entry
Identify and report gaps in data collection methodologies prior to the internal and external release of compiled data and work collectively with user departments to implement process improvements to fill identified gaps
Educational & Job Experience Requirements: *
Bachelor’s Degree or Associate’s Degree supplemented by a minimum of three (3) years of previous experience in a related field.
Sophisticated skills in a range of technology tools and software including but not limited to Microsoft Office applications, SPSS and Google docs. Advanced knowledge of Excel required
Experience with state data reporting in regards to SIMS, EPIMS, SCS, and SIF preferred
Experience with School Brains or other Student Information System preferred
Service-oriented: Willingness to support colleagues, schools, and district leaders. Contributes to the district-wide vision for turnaround
Demonstrates exceptional critical thinking, organizational, data analysis, written, verbal and oral skills
Ability to translate complex data sets into easy-to-understand reports and presentations for broad audiences
Self-motivation and willingness to learn: respond to challenges or uncertainties with resourcefulness, creativity, hard work, and resiliency. Willingness to learn new systems and tools for assessing learning
Flexible and comfortable working on a variety of assignments at a given time; able to balance competing priorities and deadlines in a fast-paced environment
Commitment to HPS values and unwavering belief that all students can excel
In order to be considered, you must apply directly to our employment site: https://holyoke.tedk12.com/hire/index.aspx

Location: 57 Suffolk St, Holyoke, MA 01040, USA

Job Type: Full-time",2.8,"Holyoke Public Schools
2.8","Holyoke, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1850,School / School District,Preschool & Child Care,Education,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
423,Data Analyst,"$38k-$68k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary

The Data Analyst is responsible for coordinating data collection from internal sources and applications; data entry; designing methods to display data for review, analysis, and presentation for business operations, quality and process improvement initiatives.

Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Data Analytics or similar
1-3 years of directly related experience
Strong analytical skills
Strong communication skills
Working knowledge of database management and MS Word, Excel & Access are required.
Familiarity of healthcare systems & terminology preferred.
Major Responsibilities
Access, provide data and analyze data from various sources to support quality, performance improvement, operations and risk-based initiatives. Created meaningful knowledge by performing trend analysis and other statistics.
Present insight with supporting data to senior leadership and project teams in a concise manner.
Clearly document and present data, risks, assumptions and definitions.
Collaborates with teammates, project leaders and others to perform and document scope analysis to understand and communicate the data needed and the output being delivered time frames and prioritizations for projects.
Actively participate in the Performance Improvement team in exploring news concepts, learning, and supporting the work of the team to meet the priorities of the organization.
Creates reports using existing data elements, applications and other sources to supply data to leadership and other designated staff as requested.
Identifies and communicates issue as early as possible and work with teammates and leadership to resolve issues.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Apply Now!",4.0,"Exeter Health Resources
4.0","Exeter, NH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1896,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
424,Data Analyst,"$103k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Zipongo sits at the forefront of how we eat, made exponentially more important during the ongoing pandemic -- we all need help with eating well, getting groceries or restaurant meals delivered, cooking with family, or supporting elderly family members' eating. Zipongo serves the broader community closely partnered with leading health plans and Fortune 100 companies, and we take a data-based approach and strategy to everything we do. We are constantly evolving our strategy, platform, and how we support our clients with data, and we are looking for a Strategic Data Lead that can help us scale our efforts.
capacity to use technical tools/language and systems to systematically clean data
capacity to create clean ontologies of data and update as needed
capacity to create self-sustaining/updating data feeds
capacity to ask intelligent questions of the data and identify data opportunities
capacity to understand business/customer needs and evolve data ontology and data processes (with help of devs) to reinforce needs
capacity to create dynamic reports via lookr or other tools that serve baseline and higher level info/insights purposes",4.0,"Zipongo
4.0","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
425,Data Analyst,"$48k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ABOUT FANDUEL GROUP

FanDuel Group is a world-class team of brands and products all built with one goal in mind — to give fans new and innovative ways to interact with their favorite games, sports, teams, and leagues. That's no easy task, which is why we're so dedicated to building a winning team. And make no mistake, we are here to win, but we believe in winning right. That means we'll never compromise when it comes to looking out for our teammates. From our many opportunities for professional development to our generous insurance and paid leave policies, we're committed to making sure our employees get as much out of FanDuel as we ask them to give.

FanDuel Group is based in New York, with offices in California, New Jersey, Florida, Oregon and Scotland. Our brands include:
FanDuel— A game-changing real-money fantasy sports app
FanDuel Sportsbook— America's #1 sports betting app
TVG— The best-in-class horse racing TV/media network and betting platform
FanDuel Racing— A horse racing app built for the average sports fan
FanDuel Casino & Betfair Casino— Fan-favorite online casino apps
FOXBet — A world-class betting platform and affiliate of FanDuel Group
PokerStars US — The premier online poker product and affiliate of FanDuel Group
THE POSITION

Our roster has an opening with your name on it

We are looking for an Analyst to join our team. You will derive insights for FanDuel Group teams in order to drive actionable insights about the business. You will work alongside a group of other analysts through various individual and team assignments to continually evolve the various tools, models, and data visualizations used to drive the FanDuel Group business.

THE GAME PLAN

Everyone on our team has a part to play
Work with other analysts to produce insights and drivers of business performance
Create, modify and evolve models and data visualizations to better understand and explain the day to day performance of various KPIs
Create and maintain automated reporting processes visible to group-wide teams
Participate in presentations focused on using analysis to drive new business outcomes
Field and fulfil requests for various business inquires
Opportunity to mentor junior analysts on day to day requests as well as team best practices
THE STATS

What we're looking for in our next teammate
1-4+ years' experience in an analytics role preferred
Bachelor's Degree in a highly numerate major (Math, Stats, Econ, etc.) or relevant experience in data and/or business analysis
Strong personal organizational and time management skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with a lot of ambiguity
Expert in SQL and Excel required; experience with Python or R desirable
Strong problem-solving skills, allied with track record of transforming data into actionable business insight
Experience working in groups and leading smaller intra year projects
Interest in horse racing or sports preferred
THE CONTRACT

We treat our team right

Competitive compensation is just the beginning. As part of our team, you can expect:
An exciting and fun environment committed to driving real growth
Opportunities to build really cool products that fans love
Mentorship and professional development resources to help you refine your game
Flexible vacation allowance to let you refuel
Hall of Fame benefit programs and platforms
FanDuel Group is an equal opportunities employer. Diversity and inclusion in FanDuel means that we respect and value everyone as individuals. We don't tolerate bias, judgement or harassment. Our focus is on developing",4.0,"FanDuel
4.0","Los Angeles, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Sports & Recreation,"Arts, Entertainment & Recreation",$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
426,Data Analyst,"$41k-$72k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Responsibilities:

Strong knowledge of Famous Software and exporting/pulling data for special reports
Strong knowledge of DOMO (Business Cloud data) and creating reports, cards, graphics
Excellent skills in MS Excel and other MS Office software
Prior experience in formatting budgets, P&L statements, and other business reports
Vets data daily for accuracy and reliability
Works closely with upper management to plan, research, and deliver high quality/accurate information for business decision making
Ability to problem solve and create solutions to business needs
Strong knowledge of data integration for multiple media types
Establish KPIs to measure the effectiveness of business decisions

Powered by JazzHR

2hQyrL9XRG",3.4,"Moonlight Companies
3.4","Reedley, CA",-1,Unknown,1984,Company - Private,"Department, Clothing, & Shoe Stores",Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
427,Data Analyst,"$42k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Chipton-Ross is seeking a Data Analyst for an opening in Carlsbad, CA.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
This person will have a background in data science, data management and manipulation, as well as analytics to report on results achieved in the program. A solid understanding of data science plays and their execution via digital marketing and commercial tactics will provide a strong base for success in this role.
A self-starter and strategic thinker who looks after the day-to-day operations and roadmap of the Marketing Data Science Program within LCD
A collaborator who works with LCD Market Development, Product Management, and other internal teams to understand business needs, identify potential opportunities and help gather data from a wide range of sources to support the program
A key point of contact for our Data Science teams who helps match business needs with existing Data Science projects/opportunities and helps drive the creation of new data science projects to support business goals
A creative thinker who can help turn insights and output from Data Science algorithms into actionable tactics to be executed via our Digital Marketing platforms and with our Commercial teams
A program/project manager who keeps track of LCD Data Science efforts and reports progress to business partners and leadership

REQUIRED EXPERIENCE:
3-5 years hands-on experience working with Data Science plays or solutions
Ability to communicate and collaborate with commercial, marketing, and product management teams
Strong project management and organizational skills
Advanced Microsoft Excel and data manipulation skills
Experience with databases, CRMs (SFDC), analytics, segmentation and/or email systems (Eloqua)

EDUCATION:
Accredited BA/BA in Data Science or a related discipline

WORK HOURS:
1st Shift
Full-Time

Employment will be contingent on clearing a drug screen and background check. Both must clear prior to start date.

Contact
Zachary Fasano
zfasano@chiptonross.com
CHIPTON-ROSS, INC.
420 Culver Boulevard
Playa Del Rey, CA 90293

Phone: (310) 414-7800 x252 or (800) 927-9318 x252",3.2,"Chipton-Ross
3.2","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
428,Data Analyst,-1,"At Caserta, we work with leading organizations to deliver innovative data & analytics solutions. A project-based approach to solving our clients’ toughest data challenges with the fastest time-to-value is a hallmark of our firm. Our consultants are force multipliers that strengthen our clients’ teams with deep domain expertise in data architecture, data engineering, and data science.

Our team is looking for creative, entrepreneurial, and highly-motivated people to carry out our mission of designing, architecting, and implementing the most innovative, forward-looking data-driven solutions available to our clients.

The Role:


As a Data Analyst at Caserta, you will work on a team to deliver innovative solutions on Amazon Web Services, Azure, and Google Cloud using core cloud data warehouse tools like Spark, Event Stream platforms, and other Big Data related technologies. In addition to building the next generation of data platforms, you will be working with some of the most forward-thinking organizations in data and analytics

Responsibilities:
Interview stakeholders and document business requirements
Document technical specifications
Provide support to Data Engineers and Data Architects on source to target mappings
Provide technical expertise on BI, Reporting and Dashboard capabilities
Develop Cloud enabled Data and Analytics solutions
Work on cloud based and hybrid data warehouses & business intelligence platforms
Gain hands-on experience with new data platforms and programming languages
Requirements
2-5+ years of experience working in Data Analysis, Data Science, Data Engineering or Data Warehousing
Importing and working with large datasets in GCP/BigQuery
Knowledge of data modeling and data structures
Maintaining tracking log of changes
Working directly with Accounting and Finance stakeholders
Hands-on experience with leading commercial Cloud platforms, including AWS, Azure, or Google
SQL & Python skills
Strong aptitude for learning new technologies and analytics techniques
Highly self-motivated and able to work independently as well as in a team environment
Understanding of agile project approaches and methodologies
Experience working with Business Stakeholders to elicit business requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Business Analytics, Computer Science or a closely related field required
Benefits
Profit Sharing
Health/Medical Benefits
Dental & Vision benefits
Highly competitive PTO/Holiday package
401-k
And more
See what people are saying on Glassdoor and Follow Us on LinkedIn for company updates and valuable data insights.",4.3,"Caserta
4.3","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2001,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
429,Data Analyst,"$40k-$74k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Essen Health Care is an integrated healthcare delivery organization that provides high quality, compassionate, and accessible medical care to many of the most under-served residents of New York State. Guided by a population health model of care delivery, Essen’s patient-centric approach is focused on meeting patient needs in all care settings. Founded in 1999, Essen clinicians provide care in all five boroughs of New York City. With 150 primary and specialty care physicians and almost 100 advanced clinicians, Essen Health Care is one of the largest, most comprehensive private medical groups in New York City, and is recognized for excellence in patient satisfaction and clinical care. With five clinical divisions, patient care is provided in medical offices, 16 urgent care centers, hospitals, and nursing homes, as well as directly to patients in their homes. The Care Management division cares for the community by addressing social determinants of health through RNs, care managers and care coordinators. Essen clinicians provide quality care for nearly 30,000 patient lives across our five clinical divisions. Essen was one of the initial practices to have achieved ‘Level 3 Patient Centered Medical Home’ designation in New York by the National Committee for Quality Assurance. In 2018, Essen Health Care was nominated for the Heritage Innovation Award. Essen continues to expand and grow in the five boroughs while extending its breadth of services and continuing to provide the communities with leading edge care.

Essen is currently seeking a Full-time Data Analyst for our IT Department. The selected candidate will be responsible for gathering and analyzing healthcare data from multiple sources (e.g. insurance processing, clinical operations, and patient behavior) to extract trends and business insights. Then evaluates encounter data and identifies errors created by operational processes, claims and eligibility processes. Must research the analysis and categorize the encounter. The primary responsibility for this position is to fully support the ongoing healthcare business intelligence and data analytics objectives. To succeed in this role, you should be analytical, resourceful and works under moderate supervision.

Essen is seeking an individual who is skilled in the use of Power BI, Excel, SharePoint and SQL databases for data analysis with scripting via Python.

The selected candidate will be responsible to perform daily Physicians duties including but not limited to:

Provides consulting and analytic services to leadership, operations and finance.
Monitors encounter data from various databases and creates monthly, quarterly and ad-hoc reports
Deliver reports in pre-defined formats based on submitted and agreed upon requirements
Analyze, present and explain information in accessible and actionable way (i.e. budgeting reports, cost and claims or clinical data)
Summarizes large volumes of encounter data in analytical reports that include tables and graphs for management review and use
Reviews and ensures accuracy of all ad-hoc and automated reports and corrects discrepancies
Programs using Excel and SQL or other appropriate software to generate reports based on input/direction from management and other report users
Collaborates with other departments and vendors to identify missing data, errors or other anomalies; works with them to correct these encounter data errors, gather necessary information and provide guidance on regulatory reporting needs
Building models and analyzing data to discover discrepancies and patterns
Pull and integrate data from disparate sources (i.e. budgeting reports, cost and claims or clinical data)
Collaborate with management and internal teams to implement and evaluate improvements
Expert knowledge of MS Excel
Strong knowledge of SQL – Formulate analytic questions as database queries
Strong hands-on familiarity with eClinicalWorks (ECW)

The successful candidate will have the following Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in health services research, actuarial science, statistics, or economics OR minimum four (4) years of data analyst or related experience, including proficiency with analytical software.
At least 1-year experience Data Mining complex sets and formulating custom reports.
Experience performing data analysis from ECW, Claims, Rosters, etc. in a health care or health plan organization, required.
Formal informatics training a plus.
Strong analytic and reporting skills required.
Effective oral, written and interpersonal communication skills required.

ESSEN HEALTH CARE IS PROUD TO BE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

Essen Health care is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we seek candidates who desire to work in and serve an ethnically diverse population.",2.9,"Essen Health Care
2.9","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
430,Data Analyst,-1,"The Role
Come help our customers learn more about the world. Below is a small sample of the questions we’ve asked of our data over the last year.

Did Lyft’s prospects improve in politically progressive areas in the aftermath of Uber’s press woes?
Is Amazon’s revenue growth in the fourth quarter primarily driven by customers in rural areas?
How did the path of the solar eclipse affect hotel bookings across the United States?

As part of the client-focused function on the data team, you will be responsible for helping industry-leading companies understand how purchase and travel behavior is changing in America. You will become an expert in our dataset and answers questions from prospects, customers, and internal stakeholders to help extract value from our data.

You
You creatively work through problems with statistically sound thinking and have the natural itch to follow obstacles to their root cause. You think deeply about the problems ahead and are comfortable moving between tools in your toolbelt. And you are quick to learn, implementing new approaches when facing questions that demand it. You are a stickler for quality and pay careful attention to the details that matter.

You are a gifted communicator and are passionate about helping others make sense of data. You are comfortable juggling multiple projects at one time and relish the opportunity to empower leaders in finance, technology, and consumer goods with data to shape their long term strategy.

Requirements
1+ years of SQL experience
Ability to communicate findings to non-experts
Desire to learn data modeling technologies (python, spark) and build on statistical knowledge
Bachelors in social science (Economics, Sociology, ...), related discipline or equivalent experience
Excited by a high learning curve
Excellent written and oral communicator

Compensation and Benefits
Highly competitive salary and benefits
Stock grants pre-IPO at a company backed by top investors
Take unlimited, responsible vacation

About Us
Edison provides intelligent email solutions for users and competitive intelligence for businesses. The largest, most valuable and as yet untapped data on earth is in mail; 3x larger than the worldwide web. Through our user base of more than 3 million users, we empower investors, brands, and technology companies to understand trends in the marketplace and gain deep insights into consumer behavior patterns.

As a team, we’re collaborative, engaged, and committed to continually improving as we serve our mission. None of us are on an island-- we trust our teammates to lend a hand when we’re stuck and our egos take a backseat to figuring out the best approach to tackling problems. We’re energized by tough problems and are excited to know that a challenge ahead of us does not have a textbook solution. Finally, we’re always in a posture of learning-- there is a lot we do not know but that does not hold us back from making an attempt at solutions. We lead thorough blameless postmortems to become better analysts, scientists, and leaders.
We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.",5.0,"Edison Software
5.0","Denver, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
431,Grants Manager/Data Analyst,-1,"Responsibilities

• Management of grant-funded projects

• Administrative tasks in support of grant applications

• Develop and implement systems for generating project reports

• Generate grant reports and ensure timely submission

• Develop project evaluation components

• Generate data dashboards

• Analyze data and generate data-driven reports

Duties

• Supervise the development of policies or procedures for specific grants received

• Collaborate with local organizations and agencies

• Provide guidance and monitoring regardomg the performance of grant activities

• Assist the CEO and CFO in complying with grant requirements, including providing reports, billing, and other data as required by funders.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Grants Management: 2 years (Required)
Project Management: 2 years (Required)
Data Analysis: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Language:
Spanish (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.cwwilliams.org
Company's Facebook page:
@CWWCHC
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",1.0,"C. W. Williams Community Health Center, Inc.
1.0","Charlotte, NC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
432,Data Analyst,"$39k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Healthcare Data Analyst in Baltimore/Catonsville, MD area.*
Location: Baltimore/Catonsville, MD area.*
Job Type: Full Time*
Location/Interview: Ideal candidate will be able to come in office as needed and be in the office once COVID has passed (local).*
Job Description:

Client is seek full-time candidate to fill Data Analyst position in the Baltimore/Catonsville, MD area.
Possess expertise and experience in quantitative and qualitative data collection and appropriate analytic capabilities
Design, develop and administer data collection instruments
Analyze program data using statistical and relational database software
Research contents, limitations, and potential uses of all available data sets relevant to assigned task areas
Manage data collection efforts, including programming software. Cleans and prepared data for analysis Capacity to develop dashboards, conduct surveys, focus groups, interviews, environmental scans, case studies and to process and analyze data obtained from these data collection methods
Develop documentation for all analyses to include storage location of all files (i.e., program code, data sets, output); thoroughly document program code and monitor use of disk storage, archiving data sets when not in use
Develop measures to assess contract performance in assigned task areas and make changes to those measures as required with contract modifications
Collaborate with others in the organization to ensure successful implementation of chosen problem solutions
Collaborate with other members of the Analytic group by checking program code for adherence to specifications and checking output for correct results
Provide technical support to customers including answering questions, trouble-shooting problems and assisting in modification of program code
Define and analyze complex data, develop visualizations, and construct compelling presentations for various audiences
Design, produce, analyze, and debug routine data reports
Work with program area staff to design effective and visually appealing data reports.
Report results of statistical analyses (i.e. graphs, charts, tables, written reports)
Review sampling and extrapolation methodologies employed by other contractors to determine if analyses were appropriate, correct, and replicable
Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Economics, Healthcare Administration, Public Health, or related field. Master’s degree preferred
*3 to 5 years’ experience conducting complex analysis of health care claims (Part A, Part B, Part C, and/or Part D)*, electronic medical records, or enrollment data
3 plus years’ experience of *SAS programming proficiency (data step processing, developing, and calling SAS macros, and running statistical procedures), reporting and expertise in Excel*
3 years’ experience using data management and visualization tools such as *SQL, Tableau, Qlik, R, Python, or Power BI*
Excellent written and oral communication skills with the ability to present analysis and results to non-technical audiences, good problem-solving skills, and interpersonal skills
Skilled in analyzing large data sets Must be proficient in at least one data analysis software package
A flexible attitude with respect to work assignments and new learning
Ability to manage multiple and varied tasks with enthusiasm and prioritize workload with attention to detail.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $82.00 - $83.00 per year

Benefits:
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SQL, Tableau, Qlik, R, Python, or Power BI: 3 years (Preferred)
Data Analyst: 5 years (Preferred)
SAS programming: 4 years (Preferred)
health care claims (Part A, Part B, Part C, and/or Part D): 3 years (Preferred)
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",4.0,"Epathusa INC
4.0","Catonsville, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
433,Data Analyst,"$42k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Crestron Electronics, Inc we build the technology that integrates technology.
We are proud to be the largest and most recognized brand in automation and control solutions, and the premier technology partner for fortune 500 businesses globally. Our products’ are integrated into new high-tech commercial buildings’ to include some of the most exciting real estate throughout the world. Our clients include Google, Microsoft, Amazon, LinkedIn and many others. We are the leaders in the most exciting industry in the world!
Our automation and control solutions for homes and buildings allow our clients to control entire environments with the push of a button, integrating systems such as Audio Visual, Lighting, Shading, Security, Building Management Systems and HVAC to provide greater comfort, convenience and security.

The role of Data Analyst is to support a vast array of continuous improvement projects centered around Crestron’s manufacturing and supply chain processes. The Data Analyst will maintain and generate all necessary reports and reporting tools as well as work to improve the accuracy of the data being used. They will use these reports to identify trends, draw conclusions, and then provide clear direction for pursuing corrective action to the various organizations. This position requires exceptional communication in order to effectively drive change.

Support improvements in data accuracy and recording
Establish KPIs and associated reporting mechanisms to support them
Develop data visualizations and reports through tools such as Power BI
Data mine and analyze information for trends
Present findings and recommendations based on the analysis performed
Special assignments as required

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science
0-2 years of relevant experience required
Excellent time management and communication skills
Strict attention to detail
SQL database knowledge preferred
PowerBI data visualization experience preferred
SAP knowledge preferred",3.0,"Crestron Electronics Inc
3.0","Rockleigh, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1971,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
434,Data Analyst,"$29k-$55k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you ready for a change? At ZT Systems, we put People First, and from day one our team members make a difference. A fast-growing key player in a multibillion-dollar market, ZT designs and builds hyperscale compute and storage solutions for the worlds largest datacenter customers. We are passionate about teamwork, and the consistent high quality of our solutions differentiates us in the minds of our customers. Here at ZT, we recognize hard work, commitment, leadership, and results, and we truly believe that behind every quality solution is a team of highly talented individuals. Join us and become part of an industry-leading team that transforms ideas into reality.

About the Role

Support the Global Supply Chain organization by enabling and improving the availability of accurate and timely data. Work with various teams to understand their data needs, identify the correct data sources and develop tools, templates or visuals to help support the business needs. Independently search through large data sets to identify usable information and discover actionable insights through various analytics models and frameworks.

What you will do
Coordinate with internal cross-functional teams to define and support new customer data requirements
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data set
Work with management and planners to prioritize business information needs
Help to locate and define new process improvements through predictive analytics
Participate in the design and development of new tools to enable better data visibility throughout the organization
Ability to communicate complex data in a simple, actionable way
Ability to visualize data in the most effective way possible for a given project or study
Be flexible to support rapidly changing customer requirements in a positive manner
Excellent attention to detail
What you bring
BS degree in computer science, technology, data analytics, informatics or equivalent
0-3 years work experience (with degree)
Masters degree strongly preferred
Course level technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), databases (SQL etc programming (Python, R, XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS, STATA, etc)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, and analyze, with attention to detail and accuracy
Basic Level experience with queries, report writing and presenting findings (Tableu, PowerBI, etc.)
ZT Systems offers a highly competitive salary commensurate with work experience and/or education, an excellent benefits program that includes a 401(k) plan, health and dental insurance, and paid time off.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and do not discriminate against otherwise qualified applicants on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, age, gender, marital status, national origin, disability or handicap, or veteran status. ZT Systems is a Drug-Free Workplace.",3.4,"ZT Systems
3.4","Secaucus, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
435,Data Analyst,"$39k-$68k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Southcentral Foundation (SCF) Data Analyst is responsible for data mining, analysis and statistical reporting of data to support operations, research, and regulatory requirements using structured query language. May also be responsible for user training/support, application support and automation of business processes.

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in information management, statistics, finance and/or healthcare related field; or combination of equivalent training/education and experience.
Two years experience in data mining, extraction, analysis and reporting using structured query language, analyzer, data and report writing tools such as MS Query Analyzer/SQL Enterprise Manager, PL/SQL, Aqua Data, Crystal Reports or SQL Reporting Services.

Additional Qualifications for Data Analyst II: Meets all requirements of Data Analyst I in addition to the following:

One year experience in using healthcare coding schemes and/or financial coding schemes

Additional Qualifications for Data Analyst III: Meets all requirements of Data Analyst II in addition to the following:

Master’s Degree with a focus in information management, statistics, healthcare related field; or equivalent training/education and experience.
One year of experience using statistical software such as SPSS, SAS or other analysis tools.
One year experience in using healthcare coding schemes and/or financial coding schemes.",3.5,"Southcentral Foundation
3.5","Anchorage, AK",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Membership Organizations,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
436,Data Analyst,-1,"Job Summary:

The Driver Acquisition and Retention Analyst will be responsible for analyzing, identifying and optimizing the on boarding and retention of independent contractor delivery drivers for the Point Pickup Platform.

This position requires exceptional attention to detail, inquisitive mindset and ability to synthesize multiple sources of information to make informed decisions and develop results oriented processes. Analyze data to uncover trends and communicate results to relevant stakeholders. Creativity is key. We are looking for someone who is able to own and drive projects to completion.

The ideal candidate will have work experience in an analyst role as well as strong computer skills with a mindset for marketing.

Duties/Responsibilities:
Development of recruiting programs for new market launches.
Analyzing delivery markets and optimizing capacity.
Job Requirements:
High proficiency with Excel.
Understanding of database and analysis platforms such as DOMO.
Great communicator.
Independent and inquisitive thinker.
Prior Experience:
BA or higher degree;
1-3 years + post college work experience in marketing, finance as analyst or gig-economy platform.",2.5,"Point Pickup
2.5","Greenwich, CT",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
437,Data Analyst,-1,"Data Analyst / Data Engineer *( need some one from Bio Tech Background)*
*only w2 *
*Must be local to California *
*Any visa will work *
*Initially remote and onsite post COVID-19*
*End client is an American molecular diagnostics company*
*Location - Sunnyvale, CA *
*Must have - Python , ETL , SQL , PowerBI , Modeling/ML*
Data Analyst/Data Engineer with 1-4 years of experience and coming from a BioTech company.*
Must have: Python, ETL, SQL. Preferred experience with PowerBI and Modeling/ML as well.

Position Description

As an Innovation Data Analyst, you will explore and serve data from different parts of the organization for actionable information, using your skills as a full-stack data analyst. You will primarily be responsible for Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA), which may include building the necessary data pipelines to enable analysis and serve insights on a regular basis. You will be part of a small data-focused team and interface with subject matter experts throughout the organization, including customer, operations, R&D, and sales data. To be successful, you must be resourceful and inquisitive; learn, retain, and transfer knowledge to different skill levels; and see the forest and the trees.

ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

· Prepare and explore datasets for actionable insights

· Work independently given direction

· Listen to Voice of Customer to align data exploration with business needs

· Build preliminary data pipelines

· Communicate progress and results through dashboards, reports, and presentations to stakeholders

· Document work product and results, including data dictionaries, process maps, code, and architecture diagrams

Knowledge and skills required:

· Proficiency in Python, including library and package creation and deployment

· Previous Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) experience in Python, including data preparation and transformation, web scraping, and scheduling

· Working knowledge of statistics for data quality, transformation, parameter/model/test selection, and insight generation

· Dashboard and data design theory

· Previous experience with SQL database and schema creation

· Familiarity with code versioning best practices

PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS:

· Familiarity with PowerBI

· Exposure to molecular biology and polymerase chain reaction, primer/probe interaction modelling, gene expression, sequencing, and/or bioinformatics

· Exposure to modelling, machine learning algorithms and training

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:

Education and Experience (in years):

· Bachelor’s in Statistics, Biology, Engineering, or Data Science, or related major

· 0-2 year’s work experience in a related field

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $40.00 - $45.00 per hour

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
ETL (Extract Transform Load): 2 years (Required)
SQL: 3 years (Required)
Python: 3 years (Required)
BioTech: 2 years (Required)
Application Question:
What is your visa status / work authorization and can you work on w2 ?
Also what is your current location ?

Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,3kaya Technologies LLC,"Sunnyvale, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
438,Data Analyst,-1,"About Us:

ActivTrak is a workforce productivity and analytics platform that helps organizations understand how people work, whether in-office or remote. Our cloud-based user activity monitoring platform collects and analyzes data and provides insights that help mid-market enterprises be more productive and compliant. We have more than 7,500 customers and over 100,000 users of our free version.

The Position & Responsibilities:

As a Productivity Lab Data Analyst, you will be directly involved in the analysis, validation and curation of workforce productivity data, turning data into insights that will help ActivTrak’s customers gain better understanding of their people and enable them to make data driven decisions across their organization.

The Data Analyst will also contribute to the development of best practices around the implementation and use of the ActivTrak platform, whether defining a strategy to combine ActivTrak data with other data sources or using ActivTrak as a stand alone solution, as a Productivity Lab Data Analyst you will play a key role helping organizations to understand how to better capture, measure and interpret workforce productivity metrics. In addition to that, this position will play a key role influencing the development of the ActivTrak platform and further the understanding of workforce productivity inside the organization.

Skills & Experience:

3+ years of experience writing, maintaining, and troubleshooting queries and data visualizations in Tableau, PowerBI, Data Studio, etc.

Deep understanding of queries and subquery mechanisms including indexes, table-valued functions and analytical functions.

Working knowledge of BigQuery and Google Data Studio.

Experience writing optimized SQL queries.

knowledge of programming languages like Python.

Curiosity and passion for problem solving (conceptually and analytically). A strong understanding of statistical analysis (simple & multiple regression) and experimental design.

Growth mindset, humility, and a burning desire to own your domain and your work.

Excellent communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences.

Ability to deal with ambiguity and collaborate with different teams towards mutual goals.

Excellent attention to detail

Experience in Workforce Analytics will be considered a plus.

Why Should You Apply?

Learn from a dedicated team of peers and leadership. We value our team of diverse and talented individuals who come from different backgrounds and cultures

We promote employee development and growth opportunities. We care where you will be in 3, 5, and 10 years and we're invested in helping you get there

Competitive compensation packages including company stock options, bonus plan, health and dental plans, and company-sponsored 401k plan

Annual rideshare allowance

Employee referral bonuses to encourage the addition of great new people to the team

Flexible time off and vacation

Be a foundational member of the Productivity Lab

Work Environment:

Position located in Austin, TX (or Dallas, remote, or all of the above) Also offered as a remote position Limited travel Limited physical demands Moderate noise level

ActivTrak is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. ActivTrak does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, or age.",4.8,"ActivTrak
4.8","Austin, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
439,Data Analyst,"$53k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Details
Level
Experienced
Job Location
Agoura Hills - Agoura Hills, CA
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
4 Year Degree
Salary Range
Undisclosed
Travel Percentage
None
Job Shift
Undisclosed
Job Category
Admin - Clerical
Data Analyst

JOB SUMMARY:

Creates functional specifications from business requirements and defines business processes. Serves as a primary liaison between Business and IT. Authors use cases and test cases. Is directly involved with the installation, modification, testing, implementation, documentation and maintenance of purchased vendor software and developed solutions. Gathers and analyzes data in support of business cases, proposed projects, systems requirements, and provide solutions and recommend best practices. Responsible for creating SSRS reports, developing ad-hoc SQL queries, dashboards using BI tools such as Tableau, and providing end user training. Applies proven communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills to help maximize the benefit of IT system investments.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

Develops working relationships with a diverse group of business people and gains an understanding of the complex nature of the company’s business. Maintains familiarity with the business plans of the company and the departments serviced.
Leads design sessions in identifying business requirements needed for selecting new systems for the purpose of enhancing business processes, operations, and information process flow. Creates system design proposals. Provides creative solutions to user areas and also contributes ideas to improve the function, reliability and quality of services from IT.
Coordinates and performs in-depth tests, including end-user reviews, for modified and new systems, and other post-implementation support.
Ensures compatibility and interoperability of in-house computing systems.
Maintains knowledge of current Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence (Tableau) and Reporting tools (SSRS).
Understand statistics and statistical analysis.
Take ownership of designing and building end to end BI solutions using SQL Server, T-SQL, SSIS and Tableau
Are able to produce visualizations of data to clearly communicate ideas.
Development experience in at least one scripting language (R or Python preferred)
Gathers and analyzes reporting needs; identifies and analyzes data systems; designs reports and assists in the design and implementation of a reporting infrastructure to support the business reporting needs.
Responds to elevated Help Desk Tickets in a timely manner.
Provides orientation and training to end users for all modified and new systems.
Supports IT Team in planning and implementing backup, security or disaster recovery actions.
Maintains a professional awareness of tools and techniques that might be used to improve the quality of service. Conducts research on software and hardware products to justify recommendations and to support purchasing efforts.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Technical Competencies:

Bachelor in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field preferred and 4+ years of work experience in the field.
Hands-on experience using Tableau to create impressive visualizations
Proven experience in Databases and Data Relationships particularly Microsoft SQL Server including T-SQL and SSIS
Development experience in at least one scripting language (R or Python preferred)
Good working knowledge of manufacturing business systems
Strong organizational and communication skills.
Experience working in manufacturing environments is a plus. (ERP).
Good verbal, written and listening communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot and solve problems and to communicate with and support clients.
Able to communicate technical information to non-technical people effectively.
Proven ability to work across organizational boundaries to identify business information needs and to implement applications that fulfill them.

Core Competencies:

Ethics, Values, Integrity & Trust - Adheres and acts in line with CPI core values.
Functional/Technical Skills - Possesses high level of skill, knowledge and ability in assigned functional area.
Safety – Complies with company safety rules and regulations. Takes a proactive approach to identify and eliminate safety hazards.
Customer Focus - Gives high priority to customer satisfaction.
Interpersonal Skills - Uses diplomacy and tact. Uses collaborative skills.
Action Oriented & Adaptability - Takes initiative; acts promptly; is proactive.
Ownership & Accountability - Proactively models, guards and demonstrates all of CPI’s core values.
Priority Setting, Planning & Organizing- Uses resources effectively and efficiently.
Problem Solving & Creativity - Uses logic and methods to solve problems with effective solutions. Develops new and unique ideas.
Listening, Informing and Written Communications - Practices attentive and active listening. Shares information. Presents ideas and facts clearly and effectively in writing.

PHYSICAL/ENVIRONMENTAL REQUIREMENTS:

Works on computer majority of the day.
Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. to move computers, equipment, etc. as needed.
Some travel (domestic and international) may be required both by automobile and airplane.
May have to perform duties in tight spaces (phone closet, etc.).
Must be able to work flexible hours.",3.4,"Chatsworth Products
3.4","Agoura Hills, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
440,Data Analyst,-1,"Position Overview:

Deep Labs is seeking an experienced, enthusiastic Data Analyst to join our growing Deep Labs AI team that is designing and building solutions for some of our client's most challenging problems. The ideal candidate will have a strong background collecting and interpreting big data, mining for and reporting insights, and presenting to a variety of audiences as part of a fast-paced and growing, product-driven technology team. This role reports to the VP, Data Science & Engineering.

Responsibilities:
Collect and integrate large datasets from a variety of sources
Use data mining and descriptive analytics to explore & profile large datasets
Produce high-impact reports, visualizations and dashboards to tell a story with data
Present and explain analysis outputs across a variety of technical and non-technical audiences
Assess and improve the quality of new and existing large data sets
Identify and pursue opportunities to enrich data from multiple, diverse sources
Follow a methodical, analytical approach and have a natural curiosity to understand and get the best from data
Collaborate across teams: communicate effectively across a variety of technical and non-technical audiences
Experience:
Minimum of 3 years of experience in a dedicated Data Analyst role in one or more of the following industries: finance, payments, banking, risk, fraud, identity or behavioral analytics
Understand problems from both a business and data perspective
Proficient in developing code in one or more of the following: Python, Go, Scala, Java or R
Working knowledge with a variety of data storage and query engines: RDBMS, SQL, NoSQL, object stores, search engines and files
Knowledge and/or work experience of public cloud environments (e.g. Google GCP or Amazon AWS)
Previous experience working in a “Big-4” consulting environment or similar, a plus
Education: Degree-level qualification in computer science, mathematics, or related discipline

Specific Skills:
Knowledge and experience of good software engineering practices
Keen interest and desire to stay abreast of the latest developments in AI research and industry
Demonstrated ability to take initiative and interact within a global team environment
Strong analytical and quantitative skills; strong attention to detail
Why Deep Labs?

At Deep Labs there is tremendous potential to learn and grow, while also contributing to policies, decisions, and the direction of the company. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, and provide a highly open, honest, and fun work environment.

Our company is committed to equal employment opportunity. We will not discriminate against employees or applicants for employment on any legally-recognized basis [""protected class""] including, but not limited to: age, race, gender, pregnancy, religion or creed, color, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, genetic characteristics, military or veteran status, uniform service member status or any other protected class under federal, state or local law.

We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.",3.8,"Deep Labs
3.8","Boston, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
441,Senior Data Analyst - Patient-Centered Research,"$88k-$150k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Data Analyst - Patient-Centered Research – Flexible Location
Position Summary
This business-critical position provides extensive statistical and data programming support across multiple projects within the Patient-Centered Research team. The role requires a unique blend of technical excellence in addition to the ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks with competing deadlines. The Senior Data Analyst is integral to the success of the organization and works closely with a variety of stakeholders; technical and research, in order to drive the delivery and quality of required programming and results tables. As this role supports a regulatory environment, knowledge of good clinical practices for data management is required in order to be successful.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: (other duties may be assigned)
Prepare, manage and analyze research data using standard statistical packages such as SAS, S-Plus.
Review project related documentations such as CRFs, SAPs, and proposals, and provide feedback to project team.
Assist in the development of final study reports and presentation of study of findings, including the creation of graphical output directly from study data.
Validate and peer review other programs.
Act as technical consultant to other staff within Evidera.
Provide SAS User Group training session at least once a year presented to programmers and senior patient-centered research staff.
Qualifications
Work experience with healthcare or clinical trial data is essential; knowledge of 21 Code of Federal Regulations Part 11 preferred.
Minimum of 5 years of SAS programming experience or a comparable skill set.
Excellent understanding of and generous experience with SAS/Base, SAS ODS outputs, SAS Macro, SAS STAT and any additional SAS modules as required by the specific job position.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Understanding and experience with R a plus.
Education and Experience
Master's degree (preferred) or equivalent degree with 4-6 years’ experience, BA/BS degree with 8+ years’ work experience

About Evidera:
Evidera is a business within in Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC (PPD) a leading global contract research organization (CRO), and a is a preeminent provider of evidence-based solutions. We provide integrated scientific expertise and global operational capabilities to help clients generate the evidence needed to optimize the market access and commercial potential of products.

Perks:
We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, with clear opportunities for growth and career progression. You will have the opportunity to work on multiple projects with some of the industry’s leading researchers. Our offices boast a fun and collaborative working environment, frequent social events and a robust support system. We are committed to providing training and professional development, with ample opportunity to advance, for all our staff.
Evidera’s Core Competencies:
Customer Focus
Initiative
Teamwork
Problem Solving/Judgment
Accountability
If you resonate with our core competencies and want to contribute to research and consulting services driven by world-class science and thought leadership, then please submit your application – we’d love to hear from you.
Evidera, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, genetics, sexual orientation, gender preference,disability, or status as a qualified individual with a disability or protected veteran.",3.9,"Evidera
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
442,Data Analyst,"$39k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","POSITION TITLE: Data Analyst

REPORTS TO: AVP of Marketing

SUPERVISES: N/A

JOB STATUS: Non-Exempt

SALARY: $38,772.30-$58,158.45

JOB SUMMARY:

Performs advanced (senior-level) data extract, reporting, analysis, and consultative services in order to drive and evaluate consumer and commercial financial product marketing efforts, perform financial product cost/benefit analysis to support Credit Union senior management in financial product development and management. The Data Analyst will also provide summary expense and performance data to support multiple levels of Credit Union management in daily operations management and service delivery optimization, and provide other data reporting as required to support special projects and internal auditing functions.

All employees of State Employees Credit Union are proactive, result driven, and fully committed to the Credit Union s mission and vision. They strive to achieve the highest standards of excellence and consistently exceed the expectations established by Credit Union Management.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least 18 years of age.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Significant experience in performing relational database queries using the MS SQL Server 2016 and Oracle 11gR2 dialects of SQL.
Knowledgeable in techniques to estimate and limit any adverse impact on database performance that may be caused by queries performed.
Significant experience producing database reports using commercially-available reporting tools including Crystal Reports.
Knowledge of statistics and experience using commercially-available statistical analysis packages.
Advanced proficiency with commercial office suite software including Microsoft Excel.
Proven ability to develop productive working relationships with both technical staff and non-technical users.
Bachelor s degree in mathematics, statistics, finance, economics, or accounting is required. MBA preferred.
Understanding of advanced analytics, attribution tracking, propensity modelling, and predictive analytics as they apply to Marketing.
Five (5) years of working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Proven ability to meet deadlines and to be flexible when priorities are re-assessed.
Working knowledge of ITIL practices.
ESSENTIAL TASKS:
Inventory and develop a deep working knowledge of the information available in all authorized data sources.
Review user-supplied requirements and expand in technical depth as required to provide the user with the desired end product.
Acquire data from existing relational database sources. Identify, as necessary, any external data that is required to meet task objectives.
Interpret and analyze data using statistical techniques to identify any data deficiencies, significant trends, outliers, and to estimate product precision and accuracy.
Filter and clean data as necessary to provide the desired level of quality in the final work product. Identify any problems with data capture, design, and architecture.
Document all work performed, including a description of data handling activities and user reporting processes.
Evaluate current reporting processes and make recommendations to Credit Union management for quality and efficiency improvements.
Identify and define meaningful metrics in an effort to deliver high quality, actionable, and efficient reporting to drive business decisions. Make appropriate recommendations to Credit Union management.
Provide Credit Union management with any applicable recommendations for data collection or clean-up efforts that would benefit the Credit Union in the future.
Perform all duties in compliance with Credit Union policies and procedures, and all applicable federal laws and regulations.
Assist Marketing in data-driven campaigns, analysis, KPIs, tracking, and advanced analytic models.
Ability to translate business data requirements into non-technical, lay terms.
Performs all other assigned duties.
State Employees Credit Union offers a highly competitive benefits package

Applications must be received by Human Resources

State Employees Credit Union of New Mexico is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.5,"State Employees Credit Union
3.5","Santa Fe, NM",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1937,Nonprofit Organization,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
443,Data Analyst,"$28k-$52k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Fust Charles Chambers LLP, a premier accounting, tax and advisory services Firm in Central New York is seeking a Data Analyst that is looking to apply their data analysis skills and experience in delivering services to the Firm’s clients and learn and grow within the Firm.

Responsibilities
Various data analysis projects associated with performance audits and other special projects
Develop, implement and update testing methodologies and audit programs to determine compliance with various regulations, laws, policies and procedures
Gather and analyze financial and other data/information related to the engagement
Interpret data and analyze outcomes to ensure accurate testing results
Document test work performed in clear and concise workpapers providing audit trail of work performed
Research legislation, interpret regulations and apply to data analysis to determine compliance
Apply audit skepticism throughout data analysis and test work
Provide on-going updates and reports
Identify and escalate audit or data issues and concerns
Requirements
MS in Accounting or MBA, or BS in Information Management, or Information Technology
Proven working experience analyzing data
Proven project management skills and strong organizational skills
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Intermediate Excel skills required, advanced Excel skills and knowledge of IDEA data analysis software preferred
Ability to understand and resolve complex problems and ability to manipulate data points
Adept at data queries, report writing and presenting findings
Audit experience and healthcare experience preferred
Strong oral and written communication skills as well as strong interpersonal skills
1-3 years’ experience in a public accounting or private company environment, preferably with some data analysis experience
Limited travel, 10% or less
Our culture places great emphasis on integrity, teamwork and quality of life. We offer an excellent compensation/benefits package including a competitive salary, health insurance, retirement savings plan and the opportunity to grow with an industry leader.

Please submit your resume with letter of interest to Tricia Sherwood (tsherwood@fcc-cpa.com) or apply online.

Fust Charles Chambers LLP is an Equal Opportunity Employer

*By submitting your resume, transcript and other pertinent information, you authorize Fust Charles Chambers LLP to share said information with firm personnel involved in recruiting and, specifically, those who participate in your interview, should one take place.*",4.4,"Fust Charles Chambers
4.4","Syracuse, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
444,Marketing Data Quality Analyst I,"$57k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Purpose of Job
The candidate selected for this position with join an experienced Information Governance and Management team that supports USAAs enterprise strategy, marketing, corporate communications, corporate responsibility, corporate development and military affairs functions. The candidate with have the opportunity to work with the USAA Information Governance Catalog and Information Analyzer tools as part of the IBM InfoSphere platform to support Marketing technology and data transformation projects.
Manages and analyzes information using a variety of techniques and tools in alignment with USAA's Enterprise Information Standards. This role may be responsible for one or more information management function noted below:
Metadata includes defining and documenting data ensuring the information is understood. This may include working with project teams or support teams to define, redefine, or continue maintenance of the metadata.
Data Quality includes defining data quality rules ensuring data is measured and trusted. This may include working with project teams to define data quality requirements as well as ensuring ongoing assessments of data quality.
Information Lifecycle Management includes archiving and purging of data to meet the needs of the business while reducing corporate risk.
Data Security and Privacy includes managing the security of data access as well as privacy of data sharing in compliance with external regulations and internal policies. This may include working with other departments to ensure compliance to GBLA, FCRA, PCI DSS, etc.
Master Data and Reference Data includes managing key corporate data to ensure the organization can manage its operations with accurate and consistent information.
Job Requirements


Leverages intermediate data management knowledge to support in one or many of the information management functions. Tasks may include any of the items noted below:

General
Identify opportunities for improvement in processes
Participate in and possibly lead discussions with cross-functional teams.
Participate in development of best practices and tools based on business needs.
Metadata and Data Quality
Support metadata repository maintenance, access requests, and proper metadata association
Review, validate, and record metadata and data quality information.
Development of definitions, data quality rules, thresholds, and standard metrics of quality for data elements that support critical business processes.
Development of controls to mitigate data quality risks including data quality plan development, monitoring data quality results, reports and dashboards, as appropriate.
Identify and maintain data quality corrective action plans.
Support compliance assessment process by reviewing and documenting failures from data quality compliance assessment checks.
Information Lifecycle Management
Support archiving and purging activities of data
Develop archiving and purging strategies and processes
Support compliance assessment process by identifying and escalating items that may be a risk to the corporation.
Data Security and Privacy
Manage Data Access security as needed
Support Privacy initiatives through analysis of sensitive data
Ensure sensitive data is accessed and shared in accordance to defined policies and processes.
Master and Reference Data
Recommend Master and Reference Data processes and procedures to align with Enterprise Policies and Standards
Create and maintain reference data in accordance to defined processes and procedures.
Manage quality and maintenance of master data as it is created
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree in a Business or Science discipline (4 years work experience in data management, data quality or business application function or related experience can be substituted in lieu of a degree in addition to the minimum years of work experience required) OR
A Master's Degree in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline OR
A PhD in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline
Minimum Experience:
4 or more years of experience in one or more information management functions below and any relevant tools:
Metadata
Data Quality including metrics, dashboards, knowledge of frequency and duplicate analysis, cross dataset dependencies, orphan `child data' rows, redundancy analysis, etc.
Information Lifecycle Management including archiving, purging, content and document management
Master and Reference Data
Data Security & Privacy OR
Possession of a Master's Degree in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline PLUS 2 or more years of experience in a data management/quality analytic function. OR
Possession of a Master's Degree and PhD in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline and 1 or more years experience in a data management/quality analytic function
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred Qualifications
Experience working in a Marketing organization
Experience using IBM InfoSphere Info Governance Catalog and Info Analyzer
Good understanding of agile principles and ways of working
Experience working with third party vendors
Can communicate well with all levels of employees in IT and business areas
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 08/18/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.",3.6,"USAA
3.6","San Antonio, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1922,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
445,Data Analyst,"$67k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Title: Data Analyst
Location: Boston, MA
Duration: 10 Months

Job Descriptions:
We are looking for a Data Analyst to help us put to best use the Commonwealth's vast treasure trove of data.
As a Data Analyst, you will be tasked with using the state's data to deliver efficient and effective government services and to help us make smarter, data-driven public policy decisions.
Your work will help improve the lives of Massachusetts residents, businesses, and institutions.
At the forefront of data analytics and public policy, you will tackle new and meaningful challenges every day.
Design and develop metrics, analyses, reports, and dashboards to support decision-making and operations across state government; employ a variety of statistical and other software applications, graphics tools, and business intelligence (BI) applications to analyze results, evaluate performance, and project future trends and needs.
Support the design, development, and implementation of data-sharing efforts across Commonwealth offices and agencies; work with team members and outside departments to access data for ongoing projects and other business intelligence needs.
Support the development of public-facing data analytics and reporting.
Research and report on data-management best practices, including in the areas of governance, storage, privacy, and reporting.
Develop and maintain relationships with outside departments and agencies; work with team members to build communities of practice around data use.
Perform related duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
A minimum of two (2) years of full-time, or equivalent part-time, professional experience in public or business administration, or a related field, in work that included data analysis,
reporting, and visualization, using languages and software such as Python, R, SQL, VBA, and Tableau or other BI tools.
A bachelor's degree in public policy, public administration, statistics, computer science, or a related field is preferred and may be substituted for two (2) years of the required experience.
Demonstrated interest in public policy or administration; experience in a government setting desirable.
Strong analytics and critical thinking skills; demonstrated ability to organize and synthesize large datasets and to use data to identify patterns and problems and formulate solutions.
Experience with structured and unstructured data formats including csv, txt, json, and xml.
Experience with basic applied statistical techniques.
Ability to produce consistently high-quality output under strict deadlines.
Ability to communicate methods and findings verbally, in writing, and visually to technical and non-technical audiences.
Capable of working both independently, with direction, and as part of a diverse, multi-skilled team.
Capable of advancing multiple projects and priorities simultaneously.
Strong intellectual curiosity; demonstrated drive to master new skills, systems, and subject matter.

About our Company:
Connecting people’s aptitude & ambitions with our opportunities to deliver results.
22nd Century Technologies was established in 1997 and is headquartered in McLean VA. We are one of the leading IT services and solutions firm in the country with 12 regional offices and presence in all 50 states. We bring a mix of innovative technology and sector expertise to customers in defense, intelligence, civil, and healthcare markets. As our name implies, we are a forward thinking company with the ultimate goal of helping our customers implement innovative IT solutions that will satisfy their business needs. We combine real-world experience, specialized skills, innovative thinking, and industry knowledge to deliver quality IT solutions. At our core, we are about people - our customers and our employees.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer"" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply.""",3.4,"22nd Century Technologies
3.4","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
446,Senior Data Analyst,"$45k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","_\*\*This position is located in Irvine, CA. Relocation assistance may be offered.\*\*_*
Looking for an innovative, creative, passionate, and fun company in OC? Then, let us introduce ourselves. We are MobilityWare and we make fun for a living! Our mobile games have been rocking the app store since its inception and we regularly show up in top lists for most popular games. We recently reached over 350 million downloads across our portfolio of games!

We've been voted 2015, 2016, 2017 & 2018 Best Places to Work in Orange County by the Orange County Business Journal and OC Register! Headquartered in Irvine, CA., our flagship game, Solitaire, was released on the day the App Store opened in 2008. Other titles include Blackjack, FreeCell, Destination Solitaire and Spider Solitaire, to name a few. Our vision is to create the most exciting mobile games and have fun doing it.
Position Summary*
As a Data Analyst, you will support the product team within depth analyses related to in-game activity, user behaviors, retention, funnel and monetization analysis, and provide insights to enhance the user experience. Your work will directly influence what features are built, prioritization of the roadmap and estimate expected return on these efforts. Youll be responsible for creating, monitoring and building dashboards, models and ad hoc analyses to support product efforts to drive user retention and in-game monetization. In addition to the product team, you will work closely with the DBAs, Marketing, and Monetization teams to create actionable insights.
Responsibilities*
Create in-depth analyses, tools and dashboards to highlight the in-game behaviors that drive revenue activities and user retention
Work with our marketing and product teams to deliver insights into user performance and make recommendations that enhance the user acquisition activities
Work as a key member of the BI team to support in-game analyses including review of events captured, troubleshooting data discrepancies, and anomalies
Work closely with the monetization team on continuous forecasting of various revenue models
Stay up to date on current and upcoming innovations and capabilities in the mobile gaming space
Qualifications*
3+ Years Work Experience in *gaming, mobile gaming or lifestyle app analytics*, including experience with building predictive models
Bachelors degree (advanced preferred) in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Math, Economics or in Computer Science with Modeling/Data Science coursework
Advanced SQL skills
Familiarity with relational databases, MS SQL, data transformation, data mining, and ad hoc analysis
Experience with statistical inference and advanced analytics techniques (A|B testing, ANOVA, regression, decision trees etc.)
Understanding of basic Data Engineering principles like ETL and data warehousing
Familiarity with customer data platforms (CDP) like deltaDNA, LeanPlum, TreasureData etc.
Ability to work productively with others in a highly collaborative manner
Why you should work for us: *
Awesome Perks: free lunch, free snacks, free drink, free Annual Company trip
Casual workplace - yes, flip flops and shorts are pretty much an everyday thing
Growth, growth, growth - we are growing and we would love for you to join us on the ride
We also want to take care of our team so we've got profit sharing incentives, medical, dental (100% paid), vision (100% paid), Unlimited PTO/Vacation, life insurance (100% paid), and 401K
Awesome office smack dab in the middle of OC and 2 minutes off the 5 freeway
Amazing talent: We've got some heavy hitters from the industry who embody both brilliance AND humility
\_Indeed Hire and Mobilityware are working together to find the best candidate for this job. *\_
_\*By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application._\*

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
statistical inference: 3 years (Required)
Advanced analytics techniques: 3 years (Required)
relational databases: 3 years (Required)
building predictive models: 3 years (Required)
SQL: 3 years (Required)
mobile gaming or lifestyle mobile app data analysis: 3 years (Required)",4.4,"Mobilityware
4.4","Dallas, TX",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
447,Data Center Analyst,"$35k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","BASIC PERFORMANCE EXPECTATIONS: *
The IT Data Center Analyst is responsible for the delivery of IT services. The position is primarily responsible for the following:
Administration and maintenance of systems to ensure proper operation and availability.
Operation of data center processes and procedures, ensuring that all services and systems meet their operational targets.
Administration and control of all aspects of the scheduling, monitoring and control of operational workloads.
Administration and control of storage media, backup and recovery schedules, testing, storage planning, allocation, monitoring and decommissioning.
Secondary responsibilities include receiving, documenting, resolving, escalating, and monitoring the progress of issues and support requests reported to the IT Service Desk.

This position requires working in an IT support role with shift assignments and the ability to work under pressure to meet tight deadlines and performance goals.

Extensive work with end user and IT staff members is required to understand, improve, and enhance the usage of Information Technology in enterprise business processes.
ASSIGNED DUTIES: *
System Administration:

· Administer system hardware and software configurations

· Control production system hardware and software configurations

· Monitor systems and applications for proper operation and performance

· Apply vendor provided maintenance to systems and applications

· Detect, diagnose, isolate and correct system operational failures

· Support incident and problem management activities with system expertise and troubleshooting

Operations:

· Operate and implement all data center processes and procedures

· Investigate, diagnose, and take prescribed actions on all operational events, alarms and incidents

· Monitor all operations and services to ensure service quality is being delivered on a daily basis
Maintain daily operational logs and journals on all events, warnings, alerts and alarms, recording and classifying all messages; maintain all operational data collection procedures, mechanisms and tools
· Maintain all operational documentation, processes, management and diagnostic tools

· Ensure that all routine maintenance tasks are completed on all operational systems

· Ensure that all IT data center equipment is maintained according to policies and recommendations and perform regular checks on data center environmental equipment and conditions

· Develop and maintain system scripts that will enhance operational processes and procedures

· Participate in incident, problem, and change management activities

Scheduling:

· Prepare and maintain day-to-day workload schedules, including production changes, in line with scheduling guidelines

· Ensure that operational workloads are run according to their defined schedules

· Process ad hoc workload requests when requested and approved

· Develop and Administer automated scheduling tools and infrastructure

· Develop and maintain all necessary operational scheduling documentation

· Produce workload scheduling reports that report results of schedules and job runs in a timely fashion

Storage Management:

· Interface with other IT teams to ensure that all requirements are met by current backup and recovery policies

· Administer backup and recovery packages and tools

· Manage and maintain media and vaulting mechanisms

· Monitor backup jobs and schedules to ensure these take place without error

Service Desk:

· Promptly process all requests and problems that come into the service desk for the Information Technology Support Services and Facilities Services departments via phone, fax, e-mail, etc.

· Make the first attempt at incident resolution to minimize impact to business

· Provide service request routing and monitoring

· Follow prescribed support methodology and established escalation procedures

· Keep end users informed on the status and progress of requests and incidents

· Follow-up with end users to verify problem resolution

· Document the resolution of all problems personally resolved

· Record information into service desk software for tracking, analyzing and reporting functions

· Document problem solutions into the knowledge base and work with other support personnel in maintaining the knowledge database of support issues

Train team members on all of the above items.

Achieve and maintain a current level of knowledge and understanding of technology and related subjects by reading trade journals, attending user group meetings, specials seminars, trade shows, peer training sessions, and training classes and demonstrate this level of knowledge by achieving and maintaining current professional certifications as designated by management.

Proactively participate in the improvement of IT services by collecting and analyzing metrics and making recommendations for improvements in the processes, operations, technology and procedures used by ITSS to support enterprise goals.

Establish and maintain successful relationships with business users and and/or external clients/vendors.

Perform other job-related duties as assigned.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: *
One of the following:
An associate degree in an information technology related field, three years of recent technical systems administrator and application support experience, and two varied applicable professional IT certifications, such as data center administration, system administration, or backup administration.
OR
Graduation from a standard high school or vocational school, five years of recent technical systems administrator and application support experience, and three varied applicable professional IT certifications, such as data center administration, system administration, or backup administration.
Ability and flexibility to work various assigned shifts;

Demonstrated ability to work independently;

Ability to communicate tactfully, courteously, and effectively; and

Ability to maintain a positive attitude and respond to changing priorities and processes.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $20.73 - $33.72 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
systems administrator: 5 years (Required)
Education:
High school or equivalent (Required)
License:
applicable professional IT (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Company's website:
www.messa.org
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.0,"MESSA
4.0","East Lansing, MI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1960,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
448,Senior Data Analyst,-1,"RESPONSIBILITIES:
Kforce is looking for Senior Data Analysts. Qualified candidates will analyze and organize data in Excel and Database Management Systems to improve internal work efficiency. Produce market intelligence by querying data repositories and generating periodic reports. Conduct data analyses in strategic operational matters to provide process improvement recommendations using Python, SQL and Tableau. Present data visualization dashboards to better describe findings in financial analyses for the stakeholders. Communicate and update customers/account teams/Supply Chain management on project status and plans. Consolidate operational performance outcomes and strategy planning for the stakeholders at the management level. Interface with cross functional teams to drive actions on meeting project requirements.

REQUIREMENTS:
Requirements: Master's Degree or foreign degree equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Computer Applications, Information Technology, Technology Management or Engineering and six months' experience in position or six months' experience in IT or Data Analysis field (or Bachelor's Degree and five years' experience).

Special requirements: Experience with data analysis, Python, SQL and Tableau. Travel to various unanticipated client sites required. May reside anywhere in the United States.

Qualified candidates should 'Post Mail' their resumes to: * Kforce * Attn: Gordon Drijver * 1001 East Palm Ave * Tampa, FL 33605 * Reference Number: 14685 Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.",4.1,"Kforce
4.1","Tampa, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1966,Company - Public,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
449,"IT Risk, Data Analyst","$54k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Fitch Group is a global leader in financial information services with operations in more than 30 countries. Fitch Group is comprised of: Fitch Ratings, a global leader in credit ratings and research; Fitch Solutions, an industry-leading provider of credit risk products and services; and Fitch Learning, a preeminent training and professional development firm. With dual headquarters in London and New York, Fitch Group is owned by Hearst.

Fitch complies with all laws governing employment in each jurisdiction in which it operates, and provides equal opportunity to all applicants and employees. All applications will be considered without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, and other status protected by applicable laws.

Department Overview:

The IT Risk Data Analyst will support the Technology Risk department’s goal to develop its use of GRC tools as part of creating a cohesive enterprise-wide multi-disciplinary risk management program.

This role will provide leadership and guidance both to the Technology Risk team and to other internal areas within the Risk and Technology departments. This individual will act as the first line of defense and have responsibility of being the key data analyst for the department.

Job Responsibilities:
Lead key projects and overseeing project from a Business Risk perspective with focus on those that have a cross-functional impact (e.g., Risk Register, Controls Library, Incident Management, Metrics)
Build and implement the documentation standards and content to meet any internal and external needs
Produce and maintain Data Governance documentation and artifact based on Technology Risk standards and best practices
Create technical and business requirements for the Risk Data Warehouse (DW) platform and Metrics program. Key point person for creating business metrics and designing the dashboards needed by the clients.
Draft technical requirements and work with the GRC Risk Officer to consolidate multiple queues for JIRAs that are monitored by Tech Risk
Play a key role in defining, documenting and implementing key data governance processes (e.g., data quality issue management) and metrics
Must be a hands-on data analyst and be confident in analyzing datasets, understanding data structures in a RDBMS platform, API documentation, data models. This position is not a developer role but one where you will be comfortable understanding data flows, data dictionaries, and patterns of data flows and processing of data.
Desired Skills:
5+ years banking or financial services with experience in risk and data analysis. Previous experience working in Technology Risk, Information Security or similar Technology departments is required. Must have prior technical analyst positions.
Solid knowledge of data governance principles and processes
Hands on knowledge of Database tools, tables and API technical documentation. Knowledge of T-SQL is required. Knowledge of ETL processes and data processing.
Proven ability to collaborate with technical peers and management
Adept at creating Technical and Business requirements for data feeds. Must have the ability to effectively explain plans and solutions verbally to both technology and business units.
Capable of working independently with minimal supervision
Demonstrate a degree of creativity with strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and education required
Working knowledge of software security and GRC tools such as: Tenable, RSA Archer, MetricStream, Thycotic, Proof Point, Crowdstrike Falcon, Device42, JIRA
Proficient in MS Word, Excel, Visio, and Power Point
Proficient in creating dashboards with BI tools (e.g., Qlikview, Tableau)
Hands-on SQL knowledge in an RDBMS environment (SQL Server, Sybase). Oracle RDS or equivalent cloud exposure a plus.
Knowledge of CIS, NIST 800-53, COBIT, ISO 27001/02, FAIR frameworks
An understanding of common compliance standards and regulations (e.g., SOX, Dodd-Frank) is required
Fitch is committed to providing global securities markets with objective, timely, independent and forward-looking credit opinions. To protect Fitch’s credibility and reputation, our employees must take every precaution to avoid conflicts of interests or any appearance of a conflict of interest. Should you be successful in the recruitment process at Fitch Ratings you will asked to declare any securities holdings and other potential conflicts for you and your Family Members prior to commencing employment. If you, or your Family Members, have any holdings that may conflict with your work responsibilities, they must be sold before beginning work. In certain roles, employees and their Family Members may be limited to investments in diversified mutual funds only.

For more information about this policy, please visit the Code of Ethics and Conduct page.",3.7,"Fitch Ratings
3.7","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1913,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
450,Data Analyst,"$35k-$64k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is a part-time position working 20 hours per week. This is a limited term position ending September 30, 2020. This is a grant funded position and is not eligible for severance pay.

The Gerald J. and Dorothy R. Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy, established in 1981, is the only self-governing graduate and professional school of nutrition in North America. Its mission is to improve the nutritional well-being of people worldwide through the creation of new knowledge; the application and dissemination of information to inform evidence-based policy making; and the education and training of future leaders in the field. This mission is fulfilled by bringing together experts from the areas of clinical nutrition, social and public policy, and biomedicine. Faculty at the school include biomedical scientists, economists, epidemiologists, nutritionists, physicians, political scientists and psychologists who focus on a myriad of issues with the common thread of nutrition and its role in fostering the growth and development of human populations.

Some of the important research conducted by the Friedman School has included participation in two separate, five-year nutrition projects in Ethiopia. The first, Empowering New Generations to Improve Nutrition and Economic Opportunities (ENGINE) from 2011-2016, aimed to strengthen nutrition specific and nutrition sensitive (agriculture, education, social protection) programs to improve the health and nutritional status of pregnant women and children up to age five in select regions of Ethiopia. The second project, Growth through Nutrition, continues with some of the same objectives of ENGINE but with more of an emphasis on operational research, and a new component dealing with Water, Sanitation and Health (WASH). Growth through Nutrition, also, for the first time, includes a small grants research component.

Both ENGINE and Growth through Nutrition have generated an enormous amount of quantitative and qualitative data, only some of which has been analyzed to date. The role of the part-time data analyst is to assist in the continued analyses of existing data sets.

This part-time, limited appointment Data Analyst position based in Boston will assist Dr. Eileen Kennedy, Principal Investigator (PI) for Growth through Nutrition, to conduct analyses of existing data from ENGINE and Growth through Nutrition.

This description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other duties as assigned to meet the ongoing needs of the organization. The funding for this position is through September 30, 2020, with the possibility of extension.

Essential Functions:
Provide technical support in data cleaning and documentation of existing data sets
Carry out the analytical tasks specified in the analysis protocol developed by the PI
Prepare tables with analysis results, assist in interpretation and write-up of methods and results for publication
Conduct literature reviews to support the interpretation of results and any other related tasks as needed.

Qualifications

Basic Requirements:

1-3 years related experience;
Master’s Degree (or in progress) in nutrition, public health/epidemiology, biostatistics, or econometrics;
Microsoft Office Suite, fluency in SPSS or STATA
Ability to take initiative and to function independently; skills in creative problem-solving; capacity to respond to the pressure and multiple demands and timetable; takes responsibility for his/her tasks; brings energy and dedication to day-to-day duties; offers ideas for improving functioning of team and workplace.
Relevant graduate level training in statistics and data analysis; experience with both quantitative and qualitative analysis techniques; strong organizational skills; ability to work independently under deadlines; and familiarity with survey research methods.
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience working with large, complex data sets; experience with large longitudinal data sets.

Special Work Schedule Requirements:
This position will involve flexibility in working schedule. This is a part-time position working 20 hours per week.

An employee in this position must complete all appropriate background checks at the time of hire, promotion, or transfer.

Equal Opportunity Employer – minority/females/veterans/disability/sexual orientation/gender identity.

Primary Location: United States-Massachusetts-Boston
Job: Research
Organization: Friedman School of Nutrition
Employee Status: Limited Appointment

Schedule: Part-time
Job Posting: Jul 10, 2020, 11:11:53 AM",4.4,"TUFTS University
4.4","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1852,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
451,Data Analyst,"$51k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ECS is seeking a Business Analyst to work in our Washington, DC office. Please Note: This position is contingent upon contract award.

Job Description:
We are currently seeking a communicative, inventive, and enthusiastic Analyst to join our team. This role will develop requirements, define test scenarios, create process flows, develop plans and strategy (e.g. governance), formulate operations models and procedures, write design documents, work through issues and facilitate solution development.

About the Job

Understanding business requirements so that they may be accurately translated in system requirements
Understanding the design of moderately complex information systems so that functional issues may be understood, and business requirements can be properly defined for software development.
Helping to define how information systems may be upgraded or replaced
Conducting trade-off analyses on business and technical requirements
The ability to quickly develop a working understanding of the applicable programming languages, operating systems and databases that will be used on the projects and programs
Developing procedures, manuals and other documentation for information systems
Overseeing work of Analysts on specific tasks

Required Skills:

U.S. Citizenship is a requirement.
Bachelor’s Degree (Prefer IT Discipline)
Must successfully complete a stringent Background Investigation and obtain the required Government Security
Minimum of three (3) years’ experience in systems analysis and design of information systems program
Interest and experience in Data Governance and strategy

Desired Skills:

DHS Background a highly preferred.

ECS is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. ECS promotes affirmative action for minorities, women, disabled persons, and veterans.

ECS is a leading mid-sized provider of technology services to the United States Federal Government. We are focused on people, values and purpose. Every day, our 3000+ employees focus on providing their technical talent to support the Federal Agencies and Departments of the US Government to serve, protect and defend the American People.",3.8,"ECS Federal LLC
3.8","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2000,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
452,Tech Business/Data Analyst,"$41k-$77k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Title: Tech Business/Data Analyst

Location: New York, NY

Duration: 6+ Months

Responsibilities
Be embedded within any number of technology teams supporting different business lines or functions, with the goal of identifying and solving data quality issues by understanding and documenting their front-to-back architecture, processes and data flows, developing a roadmap for the evolution of that architecture and executing on the roadmap.
Leverage strong technical focus and demonstrable experience of architecting technology solutions along with deep business knowledge in a particular area to realize tangible business benefits through adopting the data strategy and architecture principles.
Develop and maintain relationships with stakeholders in both Technology and the Business outside your immediate area of expertise, and affect real change in both business process and technical architecture.
Be resilient to setbacks and relentless in the pursuit of the real strategic solutions for complex business problems
Additional responsibilities will be to engage in a number of division-wide front-to-back business problems, understand and document the impact, and propose and gain support for solutions
The role offers many opportunities to build a wide and diverse network and have a broad and deep impact across departments.
Excellent track record of business analysis, application product development and delivery of complex global projects in Financial services domain
Excellent communication and problem-solving skills
Project and Program management experience
Ability to work with senior stakeholders, bringing different teams together to execute on a plan towards a common goal.
Experience with Agile Software Development Lifecycle methodology and related tooling. For example - Agile plug-ins for JIRA, Scrum and Product backlog management, BDD using tools like JBehave or Cucumber etc.
Demonstrable experience in utilizing strong business and technology skills to solve data-centric business problems
Excellent understanding of data administration and management functions (collection, analysis, distribution etc.
A good understanding of information management practices including information lifecycle management, data modelling, master data management and carrying out business audits and requirements gathering
Experience in leading a data governance programmer
An understanding of relevant statutory frameworks applying to data governance such as the (eg Data Protection Act)
Specialist knowledge of data governance principles and practices
Experience in working with Business and Technology departments to develop and execute on a data strategy, data architecture to solve data quality issues, eliminate data redundancy and streamline front to back data flows
Demonstrated knowledge and skills in enterprise data management, data governance, data quality principles & methodologies.
Experience with data-centric tools and technologies around Data Lineage, Dictionaries, common data access APIs, golden source identification / master data management, ontology/taxonomy development, Data DevOps, Metadata management
Experience with curating, organizing and classifying the data with appropriate concept models and developing taxonomies and/or ontologies in RDF/OWL or other formal knowledge representation system
Experience working with various front-to-back groups like Sales and Trading, Quants, Operations, Finance, Treasury, Settlements, Documentation/Confirmations, Market Risk, Credit Risk, Liquidity Risk, Collateral and Margins; and understanding of data-centric issues that these groups face and possible solutions.
Understanding of various front, middle and back office functions including but not limited to Pricing, Trade Capture, RFQ, “Position, Risk and PnL Management”, physical settlement, various Lifecycle events (Unwind, Upsize, Redemption, Retirement, Autocall, Novations, Corporate Actions)
Excellent understanding of Equity Structured Products, OTC Derivatives and Swaps- Pre-trade and trade capture functions as well as front-to-back Lifecycle management.
Experience with front to back functions across multiple asset classes – Equity, Fixed Income, Commodities, FX, Credit etc.
Experience in designing and delivering computer applications via established software development lifecycle models like Agile; with a good understanding of phases in the lifecycle.
Technical background with emphasis on data architecture and data flows.
Experience with SQL for Sybase/DB2 databases
Experience with analysis, design, development and support of multi-tier desktop or server side distributed applications written using technologies like Java, C#, Perl, Python, Sybase/DB2, and Object Oriented Programming principles.
Be the primary point of contact for assigned pursuits to work with the sales team for developing strategies, collateral and solutions that meet the business needs of clients
Map the business requirement to the sales portfolio appropriate for clients
Work with each Service Line and Horizontal to ensure portfolio is translated and applied to each solution proposal correctly for maximum benefit in terms of cost, fit and strategy
Own a deal from assignment to closure and work with assigned sales staff to create the ideal winning proposal and execute on all presentations, submissions and internal approval processes
Qualifications / Minimum qualifications
Master’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science or Computational Mathematics or relevant experience developing applications for a global financial services institution; or Bachelor’s degree in same fields",1.0,"Sphinix Network Solutions Inc.
1.0","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
453,Data Analyst,"$43k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst (Little Ferry, NJ) -

Develop automated business review reports from the ground up, providing the cross-functional teams with the necessary tools to make timely business decisions, including key metrics and important; retail analytics; Work to develop omni-channel marketing campaigns targeted to purposefully steer customer behavior; Interpret, analysis of collected data using different tools, statistical techniques such as MS Excel and data management systems to provide accurate & reliable reports to the company; access data from internal databases and build and maintain data systems; develop a healthy data collection systems & sound strategies for getting quality data from different sources to use it to right place efficiently; prepare presentations, conducting research and maintaining quality of database systems; assist database administrators in database administration, design, security also timely maintenance of data base as well; prepare various statistical reports on operational performance on monthly, quarterly and annual basis; Prepare drafts and develops standards for different reports on data management systems; monitors, train and giving direction on the work of lower-level staff. Relocation/telecommuting may be required plus travel to various unanticipated client locations within the United States for short and long term assignments.

Languages, skills and tools: HTML, .NET, ASP.NET, C#, ASP, Web Service, XML, HTML, CSS, Visual Basic, Dreamweaver, SQL Server, MS Access, Visual Studio, Crystal Reports, CSS3, JQuery, Javascript, MVC, WCF, Web API, JSON, AJAX, T-SQL, TFS, GitHub, TeamCity, Octopus, MS Test, MS Build, SSRS, SOAP UI, Fiddler, Agile

Education : Bachelors in Computer Science/Computer Applications/Engineering (Electronics and Communication/Electrical) plus 2 years of progressive experience in related fields. Will accept foreign education.",3.5,"Fidelis Group
3.5","Little Ferry, NJ",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
454,Data Analyst,"$37k-$67k
(Glassdoor Est.)","SUMMARY

A mid-level position in the finance department reporting to the Senior Data Analyst or Financial Analysis Manager responsible for developing and overseeing various data management, analysis, and reporting solutions for key stakeholders across the organization.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by an individual assigned to this job. Other duties may be assigned.

• Provide support to teams and management by creating, maintaining, and analyzing reports to identify issues, trends, and opportunities.

• Collaborate with various departments to determine reporting needs as well as develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize efficiency and quality while driving business growth.

• Streamline existing, and introduce enhanced, modeling, reporting, and analysis solutions that leverage large, complex data sets derived from multiple sources.

• Interpret data model and report results and communicate meaningful insights to senior and executive management in a non-technical manner.

• Seek out new sources of data for incorporation into existing collection, analysis, and reporting workflows.

• Educate end users about features and functions of new reports and dashboards.

• Ad hoc requests, special projects, and other duties, as necessary.

EDUCATION/YEARS EXPERIENCE

• Bachelor’s degree in data science, analytics, statistics, economics, business, or other quantitative field.

• 1-2 years experience with data management, modeling, visualization, and analysis.

REQUIREMENTSTo perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES

• Capability of programming in SQL as well as R and/or Python (VBA and DAX a plus) and demonstrated experience working with large relational databases.

• General understanding of database design and development, data sources, and data feeds used to populate reports and dashboards.

• Familiarity with applications used to support data analytics, data visualization, and report and dashboard development such as Tableau, Power BI, and JD Edwards EnterpriseOne One View Reporting.

• Strong grasp of applied statistical tools and methodologies, including effective research design.

• Proficiency in Microsoft Office with advanced knowledge of Excel and Access.

• Exceptional interpersonal, analytical, problem-solving, and organizational skills with the capacity to handle multiple, high-priority projects with a keen attention to detail.

• Experience in the trading card, memorabilia, or toy/game industries highly preferred.

• Excellent oral and written communication skills with an ability to interface with all levels of the organization.

• Energetic intellectual curiosity with a desire to learn and apply new skills.

• Committed to contributing to a collaborative, adaptable work environment focused on team success.

• Ability to handle confidential or otherwise sensitive information with appropriate discretion.",2.8,"Upper Deck
2.8","Carlsbad, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1988,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
455,Data Analyst,"$39k-$72k
(Glassdoor Est.)","BrainPOP is an online K-12 educational solution that makes rigorous learning experiences accessible and engaging for all. Proven to raise academic achievement, BrainPOP has been a trusted resource to more than six million educators, and engages the hearts and challenged the minds of over 300 million learners worldwide.

BrainPOP provides endless opportunities for kids to take agency over their learning through playful, knowledge-building content and learner-driven projects, preparing them for success in the classroom and beyond.

We’re seeking a Data Analyst to grow our Data Team. This newly created position will report to the VP of Data and Prototyping. As the Data Analyst, you will be the primary data researcher for our Core Experience team which manages our flagship product. You will also help out with other product squads and data team needs throughout the company, and help build a data research practice at BrainPOP. You’ll be helping to improve a product that has reached millions of students around the world.

A Day in the Life
Using data insights to inform product teams as they execute new products
Cleaning and processing large-scale datasets
Growing and fostering data-driven company culture
Working with designers and user testing teams to set up experiments, and collect and analyze data
You Are
Enthusiastic about improving education for all students
Passionate about learning and always seeking opportunities to expand your knowledge
A team player with the time management and organizational skills to also work independently
Eager to tell stories through data
A thorough and creative problem solver
On Your Resume
Proficiency with R or Python, and with SQL
Demonstrated experience working with large-scale data sets
A basic understanding of multiple statistics techniques, ideally in the social sciences
Experience working in education or with educators, or a degree in an education-related field.
Excellent data communication skills
Nice to Have
Experience with LookML
Familiarity with evidence-centered design methodology
Experience designing and executing research projects
A Data Bootcamp, or a BA or MA in a related field
Life at BrainPOP

Our commitment to supporting and empowering teachers and students is reflected in our dedication to enhancing the lives of our employees—in and out of the office.

Our team is made up of educators, data scientists, published authors, engineers, artists, bakers, film buffs, cyclists, dual-citizens, and so much more. We value Diversity & Inclusion, collaboration and learning from multiple perspectives, and encourage people to bring their most authentic selves to work.

Besides offering a comprehensive benefits package and putting an emphasis on work-life balance, we make it a point to integrate fun and play into the workplace.

We offer:
Corporate Donation Matching
Medical, Dental, Vision and Paid Life Insurance
401K with a company match
Friends & Family BrainPOP Subscription
Learning & Development Stipend
Wellness Activities (ClassPass Membership)
Annual Performance Bonus & Equity Appreciation Plan
Company Events (happy hours, volunteering opportunities, trivia nights and monthly Town Halls)
What we do today directly impacts how teachers teach, and students learn. We continue to be inspired because we can see the difference we’re making and we’re proud to be a creative, collaborative, always-teaching and always-learning community.

Due to COVID-19, all BrainPOP employees will be working remotely through 2020.

We believe that a diverse organization is a more effective organization. BrainPOP is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.",4.3,"BrainPOP
4.3","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,K-12 Education,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
456,Data Solutions Analyst II - Data Visualization,"$46k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Could you be our next Data Solutions Analyst?

The Opportunity

Vallen’s Data Solutions Analyst II is an individual contributor position responsible for performing general analytics and statistical modeling on existing data sets for various products and processes. This position targets specific areas of opportunity and process improvement by identifying areas for increase efficiency and automation of the data analysis processes. The Data Solutions Analyst II examines and identifies data patterns and trends to help answer business questions and improve decision making. They collaborate with the Business and Information Technology teams to develop and submit data on both a regular and ad hoc basis. The Analyst uses data mining and complex data science processes to ensure data is accurately moved into targeted platforms. They gather and identify specific parameters and requirements necessary for customer compliance and business objectives.

Responsibilities Include:
Provide data-driven solutions to solve complex business problems leveraging business analytics tools & techniques, including Oracle SQL Server, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle Data Integrator, Stibo (STEP), Power BI, IBM Cognos and R Programming.
Collaborate with stakeholders to define data collection and requirements and establish clear business understanding to provide effective analysis and process automation. Work with key stakeholders in different functions to align and consolidate key operational performance metrics.
Identify opportunities to improve operational efficiency and accelerate business growth by supporting the Supply Chain and Business Technology Groups within Vallen.
Compile and mine data from a wide variety of data repositories such as CRM, Work Management, ERP, Data Warehouse and BI Applications. Validate data accuracy and confirm data quality to ensure consistent use across the business. Develop new modeling techniques and tools for analytics and reporting.
Promotes and consults on data management, governance, and data quality of master data requirements with other functional data owners to ensure master data integrity across the operation of systems are consistent and meets stated business rules and requirements.
Design and execute analytic projects; generate insights to support business decisions using advanced analytical techniques.
Translate quantitative analyses and findings into visuals for non-technical audiences. Provide clear interpretation of the data to effectively communicate findings and insights to senior executives, managers and key stakeholders.
Assists in the application and implementation procedures of data standards and guidelines on data ownership, coding structures, and data replication to ensure access to and integrity of data sets.
About Vallen

Vallen is an industry leader in delivering flexible supply chain solutions and services along with a comprehensive range of maintenance, repair, operating, production, safety and electrical products to meet the growing supply needs of customers in facilities across North America and around the world. Vallen is headquartered in Belmont, NC and is a subsidiary of Sonepar USA, part of the global Sonepar family.

Working at Vallen

At Vallen, we are committed to the success of our customers and our co-workers and do what it takes to get the job done right. We work diligently to improve and drive results that create value. We’re hands-on, responsive and team-oriented. We apply our insights, experience and relationships to find the best solution to every challenge. We hold ourselves to be personally accountable to do what we say we will do.

Qualifications & Benefits

Bachelor’s degree in a related field coupled with 5+ years work experience. Associate and 7+ years work experience

Relevant experience should include:
Experience and skill with data mining techniques such as classification, association, clustering, outlier detection, regression analysis, predictive modeling, anomaly detection and pattern tracking.
Specialized knowledge in pattern extrapolation and discovering new knowledge from the data to influence business decision.
Proficient with database query/management (local and SQL), Oracle, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, and various forms of ELT tools and/or applications.
Experience working with inventory management/product data, tools, and applications.
Experience using Stibo (STEP), Oracle Data Integrator, Oracle SQL Developer, Power BI, SmartSheet and Microsoft SharePoint is preferred.
Must be a self-starter and able to work independently and with little supervision.
Excellent customer service skills.


401(k) Plan, Health Insurance (medical, dental, and vision), Paid Vacation, Paid Sick, Paid Personal, Paid Holidays, Flexible Spending Accounts (Health and Dependent Care), Employee Assistance Program, Tuition Reimbursement, Employee Discounts and a definitive career path

EOE M/F/Disability/Veteran

#LI-LS1

Required Skills

Required Experience

Job Location
Ladson, US-SC",3.7,"Vallen
3.7","Ladson, SC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1865,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Wholesale,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
457,Data Analyst,-1,"Job details

Title Data Analyst 1017
Company Yeti Technologies
Salary 0
Company type Information Technology
Published on 2017-10-24
Apply before 2017-10-24
Job Details
PRIMARY FUNCTION:

The Data Analyst is an entry level position and is responsible for processing the data obtained from experiments performed according to protocol, facility SOP and the appropriate regulations. The analyst will gain familiarity with advanced analytics tools and techniques and will be accountable for evaluating and communicating impacts of business decisions

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS OF THE JOB:
Analyze data and use analytical tools and techniques
Monitor and evaluate patterns and trends
Generate standard reports for consistency in data analysis
Develop insight into member and provider performance and the variables affecting performance
Write and modify basic SQL programs for data extraction.
Provide user specific ad hoc reporting as requested.
Proactively seeks training and builds knowledge/experience of analytic tools, languages, and data sources
Produce spreadsheets, documents and presentations that are well-documented and easy to follow (i.e. Excel & PowerPoint)
PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS:
Experience in writing SQL
Proficient with Microsoft Excel
Performs other duties as assigned
Ability to work independently and in a strong team environment
Ability to project a positive attitude and high degree of self-confidence
Ability to effectively manage time
Strong analytical, research, and problem solving skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Programming knowledge (Python, C# or R) a plus
EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree or higher. Relevant major’s preferred (Finance, Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics or Information Technology.)",-1,Yeti Technologies,"Irving, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
458,Data Analyst,-1,"Zozimus is looking for a mid-level Data Analyst to be a key member of our Performance Marketing team reporting directly to the VP of Digital Performance and Analytics.

Essential Job Functions:
Derive, track, report on key performance indicators across a number of client accounts
Identify why accounts are, or are not hitting their goals to further optimize accounts
Own the data feeds across multiple accounts and platforms
Implement and test tracking prior to project delivery, including tracking tag generation from website analytics systems (e.g., GA 360/Adobe Analytics) and/or ad serving systems (e.g., DV 360, Conversant, Sizmek)
Aggregation of data from various sources (including but not limited to: site analytics, third party ad servers, social listening platforms, call center data, CRM, etc.) into integrated report templates or dashboards
Quality assurance of data throughput throughout the life of a campaign, including ongoing tracking, maintenance, and issue resolution with regard to measurement framework while programs are in market
Data review and analysis, as well as presentation of findings to internal teams and/or clients
Serving as the subject matter expert for reporting/visualization platforms from both data aggregation and data visualization standpoints
Supporting the overall Analytics vision for the agency, including ongoing refinement of processes, tools, and templates
Coach junior analytics team members
Preferred Requirements, Experience, and Skills
Hands-on experience with Google Data Studio, Power BI, Tableau, Datorama, Supermetrics, etc.
Experience with web site analytics (Google, Adobe), online ad platforms (Google Ads, Facebook, etc.)
Python, R, SQL
Proficient in Excel, Google Sheets (including custom scripting)
Interest in applied analytics – Your work will help our clients realize their marketing goals!
Detail-oriented and well organized
Strong qualitative and quantitative skills
Strong communication skills (written & verbal)
Ability to manage timelines and multitask across a variety of projects
Ability to work independently as well as part of a team

To apply send your cover letter and resume with the subject “Data Analyst"" to Vmariscal@zozimus.com",3.3,"Zozimus
3.3","Boston, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
459,Senior Data Content Analyst,"$45k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About us

Designed for unlimited discovery and unmatched safety, Epic isthe leading digital library for kids. With tens of thousands of high-quality books, audiobooks, and videos from the world's best publishers, every year millions of kids read, learn and explore on Epic.

To learn more about our vision to unlock the potential of every child, visit us at www.getepic.com.

About the job

Keeping kids engaged through a fun experience is the core of our service. If kids are not happy, nothing else matters. This is as core to Epic as it gets. Content is a key driver of engagement and developing deep content insights on what children like and how they interact with our content is core to our mission. We are looking for a Senior Data Content Analyst to increase our understanding of content drivers for engagement and optimize user engagement via awesome content!

What you will be doing
Build the most engaging content catalog from scratch
Develop an understanding of content engagement paths by title
Increase performance of our original content
Help build a world-class Analytics function
What you should have
Bachelor's degree + 4 years relevant experience or Masters degree + 2 years of relevant experience
Strong SQL and another programming language (preferably Python / R)
Strong analytics experience - good statistics background; experience with visualization tooling such as Looker or Tableau.
Experience working with ambiguity in business problem definition
Sharp business judgement and the ability to see past the noise in large datasets to synthesize and present actionable insights
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multitask and take on diverse projects in a dynamic environment
Exposure to Economics, Math, Statistics, Computer Science and/or Business.
Benefits
Full medical, dental and vision coverage
401(k) plan
Take as you need vacation plan
$80/month transportation reimbursement
Weekly yoga
Unlimited access to our product!",4.9,"Epic
4.9","Redwood City, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
460,Data Analyst,"$60k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analysts, Stafford, TX: Analyze, architect, design & dev data warehouse & BI Reporting solutions using Microsoft BI Stack including SQL Server, Oracle, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS(MDX & DAX) and Power BI. Convert functional reqs to high & low level design documents. Bach degree or foreign equiv degree in Info Sys, Comp Sci or related+ 24 mos rel exp. 2 years of experience developing data warehousing, BI projects, w/Power BI, in SSPS Statistics & Rapid Minor. Microsoft SQL Server Certification is required. Travel/relocate to various unanticipated locations.

Send res to Pareto Systems LLC

4434 Bluebonnet Dr, Ste 158, Stafford, TX 77477.",4.3,"Pareto Systems
4.3","Stafford, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
461,Data Analyst,"$39k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job no: 495633 Work type: Regular Full-Time Location: Bethesda, MD Capability Area: Business Ventures and Innovation

JOB DESCRIPTION:

NORC at the University of Chicago is seeking a Data Analyst on our BEAD team. At NORC, Data Analysts work with our Data Scientists, and play a strategic role in supporting our research teams to produce valuable insights for our clients. They work collaboratively and help break down silos and barriers across the company to help drive innovative work. Under the leadership of Data Scientists, the Data Analysts contribute to the design and implementation of algorithms, models, and work flows to discover valuable information in large volumes of data from various sources; organizes, harmonizes, and analyzes data sets; uses various technologies to enable data visualization; and creates applications of general value to the company’s business.

Due to current COVID-19 safety measures, employees who can work from home, are required to do so. Once it is safe to resume standard practices of commuter travel and social interaction per government guidelines, we expect employees to maintain an office presence as required by projects needs and department leadership. This position in particular will be on-site at a Federal client several days a week once it is safe.

DEPARTMENT:

The Behavioral and Economic Analysis and Decision-Making (BEAD) team at NORC provides clients with actionable insights on critical policy and business issues. Applying rigorous, state-of-the-art methods from the fields of consumer behavior, judgment and decision-making, behavioral finance, household economics, cognitive science, experimental methods, and statistical analysis, BEAD obtains fact-based empirical evidence and distills the results into comprehensive, understandable, and usable reports and recommendations.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Gathering results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to moderate to complex data mining.
Support the presentation of data by developing charts, graphs and tables.
Under close supervision, maintains databases/data systems, data dictionaries, etc.
Perform other duties as assigned.

REQUIRED SKILLS:
Bachelor's Degree in Math, Statistics, or Economics.
0 - 2 years experience in positions working with large datasets and conducting statistical and quantitative modeling, melding analytics with basic programming, data mining, clustering and segmentation. Domain expertise preferred.
Strong written and verbal communication including technical writing skills.
Basic data programming skills in statistical packages and database tools. Proficiency in R required.

WHAT WE DO:

NORC at the University of Chicago is an objective, non-partisan research institution that delivers reliable data and rigorous analysis to guide critical programmatic, business, and policy decisions. Since 1941, our teams have conducted groundbreaking studies, created and applied innovative methods and tools, and advanced principles of scientific integrity and collaboration. Today, government, corporate, and nonprofit clients around the world partner with us to transform increasingly complex information into useful knowledge.

WHO WE ARE:

For over 75 years, NORC has evolved in many ways, moving the needle with research methods, technical applications and groundbreaking research findings. But our tradition of excellence, passion for innovation, and commitment to collegiality have remained constant components of who we are as a brand, and who each of us is as a member of the NORC team. With world-class benefits, a business casual environment, and an emphasis on continuous learning, NORC is a place where people join for the stellar research and analysis work for which we’re known, and stay for the relationships they form with their colleagues who take pride in the impact their work is making on a global scale.

EEO STATEMENT:

NORC is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer that values and actively seeks diversity in the workforce. NORC evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, and other legally- protected characteristics.

Advertised: May 18, 2020 Eastern Daylight Time Applications close:",3.1,"NORC at the University of Chicago
3.1","Bethesda, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1941,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
462,Data Analyst,-1,"About Us::

Cedent is a rapidly growing, young and team-oriented organization. Our mission is to provide expertise and counsel rather than resources. We encourage the formation of joint teams with client staff to take a project from inception to implementation. Through this philosophy we provide identifiable business benefits in the most economical manner.Cedent enables business results by being a 'Value Added partner'. It offers integrated portfolio of services to its clients in the areas of Consulting, System Integration for key-industry verticals. Our resources bring their unique perspectives and insight based on their individual experiences, which leads to breakthrough outcomes for our clients. Our people make the difference by consistently delivering outstanding value to our customers.

Job Description:
1) Experience in SQL/ Scope scripting
2) Knowledge of Big Data pipelines/Data Engineering
3) Working Knowledge on MSBI stack on Azure
4) Hands-on in Visualization like PowerBI
5) Knowledge in Marketing Domain and Audience targeting, Segmentation specifics, Campaign Operations
6) Knowledgeable in Marketing Automation, Identify repetitive labor intensive tasks and automate/RPA/Chatbots
7) Data Discovery and Analysis
8) Excellent Communication, Status reporting, Analysis Skills on Campaign Operations

Responsibilities:
:
1) Campaign Operations and Automation using proprietary tools
2) Campaign Data Analysis and reporting
3) Audience Sizing and Writing Segmentation Queries for Campaigns
4) Create/Maintain and Enhance Big Data Pipeline
5) Requirement Analysis, collaboration with Content team, translation of Req to Scripts and operations
6) Daily status reporting, interacting with other vertical/pod

You Will Enjoy:
An opportunity to be a part of a great culture, an awesome team, a challenging work environment, and some fun along the way!
Apply today to learn more and be part of the Growth story.
All applications will be kept strictly confidential and once shortlisted , our team will be in touch with you for further discussions.",-1,CEDENT,"Redmond, WA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Contract,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
463,Data Analyst,"$68k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst:
Responsibilities:
65533Writing complex SQL queries.
65533Analyzing and tuning SQL queries.
65533Writing ETL and ELT jobs using various tools and programming languages.
65533Importing and exporting large amounts of data in formats like Parquet, CSV, JSON, XML, etc.

Qualifications:
65533Strong foundation in computer science and OOP
65533Strong experience with SQL Python
65533Experience in AWS environment, understanding of AWS services, Datalake/S3
65533Experience with web services.
65533Ability to troubleshoot queries, stored procedures, functions, packages and triggers.
65533Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills.
65533Exposure to machine learning is a plus",3.2,"Virtusa
3.2","Fremont, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
464,Data Analyst,-1,"Number of positions : Multiple

Position Duties: Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports, Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality. Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets. Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems, work with management to prioritize business and information needs

Education & Experience Requirements: Candidate must have at least BS Computer Science, Information Management or Electronic Engineering. Business Objects, databases (SQL etc), programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks), BTEQ, FastExport, FastLoad, MultiLoad, Tpump, TPT, OLE DB, SQL, Teradata, MS SQL Server, DB2, Sybase and Access",4.0,"Dizer Corp
4.0","Painesville, OH",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
465,Oracle Data Analysts,"$36k-$69k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title : Oracle Data Analysts
Location: New York City, NY.

Must have Healthcare experience:
Bachelor's degree with 8+ years of work experience in data analysis and visualization.
Experience in preparing and conducting extensive business analysis and studies, process
assessments, data analysis and cost benefit analysis in an effort to support data driven strategies.
Minimum 4 years of experience working with healthcare data and helping businesses make better data driven decisions.
Minimum 4 years of strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills
Experience with various data platforms.
Proficiency in PL/SQL coding with ETL
Willingness to participate in team oncall rotation, and perform off hours work as needed.

Central Business Solutions, Inc,
37600 Central Ct.
Suite #214
Newark, CA 94560.",3.0,"Central Business Solutions, Inc
3.0","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
466,Data Analyst,"$46k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary

This position is located in the Office of Workforce Planning, Policy, and Systems

Management, Office of Human Capital and Talent Management. The Systems Management Team is responsible for developing and supporting agency-wide HR Information Systems (HRIS) related to both Civil Service and Foreign Service human capital programs. While USAID integrates the data flow between systems when possible, there are several systems that require that data be extracted and loaded into other systems.

The primary function of this position is to extract and load data from various HRIS into other HRIS.

The statements contained in this job description reflect general details as necessary to describe the principal functions of this job, the level of knowledge and skill typically required, and the scope of responsibility. It should not be considered an all-inclusive listing of work requirements. Employee may perform other duties as assigned, including work in other functional areas to cover absences or relief, to equalize peak work periods or otherwise to balance the workload.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Produces recurring and ad hoc reports and extracts from HRIS.
Creates or edits basic reports in HRIS.
Loads extracts into HRIS following standard operating procedures.
Validates successful loading of data; identifies errors or issues with data extracts and/or loads.
Troubleshoots and investigates basic inquiries related to data loads.
Tests changes in data load procedures and/or data mapping.
Validates data dictionaries for HRIS.
Creates and/or updates SOPs related to data extraction and loading.
Creates and/or analyzes metrics.
Performs data entry and/or correction.
Serves as a tester for User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for new functionality in HRIS.
Performs administrative duties, such as coordination of routing correspondence, coordinating meetings, and organizing documentation.
Perform other duties as assigned or required.

Travel Requirements

0 - 10%

Salary Grade

Job Requirements

Education and/or Experience

1-2 years of relevant experience, preferably within the federal government.

Qualifications and Requirements
Strong Microsoft Excel skills
Attention to detail
Experience with extracting and/or loading data a plus
Strong problem solving skills
Skilled in both oral and written communications
Exceptional customer service skills to meet the requirements of a demanding customer base under tight deadlines
Experience using case management systems to respond to customer inquiries a plus
Must have authorization to work in the United States as defined by the Immigration Reform Act of 1986.
MUST BE ABLE TO OBTAIN AND MAINTAIN USAID FACILITY ACCESS

Category

Human Resources

Location

USAID EH - Washington, DC 20004 US (Primary)

Education

High School",4.1,"Cape Fox Shared Services
4.1","Washington, DC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
467,Data Analyst,"$31k-$56k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Coordinates, reviews, and compiles specialized research genomics data in a national consortium database. Facilitates analysis and data reporting requirements, preparing database for public access. Much of this part-time work can be performed by distance computing, making use of the Internet, email, and the telephone, with occasional meeting with supervisor and other members of database team.

Responsibilities
Reviews and analyzes data according to database or experimental protocols. May be involved in identifying and/or acquiring data through collaboration with researchers within a national consortium.
Designs and compiles special reports in response to internal and external requests in order to provide accessible data for reliable analysis, management review, research purposes and/or reporting requirements.
Acquires and stores accurate data in a computer data base for subsequent retrieval to provide dependable analysis and reporting.
Plans, compiles, analyzes, and produces data reports to facilitate reporting requirements and decisions necessitating analytical input.
Participates in the planning and design of data reporting forms and formats to establish data record systems and documents.
May be responsible for computer data entry of target data for storage and accurate and timely retrieval.
This job description is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

Work Environment and Level of Frequency typically required

Nearly Continuously: Office environment.

Physical Requirements and Level of Frequency that may be required

Nearly Continuously: Sitting, hearing, listening, talking.

Often: Repetitive hand motion (such as typing), walking.

Seldom: Bending, reaching overhead.

Minimum Qualifications

Two years experience in data analysis or related research experience, or equivalency required. Experience in computer based data systems management, plus the ability to express statistical and demographic concepts in clear terms, both orally and in writing is preferred.

Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.

Preferences

Familiarity with genetics, genomics and experimental molecular biology terminology is highly advantageous.

Special Instructions Summary",4.2,"University of Utah
4.2","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,1850,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
468,Data Analyst,-1,"RGP is a global consulting firm helping some of the most recognized companies in the world work differently. Our success comes from a shared belief in rolling up our sleeves and doing the hard work of solving complex challenges, executing plans and implementing technology to help transform organizations.

Working as a consultant you will be connected to work that matters, putting your expertise to its best use while developing skills for the future. The result is a career defined by you, supported by RGP and built on tangible accomplishments.

As we continue to grow and deepen our impact on organizations around the world, we are looking for the right people to join us on our mission. If you are interested in being part of our team, there a few things you should know:
We are energized by challenges and the effort needed to solve them.
We like working with people who are positive, adaptable and growth-minded.
We care how work gets accomplished and are deeply invested in the success of our clients and our colleagues.
If this sounds like you, we invite you to read on and learn more.
THE RGP CONSULTING EXPERIENCE
RGP has a unique consulting model that provides opportunities for consultants to work in different ways. Most consultants work in a model where they have the flexibility and autonomy to choose projects aligning to their experience, skills and desired lifestyle. Other opportunities exist in team-based, strategy and solutions work. In all models, you will feel the full support of RGP to assist you in your work and guide you on your chosen path.
PURPOSE OF THE ROLE
As a Data Analyst, you will assist business leaders in making improved business decisions through the analysis of large data sets, creation of comprehensive reports and informed recommendations.

ATTRIBUTES OF CONSULTANTS WITH RGP
Respect for people and opinions and confidently offer your point-of-view with clients and among colleagues
A drive for proactively cultivating relationships with clients and colleagues
Optimism when faced with challenges and complex situations, coupled with the drive to solve client issues
Dedication to continuous improvement and development of your skillset and talents
A strong personal identification with RGPs values loyalty, integrity, focus, enthusiasm, accountability and talent
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE ROLE
Analyze, manipulate, profile and extracts large data sets
Assist with documenting requirements
Build, review and modify data reports
Transfer knowledge to client team members to enable them to be self-sufficient in building and maintaining reports to address future needs
DESIRED EXPERIENCE AND REQUIREMENTS
Bachelors Degree in Finance, Accounting, MIS or other related business discipline required
5 to 10 years of data analysis experience
Strong understanding of financial statements and the interrelationship of the income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flows, including account reconciliation and financial analysis skills
Excellent interpersonal communication skills
Capable of working independently; a self-starter
Experience with SAP or Oracle software required, including the ability to access reports and data as needed
Intermediate to Advanced Excel skills required, including strong data retrieval and downloading abilities, and proficiency with macros, PowerBI, PowerPivot, etc.
Technical capability in one or more of the following: SQL, Tableau, QlikView, Cognos, ERWin, etc. strongly preferred
Equal Opportunity Employer
RGP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information or veteran status, and encourage all applicants to apply.",4.0,"RGP
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
469,Data Analyst,"$52k-$86k
(Glassdoor Est.)","One of the largest mutual life-insurance companies in the United States, and one of the largest life insurers in the world, is seeking a Data Analyst for its Jersey City location.

Responsibilities:
Primary responsibilities would be business analytics utilizing techniques such as statistical analysis, predictive modeling and data mining.
This person may be expected to identify analytical requirements from an internal client or the business and how best to interpret data.
The data analyst may be expected to work with IT to retrieve data that’s needed and work closely with a reporting analyst to best present data.
They should also be able to create and design reports.

Technical Expertise:
Needs to communicate clearly through impactful data visualization.
Expert in BI Tools (Tableau) and deep understanding of relational data bases (Oracle) to be able to create insights from large data sets.
Strong SQL experience to blend data from various data sources to produce actionable information.
Strong data visualizations skills for ""story-telling"" through data.
Should be able to simplify complex processes into easy to understand new Dashboard screens or enhancements to existing screens, developing test plans, testing key changes.

Problem Solving:
Ability to understand a complex data environment and dig through numerous data sources to make recommendations on how the various data sources could be blended in creative dashboards.
Ability to work on their own, with a team and to think outside the box in coming up with solutions.

Qualifications:
Requires a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field and 1-4 years of relevant experience.

Why Consider a Contract/Temp Role?
Get a foot in the door while evaluating your fit with an employer
Fill in the “gap” while you continue to look for a permanent role
Build your resume by developing new skills, experiences & references
Some companies only use professional recruiting firms to fill jobs

Visit us at www.phytontalent.com for more information.

Phyton Talent Advisors is a proud winner of theInavero’s 2017 Best of Staffing® Client Award & Named by Forbes as One of America’s Best Professional Recruiting Firms

As an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer, by choice, Phyton Talent Advisors will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, creed, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, marital status, citizenship, physical and mental disability, criminal record, genetic information, predisposition or carrier status, status with respect to receiving public assistance, domestic violence victim status, a disabled, special, recently separated, active duty wartime, campaign badge, Armed Forces service medal veteran, or any other characteristics protected under applicable law.",3.6,"Phyton Talent Advisors
3.6","Jersey City, NJ",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
