,Job Title,Salary Range,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Associate Data Scientist,"$62k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB SUMMARY
The Credit Services Risk Management team is a large and complex critical function for company success. We are staffed with highly-skilled and motivated individuals with a large emphasis on analytical abilities & problem solving skills. The Associate Data Scientist will build predictive models used for underwriting and/or collections functions. This person will research and recommend new data sources to improve models and design tests to measure the effectiveness for various strategies implemented.

MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Responsible for the entire end-to-end data science process from ETL to building models, to deploying the model into the workflows to measuring the financial impact.
Partner with others to implement models in production and conduct post-launch testing and enhancement
Actively and consistently support all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experience
Responsible for the selection of appropriate algorithms and execution
Responsible for interpretation of results for both causal inferences and predictive effectiveness
Synthesize appropriate recommendations for action and changes
Present findings, suggested actions and changes to a broad audience, and manage follow-ups and execution
Help teach and explain techniques and tools used to a broad set of business-intelligence, data, and analytics professionals with varied backgrounds
Provide coaching and mentoring to achieve a high-performing team
Manage internal client relationships, including issue resolution, and overall accountability for results and client satisfaction
Exercise thought leadership and discretion in tailoring the tools, approaches, and data used to meet the needs of the particular problem
Perform other duties as required
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
Predictive analysis experience using SAS/Python/R;
Experience in building Logistic Regression models, Random Forest models, XGBoost models, and Experimental Design.
Experience in data pre-processing and exploratory data analysis using a variety of techniques
Understand the theoretical background of each statistical test and model, inside and out.
Basic understanding of data architecture, data warehouse and data marts
Ability to communicate orally and in writing in a clear and straightforward manner
Ability to plan, prioritize and organize effectively
Ability to adapt to change
Detail oriented, self-motivated, proactive and results driven
Highly energetic; ability to partner across business lines; a go-getter who seeks out information and does not wait for others to reach out
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Strong expertise in SQL.
Experience in using large databases; conducting complex analysis using more than one languages above
Expert-level logical and analytic skills
Broad experience and solid theoretical foundation on the modeling process using a variety of algorithms
Demonstrated ability and desire to continually expand skill set, and learn from and teach others
Ability to explain complex analysis results in an easy-to-understand language
Advance skills in Excel, PowerPoint and Access
Excellent quantitative analysis skills
Ability to create conceptual frameworks enabling the analysis of varied business problems
Education
B.S. in quantitative sciences, including statistics, engineering, computer science, Business with focus on analytics. M.S. in Statistics or Data Science will be highly preferred

Related Work Experience
2+ years experience solving business problems through deep analytics and with predictive modeling techniques (with a Bachelors Degree) OR,
1+ years experience solving business problems through deep analytics (with a Masters Degree)
Industry experience in Financial services, insurance or actuarial services or medical research preferred but not required
WORKING CONDITIONS
Office Environment",3.0,"SPECTRUM
3.0","Stamford, CT",-1,10000+ Employees,2016,Subsidiary or Business Segment,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,$10+ billion (USD),-1
1,Data Scientist (Mid-Level) - 100% Remote Available,"$71k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Purpose of Job
**100% Remote Work Available**
USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.
In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.
Uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets and method to enable analytical solutions; Applies predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications; participates in building analytical solutions leveraging internal and external applications to deliver value and create competitive advantage; Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees
Job Requirements
Partners with other analysts across the organization to fully define business problems and research questions; Supports SME's on cross functional matrixed teams to solve highly complex work critical to the organization.
Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions.
Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives.
Supports Subject Matter Experts (SME's) on efforts to develop scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation.
Works with IT to research architecture for new products, services, and features.
Develops algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data.
Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees to enable understanding and drive informed business decisions.
Minimum Requirements
Master's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field. 6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
4 or more years of related experience and accountability for complex tasks and/or projects required.
Proficient knowledge of the function/discipline and demonstrated application of knowledge, skills and abilities towards work products required.
Proficient level of business acumen in the areas of the business operations, industry practices and emerging trends required.
Preferred Requirements
Expertise in experimental design, advanced statistical analysis, and modeling to discover key relationships in data and applying that information to predict likely future outcomes; fluent in regression, classification, tree-based models, clustering methods, text mining, and neural networks.
Proven ability to enrich (add new information to) data, advise on appropriate course(s) of action to take based on results, summarize complex technical analysis for non-technical executive audiences, succinctly present visualizations of high dimensional data, and explain & justify the results of the analysis conducted.
Highly competent at data wrangling and data engineering in SQL and SAS as well as advanced machine learning (ML) techniques using Python; comfortable in cloud computing environments (Azure, GCP, AWS).
Hands-on experience developing products that utilize advanced machine learning techniques like deep learning in areas such as computer vision, Natural Language Processing (NLP), sensor data from the Internet of Things (IoT), and recommender systems; along with transitioning those solutions from the development environment into the production environment for full-time use.
PhD in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Operations Research, Statistics, or related field with coursework in advanced Machine Learning techniques (Natural Language Processing, Deep Neural Networks, etc).
Fluent in deep learning frameworks and libraries (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, etc).
Highly skilled in handling Big Data (Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Kafka, etc).
Experience in reinforcement learning, knowledge graphs and graph databases, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), semi-supervised learning, multi-task learning is a plus.
Experience in publishing at top ML, computer vision, NLP, or AI conferences and/or contributing to ML/AI-related open source projects and/or converting ML/AI papers into code is a plus.
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.",3.6,"USAA
3.6","San Antonio, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1922,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
2,Data Scientist,"$79k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientists

Job Description
Join an elite group dedicated to continuous personal improvement as GCT is currently seeking Data Scientists of all levels to support an intelligence agency with insights gained from analyzing voluminous sensor data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Candidates must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

Clearance: TS/SCI w/Full scope polygraph (or used within the past 24 months)

Education/Experience Requirements

Senior Positions:
Masters degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, or extensive comparable experience
10+ years of relevant experience
Junior/Intermediate Positions
Completed B.S. in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a closely related technical field
3-9 years of relevant experience
Qualifications
Experience using statistical computer languages (SAS, SPSS, R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights fromlarge data sets
Experience working with and creating data architectures
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong problem solving skills
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques
Desired Skills
Experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models
Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.
Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, Bayes, etc.
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.
Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, DigitalOcean, AWS, etc.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc.
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, etc.
The success of Great-Circle Technologies depends on the success and well-being of its employees. GCT promotes work/life balance and encourages the overall well-being of each of its contributors. A comprehensive benefits package is provided, which currently includes company paid single medical, dental, life, disability, and long-term care insurances (with contributions to family premiums,) matching 401k plan, 34 days off per year including 10 Federal holidays plus the day after Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year’s eves!

Join us at Great-Circle Technologies, where innovation is the shortest distance between two points.

Great-Circle Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Great-Circle Technologies ensures all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, ethnic background, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, or protected veteran status.",2.2,"Great-Circle Technologies
2.2","Chantilly, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
3,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ADVANCED INSPECTION SYSTEMS,"$58k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


The Intelligent Systems Division develops automated solutions for commercial and government clients in multiple domains including transportation (traffic management, connected automated vehicle), manufacturing robotics, medical prognostics and communication standards.


Objectives of this Role:

Leverage embedded development, machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data techniques to advanced analysis and development of high reliability software and custom sensing technologies.

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Develop technical solutions for high reliability software and custom sensing applications.
Promote developed solutions in technical industry through conference presentations and/or research paper publications.
For more information about the position see:
https://www.swri.org/leak-detection
https://www.swri.org/industries/machine-learning-technologies
https://www.swri.org/industry/chemical-analysis-services/mass-spec-data-analysis

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors or a Masters or a PhD with a 3.00 GPA in BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or other related disciplines.
0-5 years in software development or engineering
Course work or experience in more than one of the following: embedded systems, signal processing, machine learning/artificial intelligence, FPGA development, sensors and instrumentation, Python Programming
Strong software skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills required
Ability to work in project team environments and independently
Excellent problem-solving skills and driven by challenging problems
Aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
4,"Senior Data Scientist, Zoro",-1,"Company Summary:
Zoro.com is an eCommerce company that sells business supplies, equipment, and tools—but we’re much more than just a website. We’re a team of people who win and lose together (we prefer winning!). Since 2011, Zoro has been working hard to make it easy for our customers to purchase everything they need to make their businesses go. Zoro currently offers 3 million products, fast and free shipping, no-hassle returns, and exceptional customer service. We’ve grown quickly in a short time, recently surpassing 400 team members and reaching annual revenue of over $500 million. Add to that our award-winning culture—we were named a Great Place to Work for 2019-20, among other accolades—and we think Zoro is a pretty amazing place to work and grow.

Primary Function:
Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of Zoro’s customer, product, eCommerce, and pricing plans. The Data Science team covers a broad scope of projects including customer segmentation, A/B testing, marketing investment optimization, predictive modeling, promotion forecasting, and pricing analysis. We are closely integrated with our business leaders and support their ability to make critical decisions. At Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead data science projects from beginning to end: develop and refine the idea, create a project plan and methodology, collaborate with business partners, execute, and provide recommendations for the company
Collaborate with other data scientists to develop and implement algorithms, write code, evaluate relevant academic research, and deliver outputs
Advise the company about tools, data sources, and best practices to facilitate digital marketing, pricing, and web analytics
Build predictive and inference models using Python and R to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, or channel investment optimization
Document code and data science processes that are critical to the company, and develop strategies to ensure those processes are robust and fault-tolerant
Communicate findings to business leaders and colleagues using data visualizations, presentations, and written means

Qualifications:

Experience leading data science projects that have a direct impact on company objectives
Demonstrated ability to assist business decision-making through data mining and machine learning
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions
5+ years’ progressive business experience in areas including marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, or statistical modeling. Experience using data science or advanced analytics in an Internet retailer or a top-tier consumer-focused company is required
Ability to translate complex business problems into project plans and solve them by analyzing large amounts of data
Familiarity with Python or R for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and cloud-hosted data platforms (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, etc)
Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker, and ability to communicate results to business partners
Master’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, or Economics
Knowledge of web tracking technology and web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) a definite plus

Final note: We share a commitment to our Zoro values – Win & Lose Together (We prefer winning!), Take Ownership, We Are Transparent, and Aspire to be Customer-Obsessed. Everything we do at Zoro is centered around delighting our customers. It's a natural extension of our company culture and how we care for each other. We believe when we act in ways that are consistent with these values, we can solve any technical challenge that lies ahead of us. As a Zoro employee, you can expect to work with smart, energetic people, learn something every day, and be valued for your perspective.

Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.",2.0,"Zoro Tools
2.0","Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
5,LEAD COMPUTER SCIENTIST - LEAD ENGINEER - PRINCIPAL ENGINEER - SPACE AVIONICS,"$77k-$150k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


As a recognized leader in space systems, SwRI develops avionics, data storage, and on-orbit processing electronics enabling next generation missions throughout the solar system.


Objectives of this Role:

As part of SwRI’s Space Avionics Flight Software Team, you’re work will benefit humankind through enabling scientific discoveries, improved weather forecasting, in-orbit satellite servicing, and revolutionizing on-orbit processing.

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Lead, design, develop, and verify mission, spacecraft and instrument flight software for a variety of space applications applying sound software engineering disciplines and practices.
Perform and direct all phases of the system lifecycle including proposal development, applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation.
Perform software project management functions including project planning, cost and schedule development, progress tracking against plans, programmatic and technical reviews, etc.
Support related systems engineering activities and maintain relationships with other technical disciplines and project functional areas.
Interact and interface with clients including developing technical presentations. Travel to client and team organization facilities is required and varies by project.

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors with a 3.00 GPA in Software Engineering, Software Development, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related
At least 8 years of direct experience designing software for high reliability embedded systems. Experience in working with hardware preferred
Must be able to work independently and in project team environments
Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail
Must be an embedded systems software designer/developer, have experience with real time operating systems, and be familiar with the design of real-time systems. Proficiency in C/C++ for embedded systems, including algorithm and data structure design required
Experience with networking/socket programming and Python, as well as, familiarity with VxWorks, embedded Linux, RTEMS OS for embedded systems
Interest and/or experience in working with hardware and direct space flight design experience a plus
Excellent Communication Skills and the ability to thrive in a collaborative team environment
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas | Austin, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Space Science & Engineering home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
6,Data Scientist,"$101k-$162k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Transforming the future of healthcare isnt something we take lightly. It takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an impact.
As one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities.
Here at Change Healthcare, were using our influence to drive positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life.

If youre ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company thats committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare.
Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include all.
Empower Your Future. Make a Difference.


Title:

AI Data Scientist

Overview of Position

The Data Scientist will be responsible for supporting Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Data Science solutions for Change Healthcare, reporting to an AI Data Science leader under the Chief AI Officer. Were looking for data scientists with a passion for artificial intelligence to help drive a new generation of data and machine learning enabled services and products to impact healthcare.

You will enjoy working with a highly talented and diverse team of data scientists specializing in deep learning, active learning, and classical machine learning, one of the richest data sets in US healthcare, nearly limitless cloud compute resources including Spark clusters and GPUs, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products.

The ideal candidate will have a background in machine learning, have experience working with large data sets, and have some experience in building and deploying data-driven innovative AI solutions. You are focused on results, a self-starter, able to put the customer first, team first, and have demonstrated success in using data science to develop and deploy AI solutions with a focus on customer impact. You also are able to rapidly prototype new ideas and methods to deliver quality code that is testable and concise.

What will be my duties and responsibilities in this job?
Use AI/ML technologies to innovate current Chang Healthcare operations. The tasks of innovation include, but not limited to: Smart revenue management, Intelligent payment platform, medical chart reading, code reading with noisy and incomplete OCR documents, Conversational AI to facilitate customer services and other healthcare related use cases
Work closely with business and operations to understand the business requirements. To be able convert ambiguous requirements to mathematical AI models that can be trained and deployed to solve business problems
Have strong implementation skills to the proposed solutions and work closely with engineering team to create product pipelines that are scalable and flexible
Willing to work in an agile and fast-moving working environment
Passion for learning and innovating at new AI technologies that can facilitate future projects
What are the requirements needed for this position?
Ph.D. in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, bioinformatics or other hardcore technical fields with profound mathematical training. Proficient in translating unstructured business problems into an abstract mathematical framework
Fluency in one of the scripting languages, such as: Python, Scalar, PySpark and others
Experience with Spark, MapReduce and other big data processing tools is preferred
Familiar with both SQL and noSQL databases, ability to write efficient queries in SQL
Expertise in NLU/NLP, Conversational AI
Expertise with one of the Deep Learning platforms, such as, TensorFlow, Pytorch, and Keras
Expertise in Knowledge Graph and personalization
Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance
The ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner
Familiar with AWS and its components, such as EMR, S3, EC2, SageMaker. or customer build AI Platform
What other skills/experience would be helpful to have?
Ph.D. with experiences on medical coding, medical chart reading, entity detection, and other reading comprehension using AI/NLP technologies
Ph.D. with experience on big data processing in the areas of Revenue cycle management includes, but not limited to, risk management, payment accuracy, smart reconciliation, etc...
Ph.D. with experiences on conversational AI technologies, such as AI model for intent detection, NER, dialog management and other related components
Experience with medical ontologies, medical Knowledge Graph that links multiple entities, such as patients, providers, and payers. Possess the ability to run large scale inference on top of KG and generate business values
Experience with medical image processing, diagnosis based on images and narratives using AI technologies
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of partners (product managers, engineers, designers, senior executives)
What are the working conditions and physical requirements of this job?
General office demands
Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system!

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement

Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read EEO is the Law at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/eeo-law-poster and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf.

If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with ""Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation"" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.

Click here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy.

Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws.",2.8,"Change Healthcare
2.8","Seattle, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,2007,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
7,Senior Data Engineer,"$95k-$167k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Luminar Technologies is seeking a Senior Data Engineer to contribute to the development efforts of our end-to-end data pipeline and corresponding web applications. Our vision is to make autonomous transportation safe and ubiquitous. Far too many lives are lost in vehicle accidents each year. Because when real people’s lives are at stake, driving safely 99% of the time isn't good enough. We just launched Hydra, and it’s capabilities are unmatched: road tracking out to 80m, lanes to 150m, and objects to 250m. Visit us @ https://www.luminartech.com/ to find out more.

*We are interviewing and on-boarding candidates completely virtually until the County of Santa Clara eases restrictions due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Our team is currently entirely working from home, except for those individuals carrying out ‘essential’ business activities.

Responsibilities
Contribute to the development of automotive-grade software for perception and self-driving applications based on Luminar’s industry leading LiDAR platform
Implementation of BigData infrastructure and services
Quality control of data infrastructure and data service development
Automation of data infrastructure
Implementation of data transformation and streaming services
Manage site reliability of data services
Minimum Qualifications
B.S. in Computer Science or a related field
4+ years of relevant industry experience
Already shipped and operated Big Data systems in production environments
Experience in scalability of data systems
Experience Cloud services, Cloud deployment and developer operations
Hands-on Big Data software and infrastructure development skills
Expert knowledge in technologies like Kafka, Kibana/Elastic, Spark, Airflow or Hadoop
Hands-on experience of data storage and schemes like Avro, Parquet
Very strong coding skills in Java or C++ and Python
Preferred Qualifications
Expert knowledge in rational, no-sql and distributed data stores
M.S. in Computer Science or a related field
Operational experience with on-prem and cloud data systems
Experience with large-scale ingestion architectures
Hands-on experience in data streaming technologies
Experience in cloud and on-premises data systems
Experience with Machine Learning and/or Computer Vision algorithms
Benefits & Perks
Location: HQ near Stanford University in the beautiful city of Palo Alto, California
Timing: A start-up backed by industry leaders, at a critical stage of growth
Compensation: Competitive salaries and meaningful equity
Benefits: Comprehensive package (medical, dental, vision, and more)
PTO: Take it when you need it, we are a results-oriented team (not just 9-5 job)
Luminar is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, age, disability, gender identity, results of genetic testing, service in the military, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We will make a reasonable accommodation for any qualified applicant with a disability, provided that the individual is otherwise qualified to safely perform the essential functions of the job with or without accommodation and that the accommodation would not impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. Please let us know if you believe you require reasonable accommodation, or if you would like assistance to complete an application or to participate in an interview at the company.",4.1,"Luminar
4.1","Palo Alto, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
8,Data Scientist,"$79k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Responsibilities

About Our Team:

The Data Science Team provides advanced analytical support across VNSNY’s family of corporations. We leverage big data to develop insights and to support strategic decisions for the agency. Meaningful, appropriate use of data is central to the success of our organization. We are looking for an ambitious data scientist to join our team.

About the Role:

The Data Scientist will join a core group of analysts who play an important role in generating strategic insights across the VNSNY organization in these four applications of data science:

Clinical - “Who is going to get sick? What can we do to prevent or mitigate these health events? When is the best time to implement these actions?” This application of data science examines the drivers of clinical outcomes; analyzes opportunities for managing risk-based populations; evaluates programs and interventions that aim to improve patient outcomes.
Quality – “How is quality of care measured and how is it related to patient outcomes? Where are opportunities to improve the quality of care to our patients and members?” Our data scientists serve as subject matter experts on healthcare quality measurement and risk adjustment; use predictive modeling to identify patient populations in need of clinical interventions; identify opportunities for improvement in clinical processes that can lead to improved quality of care.
Operational – “How can we optimize our business operations in order to be more efficient? How do we deliver our services in order to improve the coordination of care for our patients and members?” This application of data science focuses on efficiency and optimization of business practices in order to improve patient care; uses techniques including time series forecasting and geospatial analysis to address business problems such as staffing and scheduling; analyzes opportunities for business growth within the organization and predicts and forecasts expenses.
Policy – “What is the impact of health care policy on our patient population? On our most vulnerable patients and members? How will changes in reimbursement policy affect the way we deliver patient care? What partnerships can we develop in order to ensure that our patients and members continue receiving optimal care?” Our data scientists are well-versed in healthcare policy; analyze areas for meaningful value investments that focus on improving health outcomes while saving money; use predictive modeling to identify high cost and high need patient populations who may be impacted most by changes in health policy.

You Are:

Looking for an opportunity to perform hands-on data analysis and modeling to solve a wide variety of business problems while working alongside clinical/business stakeholders
Driven by curiosity and a passion to learn, you thrive in situations where you can bring clarity to ambiguous and multi-faceted problems
A logical thinker who is comfortable learning new programming languages and computing applications independently
Obsessive about streamlining data and modeling processes; if you find you or your colleagues doing something several times, you create a standard reproducible workflow
Love the challenge of exploring new data sources while practicing a healthy skepticism about data; when you find data that looks wrong, you are emotionally compelled to figure out why
Have a desire to use your analytical skills to make measurable impacts on the lives of patients

Requirements:

MS in statistics, biostatistics, mathematics, econometrics, epidemiology, computer science, or other quantitative field
2+ years of professional experience in applied data analysis, interpretation, and prediction
Experience with statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab) and data querying languages (e.g. SQL, PLSQL) with demonstrated ability to learn and wield multiple analytical tools
Solid understanding of relational databases
Expertise in supervised and unsupervised data mining and predictive modeling techniques
Demonstrated experience executing reproducible and rigorous analyses in a timely manner
Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills, with experience communicating results of complex data analyses to non-technical stakeholders
Expertise in translating business needs into relevant data-driven deliverables and analyses
Experience managing multiple projects independently, sometimes on tight deadlines
Excellent interpersonal communication skills and ability to work collaboratively across different teams

Nice to Have:

Experience with building and deploying predictive models, especially via API, and building tools and processes to track and monitor the performance of models
Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms, software architecture, functional coding
Software engineering experience (e.g. Java, C++, Python) and knowledge of best practices across the development lifecycle (e.g. coding standards, testing)
Experience with version control, shell scripting, and the Unix filesystem
Experience with operational analytics and applying operational research techniques to support strategic and operational decisions
Experience in quasi-experimental methods such as propensity score matching or instrumental variable analysis
Experience with medical claims, electronic medical records, and health assessment data (e.g. OASIS, UAS-NY)
Knowledge of Medicare and Medicaid payment policy and alternative payment models (e.g. PDGM, Value Based Payment, dual-risk models, Hospice Final Rule)
Knowledge of risk adjustment strategies and application of risk adjustment to quality measurement programs such as CMS Home Health Quality Measures, CMS Home Health Value-Based Purchasing Model, CMS Hospice Quality Reporting Program, New York State MLTC Quality Incentive, HEDIS

Application Instructions:

Please upload a cover letter and resume/CV combined in a single document. Below are some topics you may wish to address in your cover letter:
Why are you applying for this job as Data Scientist at VNSNY?
What aspects of the job posting “speak” to you the most and make you feel that this role is a fit for you? Please explain.
Explain which, if any, of the skills in the “Nice to Have” section you bring. Expand on how you have used these skills previously.",3.8,"VISITING NURSE SERVICE OF NEW YORK
3.8","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1893,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
9,"Sr. Scientist, Mass Spectrometry",-1,"Just-Evotec Biologics is seeking a motivated and creative Scientist, who desires a significant opportunity to improve worldwide access to biotherapeutics. We are looking for a driven scientist to join a fast-paced, collaborative, and multidisciplinary team. As a key member of the Mass Spectrometry group, you will possess strong skills in large molecule characterization and detailed knowledge of assessing common post-translational modifications in protein biotherapeutics. A familiarity with scientific software such as Xcalibur, BioPharma Finder, Protein Metrics, Unifi, and Genedata Expressionist is highly desirable for this position. The ideal candidate also has strong written and verbal communications skills, works well both independently and in teams, and has excellent organization.

Responsibilities:
Characterization of biotherapeutics using mass spectrometry (intact mass and peptide mapping workflows)
Method development for mass spectrometry-based experiments
Work with team members on technology development to reduce the cost and improve the efficiency, speed, and capacity of analytical testing and analytical methods
Requirements:
Hands-on experience with TOF and Orbitrap technology
Experience with liquid chromatography, including instrument maintenance, and method development
Large molecule and protein characterization experience
Familiarity with mass spectrometry method development
Desire to work in a fast, collaborative, and team-oriented environment
Preferred qualifications:
Ph.D. in Chemistry, Biochemistry or related field and 3-5+ years industry experience or a Bachelor’s degree and 8-10+ years industry experience
Experience with Biosimilar characterization and comparability
Experience with troubleshooting complex instrumentation
Strength in data science and informatics
Hands on experience with Genedata Expressionist, BioPharma Finder, Xcalibur, or other mass spectrometry analysis platforms.
About Just – Evotec Biologics

Just – Evotec Biologics, wholly-owned by Evotec SE, is a unique platform company that integrates the design, engineering, development, and manufacture of biologics. With deep experience in the fields of protein, process and manufacturing sciences, the Just team came together to solve the scientific and technical hurdles that block access to life-changing protein therapeutics; from the design of therapeutic molecules to the design of the manufacturing plants used to produce them. Just’s focus is to create access and value for a global market through scientific and technological innovation. Our state-of-the-art labs and cGMP clinical manufacturing plant are co-located in Seattle’s South Lake Union neighborhood – the center of Seattle’s medical, global health, and technology industries and a noted top emerging life science hub in the U.S. Our fast-growing team of 100 employees is expanding Just’s innovative platform and footprint – building our first North American J.POD® commercial manufacturing facility in the Seattle area. For job opportunities, learn more at www.just.bio/careers

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $80,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Company's website:
https://www.justbiotherapeutics.com/careers
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Just - Evotec Biologics,"Seattle, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
10,"Sr. Scientist, Mass Spectrometry",-1,"Just-Evotec Biologics is seeking a motivated and creative Scientist, who desires a significant opportunity to improve worldwide access to biotherapeutics. We are looking for a driven scientist to join a fast-paced, collaborative, and multidisciplinary team. As a key member of the Mass Spectrometry group, you will possess strong skills in large molecule characterization and detailed knowledge of assessing common post-translational modifications in protein biotherapeutics. A familiarity with scientific software such as Xcalibur, BioPharma Finder, Protein Metrics, Unifi, and Genedata Expressionist is highly desirable for this position. The ideal candidate also has strong written and verbal communications skills, works well both independently and in teams, and has excellent organization.

Responsibilities:
Characterization of biotherapeutics using mass spectrometry (intact mass and peptide mapping workflows)
Method development for mass spectrometry-based experiments
Work with team members on technology development to reduce the cost and improve the efficiency, speed, and capacity of analytical testing and analytical methods
Requirements:
Hands-on experience with TOF and Orbitrap technology
Experience with liquid chromatography, including instrument maintenance, and method development
Large molecule and protein characterization experience
Familiarity with mass spectrometry method development
Desire to work in a fast, collaborative, and team-oriented environment
Preferred qualifications:
Ph.D. in Chemistry, Biochemistry or related field and 3-5+ years industry experience or a Bachelor’s degree and 8-10+ years industry experience
Experience with Biosimilar characterization and comparability
Experience with troubleshooting complex instrumentation
Strength in data science and informatics
Hands on experience with Genedata Expressionist, BioPharma Finder, Xcalibur, or other mass spectrometry analysis platforms.
About Just – Evotec Biologics

Just – Evotec Biologics, wholly-owned by Evotec SE, is a unique platform company that integrates the design, engineering, development, and manufacture of biologics. With deep experience in the fields of protein, process and manufacturing sciences, the Just team came together to solve the scientific and technical hurdles that block access to life-changing protein therapeutics; from the design of therapeutic molecules to the design of the manufacturing plants used to produce them. Just’s focus is to create access and value for a global market through scientific and technological innovation. Our state-of-the-art labs and cGMP clinical manufacturing plant are co-located in Seattle’s South Lake Union neighborhood – the center of Seattle’s medical, global health, and technology industries and a noted top emerging life science hub in the U.S. Our fast-growing team of 100 employees is expanding Just’s innovative platform and footprint – building our first North American J.POD® commercial manufacturing facility in the Seattle area. For job opportunities, learn more at www.just.bio/careers

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $80,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Company's website:
https://www.justbiotherapeutics.com/careers
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Just - Evotec Biologics,"Seattle, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
11,Senior Data Scientist,"$118k-$190k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Headspace is looking for a Senior Data Scientist, reporting into the Director of Data Science and Analytics.
We are seeking a talented and experienced senior data scientist to deliver impactful insights to teams across the business. Working closely with the director of data science and analytics, the senior data scientist will develop models to solve business problems and improve the member experience. The individual will have the opportunity to inspire and mentor additional members of the team in all things data-related. A successful candidate will be technically strong, proficient in communicating results to a range of audiences, and excited to share their knowledge with other team members.

How your skills and passions will come to life at Headspace:
Train, test, and tune machine learning models for a variety of problems across the businessManage all aspects of data science projects from start to finish, including early conversations with stakeholders and presenting results to executivesWork with the Director of Data Science & Analytics to pave the way for actionable data science in a high-growth, mission-driven organizationIdentify opportunities to apply data science and machine learning towards unaddressed business problems, or to improve existing aspects our data science infrastructure.


What you’ve accomplished:
Bachelor degree in computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, or any scientific or computational degree, Masters/Ph.D. preferred
3+ years of experience developing machine learning models and putting them into production
3+ years delivering analytical insights to stakeholdersExperience managing data science projects from conception to completionExperience with user behavior, mobile app, and subscription business a plus
Deep understanding of statistics, experimental design, and machine learning algorithms
Commitment to using best practices in data scienceStrong programming skills in Python, experience with pySpark is a plus
Strong SQL skills, experience with AWS services a plus
Excited to share knowledge and mentor other members of the team
Strong ability to communicate complex ideas and results to both technical and non-technical audiences


How to get started:

If you’re excited by the idea of seeing yourself in this role at Headspace, please apply with your CV and a cover letter that best expresses your interest and unique qualifications.",3.4,"Headspace
3.4","Santa Monica, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
12,Machine Learning Engineer,"$102k-$177k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Responsibilities *
Develop features and models to improve the capabilities of systems that use machine learning.
Scale up models, build training datasets and tune parameters to improve system performance.
Build software that improves your rate of experimentation and helps you make better decisions about what to try next.
Build analysis tools and simulations to understand the performance of complex systems. - Conduct original research to solve hard problems applying machine learning in new areas - Work with the team to deploy models for a mission critical application.
Come up with Machine Learning roadmap and be responsible for its execution.
Improve current models
Integrate Machine Learning projects with Knightscope Security Operations Center (KSOC).
Provide technical guidance in Machine Learning experiments and projects.
Take end-to-end ownership of Machine Learning systems.
Identify new opportunities to apply Machine Learning to different parts of the Knightscope offering.
Stay up-to-date with new technology innovation. Introduce what would be beneficial for the Company to continue to be the market leader in security.
Qualifications *
PhD/MS/BS in Computer Science.
5+ years professional work experience with Machine Learning.
Deep understanding of the mathematical foundations of Machine Learning algorithms.
Demonstrated expertise of working hands-on in analyzing and modeling large data sets.
Ability to quickly prototype new ideas and use creative approaches to solve complex problems
Experience with cloud (Amazon AWS, MS Azure, etc.) as well as embedded environments (NVIDIA Jetson, Raspberry Pi, etc.).
Hands-on experience with deep learning frameworks: TensorFlow, Keras, Pytorch, Caffe, etc.
Experience with Machine learning libraries such as scikit-learn, numpy, scipy, pandas, PIL, OpenCL.
Python experience.
Ability to collaborate closely with cross functional teams
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Self-motivated and self-starter
Bonus Points*
Experience in a startup environment
Location*
Remote Work-from-Home (in the U.S.) Flexibility Available
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $130,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Machine Learning: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",2.7,"Knightscope, Inc.
2.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
13,Data Scientist,-1,"Clear Ridge has an exciting opportunity for a Data Scientist in Quantico, VA.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Utilizes data science techniques (Data Preprocessing, Data Transformation, Descriptive Statistical Analysis, Centrality Analysis, Connected Components Analysis, Mutual Information Analysis, Clique Tree Analysis, etc.) to identify malicious activity not identified by deployed sensors.
Assists in developing methods for automating incident detection.
Required Experience:
At least one year working in the cyber security field
Bachelor's Degree in computer science or related field
Successful completion of college-level courses in statistics to include statistical regression
Two years experience with data science tools including Elastic Search, Logstash, Kibana, Hadoop, NOSQL, Etc
Two years experience utilizing Python to conduct data analysis
Two years experience working with large data sets to extract actionable insights
TS/SCI Required
Certification(s):
IAT LVL 2
CND Analyst
Additional Information

Come learn how we take care of our team, and why we were ranked Inc. 5000 Magazine’s #140 Fastest Growing Company nationwide – ranking #5 in Maryland and #7 in Government Services.

Clear Ridge Defense is the premier service solutions provider supporting the Service and Joint cyberspace operations and intelligence community in three core areas of expertise:
Cyber Systems & Software Engineering,
Cyber Intelligence and Malware Analysis, and
Cyberspace Operations Planning
All delivered by highly talented and focused team members that are supported by an unmatched professional and family-oriented culture that leverages and builds on sound, proven principles.

Benefits Snapshot:
100% Fully-Covered Health, Dental, and Vision Insurance
100% Fully-Covered Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Insurance
100% Fully-Covered Life and AD&D Insurance
Competitive and Flexible Paid Time Off (PTO) / Leave
10 Paid Federal Holidays
$500 New Uniform Bonus for Transitioning Military
Monthly Tax-Free Cell Phone Stipend
Monthly Tax-Free Gym Wellness / Streaming Subscription Stipend to include Amazon Prime, Netflix, Audible, etc.
Competitive 401k Matching to plan for retirement
Free financial advising from qualified experts
Annual $5,000 Training Allotment
One-of-a-kind Referral Program: $5,000 per referral OR $250/mo indefinitely, with no limit to number of referrals
Business Development and Client Expansion Bonuses
Monthly Company-Paid Socials and Events
*100% Fully-Covered means the employee does not pay a dime from their paycheck for these benefits.",-1,Clear Ridge Defense,"Quantico, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
14,Data Scientist,-1,"Data Scientist
If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on!

What You Will Be Doing
Developing algorithms for building information for example, spatial and natural language
Develop data analysis algorithms for Facility Operations
Develop data collection and management modules
Develop low maintenance code
Be a technical authority to drive best practices for critical programs
Work with facility managers to assess applications

What You Need for this Position
Bachelors in Computer Science or equivalent experience
3+ years of Software Development using Python, Matlab or similar
Scripting using JavaScript/AJAX
Passion for investigative product insight
Machine Learning, NLP, pattern recognition
MS Windows Server or similar
Relational database management systems, MYSQL
Agile Project Management
Great communication and quality teamwork.

So, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today!
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.",4.2,"CyberCoders
4.2","Phoenix, AZ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
15,Product Data Scientist - Ads Data Science,"$124k-$198k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description

null
Job Description

Who We Are:

The team is responsible for placing each and every ad that Twitter serves. While placing those ads we decide how best to balance user experience, advertiser results, and Twitter revenue. Our team optimizes supply/demand, operation points and trade-offs for the ads marketplace, as well as improve product outcomes by applying data science. We routinely deliver significant improvements to our revenue, and work in a close sync with our executive staff (including our COO & CFO) due to our direct impact on Twitter’s business.

What You’ll Do:

We’re looking for a key individual contributor to drive our advertising products forward. We decide which ads to serve billions of times a day under a sub-second setting. You will ship new features and optimize existing products. You will perform rigorous analysis, understand our advertising products, experiment, make data-driven decisions, optimize for impact, and measure performance funnels.

Your team will empower you with the autonomy to make good product decisions and discover/understand the software and product stack. You’ll own significant projects end-to-end. The small teams of talented, passionate people in which you’ll work will include engineers and data scientists from across the revenue engineering organization. We work on every high-priority ads project at Twitter.

Qualifications

Who You Are:

You’re a data scientist with a track record of delivering results. You find satisfaction in shipping changes that deliver measurable impact in the form of immediate revenue. You apply machine learning and data science techniques when applicable, but are just as happy to implement a simple heuristic when you find it’s as effective at driving impact to your product. You’re looking to join a strong, high-performing team.

Qualification:
Experience using data intelligently to optimize product performance
Experience performing analysis on raw event data in modern data warehouse systems
Deep understanding of data platforms in which you’ve previously worked
Good understanding of how to grow and shape data tools and datasets to improve data-driven decision making
Ability to thrive in an unstructured environment, working autonomously on a strong team to find opportunity and deliver business impact
Good understanding of (one or more of the following): Python or R
Bonus Points:
Past experience in adtech
PhD or MS in computer science, machine learning, or statistics
Good understanding of (one or more of the following): Java, Scala, or C++
Interesting side projects or Kaggle competition results
Additional Information

We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status.

San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.",4.0,"Twitter
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
16,Data Scientist,"$72k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The System Engineering Analytics Department is seeking a motivated, creative Data Scientist to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to combine systems Engineering with Data Analytics to build end to end data analytic pipelines. You will have the opportunity to learn from seasoned data professionals in a fast paced and dynamic atmosphere. You will have the opportunity to make strategic differences and have real long-term impacts on some of the most challenging problems in the government space.

The successful candidate will:

• Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.
• Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.
• Work with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
• Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.
• Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.

Basic Qualifications:
• Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, or related field
• 2 + years applicable work experience or equivalent academic / internships

Required Qualifications:
• Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to possess and maintain a DoD clearance
• Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
• Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
• Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets
• Experience with analytic tools such as Python, SAS, MATLAB, JavaScript, R, Java
• Data Visualization tools such as Tableau, OBIEE, C#, JQuery
• Ability to formulate complex algorithms and process to solve complex data problems

Preferred Qualifications:
• Advanced degree in technical field of study
• Candidates that possess a current/active US Government clearance are preferred
• Undergraduate research experience is a plus
• Academic/ project experience working with databases (e.g., Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB)
• Software Development experience in a shared environment leveraging tools such as GIT

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
17,Data Scientist,-1,"Who We Are:

We reward shoppers for digitizing their shopping experience.
Our mission is to delight the world's shoppers with a free smartphone app that is easy, smart and fun.

Why Join the Fetch Family?

We make it better for users even when that's difficult for us
We empower people with information and trust
We challenge ideas, not people
We think bigger and keep building
We find ways to bring the fun to Fetch!

We're committed to building an empowered and inclusive community of innovative and passionate people. As a growing organization, we need team players who can go above and beyond their individual responsibilities to help our company build towards its vision. If you are a creative, hard-working, and fun-seeking person interested in working with a close-knit group of highly talented people, this is the right place for you.

Fetch Rewards is an equal employment opportunity employer.

The Role!

The Data Science & Analytics team embodies these values and works with a laser focused objective to enable data driven decision making for both internal stakeholders and external partners. We are looking for a Data Scientist to contribute to this vision and reap the rewards of joining an exciting company in the high growth phase.

You will create analytical solutions and machine learning models that help Fetch teams leverage and monetize actionable insights from our unique data. This is a challenging and high visibility position, responsible for creating these solutions as well as guiding technical direction. Success in this role requires the ability to take on challenging problems and design & develop an amazing solution with little to no assistance.

You possess:

Hands-on experience in developing / deploying machine learning models that are tied to business value. At bare minimum, a good grasp of machine learning techniques, and their application in the real world.
Ability to create SQL/Python programming modules for custom insights required by our clients. Leverage statistical analysis to understand what is ""acceptable"" versus ""outliers"".
Ability to successfully collaborate with both business users and engineers for effective analytical solution development and deployment
Passion to drive actionable insights from data and present them to external and internal clients through Tableau / Powerpoint / Excel in a compelling manner.
Knack for conducting the apt Data Exploration needed to enhance the cleanliness and effectiveness of our data sources.
Discipline to create well documented coding and analytics packets to ensure reusability as the team expands.
Master's or PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or any other Quantitative field
2+ years of experience in data science workstream

Bonus points for:

Experience in CPG/Retail domain and/or analytics at app-based B2C companies
Familiarity with Big Data frameworks like Snowflake, Spark and AWS services
Familiarity with Tableau or any other visualization tools
Effective communication, ability to translate and explain technical issues to non-technical team members
Love of Dogs! . . . Or just tolerance. We're a very canine-friendly workplace",4.9,"Fetch Rewards
4.9",Illinois,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
18,Data Scientist,"$46k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Role

Data
Scientist

The
Position
The Data Scientist
position is a hands-on role responsible for the end-to-end design, testing and
development of machine learning models for Service Operations. As a Data
Scientist you will work closely with other team members and business
stakeholders to apply machine learning, deep learning, NLP and other advanced
analytic techniques to solve business problems. You will research and prepare
data for analysis, perform data exploration, apply machine learning and
statistical techniques to draw conclusions and build innovative analytic
solutions to improve operational effectiveness and efficiency.

Responsibilities

· Work
individually and/or with team members to design and develop machine learning
models for prototyping or ad-hoc analyses.
·Apply
data mining techniques and perform statistical analysis as needed.
·Collect
and organize information from a variety of data sources. Write queries to
underlying Microsoft SQL Server and Oracle databases.
·Work
with business partners to learn and understand the specific domain (i.e. Claim
Ops, Call/Contact Center, Client Services…).
·Interview
stakeholders in order to understand pain points.
·Clearly
present findings to leadership and be able to articulate and influence the
Business Case for change.

Qualifications
·Expertise
in machine learning algorithms and statistical modeling techniques such as
clustering, classification, regression, decision trees, neural nets, support
vector machines, ensemble modeling and text mining techniques such as sentiment
analysis, topic modeling and entity extraction.
·

Job Function

CONSULTANCY

Role

Developer

Job Id

165688

Desired Skills

Data scientist

Desired Candidate Profile

Qualifications :
BACHELOR OF COMPUTER SCIENCE",3.7,"Tata Consultancy Services (North America)
3.7","Bloomfield, CT",-1,10000+ Employees,1968,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
19,Data Scientist,"$59k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist
Location: Boston, Massachusetts, United States
Full-time
Overview:

The Data Scientist will be an imperative member of Invicro’s growing AI Team. We are looking for well-organized, talented people with a deep knowledge in programming, data processing, automation, statistics and machine learning. The Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex imaging data into advanced, interpretable analytic solutions.

This role includes a few more targeted development areas, most prominently within oncology imaging and model development. Specific projects will include work in whole body PET/CT image processing algorithms and software development, in data curation around imaging and multi-modal data/metadata, and in model development for curated multi-modal oncology data sets.

Responsibilities:
Drive the collection, organization, coordination and governance around internal and external data resources.
Develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting.
Creative thinking in reports, projections, models, and presentations to support Invicro’s Imaging Analysis strategy and AI initiative.
Provide influence on department strategy around data science and machine learning.
Maintain awareness of the resources and advances in artificial intelligence applied to biomedical problems, in particular resources relevant to pathology, neurology or drug development.
Develop and maintain unit and system-level regression testing.
Contribute to collaborative science incorporating machine learning / AI into clinical goals.
Develop and verify easy to use reference datasets that facilitate machine learning/AI research, testing and application deployment
Mentor junior data scientists.
Qualifications/Skills:
PhD in Mathematics, Engineering, Physics or related field with 0-3 years of industry or academic experience
Direct experience in an Engineering / Data Science environment preferred
Programming/scripting experience with a variety of languages including but not limited to python, R and C++ as well as the ability to program with keras and the low-level tensor flow API.
Deep, practical knowledge of using the training, testing and validation paradigm to drive progress
Demonstrated commitment to reusable/repurposable data organization and software
Strong intuitions about data modeling and testing and how to overcome common obstacles
In-depth knowledge of a biomedical or scientific application area and experience with applying deep learning to problems in this area
Invicro is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity.",3.8,"inviCRO
3.8","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
20,Data Scientist (Remote Work Option),"$64k-$113k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Relocation Assistance Offered Within Country
# 88040 - Topeka, Kansas, United States

Job Summary:

We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our cross-functional teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

Main Responsibilities:
Develop custom data models and algorithms to address business challenges
Assess quality of data sources
Evaluate technical feasibility of business problems
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy
Lead data automation projects to aggregate disparate data sources
Partner with IT to align on data architecture, tools and technologies
Main Requirements:
Bachelor's degree required; Certificate, Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field a plus
At least 2 years experience using computer languages (Python, R, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
Experience communicating technical concepts to non-technical audiences
Experience with a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Experience working with and creating data architectures
Experience with cloud services: GCP, AWS, etc
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Facebook Insights, Nielsen, etc.
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Tableau, Data Studio, etc
Equal Opportunity Employer
Colgate is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, marital status, veteran status (United States positions), or any other characteristic protected by law

Are you interested in working for Hill's Pet Nutrition? You can apply online and attach all relevant documents such as a cover letter and resume or CV. Applications received by e-mail are not considered in the selection process. Become part of our team. We look forward to your application.

Work that matters, fueled by passion for pets! At Hill’s we have a purpose. Every day around the world, we transform the lives of millions of pet families through pioneering innovation, amazing nutrition, and the best and brightest people. Founded more than 75 years ago with an unwavering commitment to pet nutrition, Hills' mission is to help enrich and lengthen the special relationships between people and their pets.

HILL'S® Prescription Diet® therapeutic pet foods, HILL'S® Science Diet® and HILL'S® Ideal Balance™ wellness pet foods are sold worldwide. Hill’s is a division of Colgate-Palmolive, a leading global consumer products company, tightly focused on Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition, with sales of products in more than 200 countries. To learn more about Hill's and Colgate, please visit http://www.hillspet.com and http://www.colgatepalmolive.com, or find us on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.

Reasonable accommodation during the application process is available for persons with disabilities. Please contact Application_Accommodation@colpal.com with the subject ""Accommodation Request"" should you require accommodation.",4.1,"Colgate-Palmolive Company
4.1","Topeka, KS",-1,10000+ Employees,1806,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
21,Bioinformatics Data Scientist,-1,"Job Description: Bioinformatics Data Scientist
Are you a data-obsessed, full-stack bioinformatician who wants to uncover the key, data-driven insights that will ultimately lead to life-saving medicines? At twoXAR, we use artificial intelligence to discover lifesaving drug treatments at blazing speed. We are seeking a data scientist to serve as the lead bioinformatician working on the continual development of our world-class drug discovery AI. The ideal candidate is an experienced bioinformatician with broad knowledge of biology, statistics, and programming who is interested in harnessing that knowledge towards discovering novel treatments for a wide diversity of diseases.
twoXAR is an artificial intelligence-driven drug discovery company
We leverage our computational platform to identify promising drug candidates, validate and de-risk them through preclinical studies, and progress remaining candidates to the clinic through industry and investor partnerships. We have established collaborations with leading biopharmaceutical companies and are now scaling the business and building our internal drug pipeline. twoXAR is venture-backed with financing from SoftBank Ventures and Andreessen Horowitz and has strong ties to Stanford University and MIT. Our management team and advisory board have decades of biopharmaceutical management experience, built software systems used by tens of millions of people, held VP and C-level positions at Fortune 100 companies, and have had previous startups end with successful strategic acquisitions.

Responsibilities
Serve as the lead full-stack data scientist as we build and enhance the world's premier AI-driven drug discovery platform
Develop, extend, and apply innovative computational methods to analyze diverse and heterogeneous biomedical data sources, including most omics types (gene expression, miRNA, methylation, etc.), GWAS, EMR data, systems biology data, and more
Collaborate with software engineers and drug discovery researchers to implement and extend state-of-the-art algorithms and automated pipelines
Identify and evaluate potential new biomedical data sources and bioinformatic methodologies
Work cross-functionally with other internal teams to create and perform end-to-end analyses that include design, data gathering, processing, analysis, iteration with stakeholders, and presentation of results
Distill complex and heterogeneous data into actionable and interpretable insights

Requirements/Qualifications
Minimum of M.S. degree in bioinformatics, computational biology, human genetics or a related field, and a sound understanding of both biology and statistics with 5 years independent bioinformatic research experience (PhD fulfills research experience and is a significant plus); or a B.S. in physics, statistics, computer science and at least 5 years of industry experience in bioinformatics
Experience with statistics, omics, large-scale data ETL & integration, and machine learning is required
Preference for hands-on experience with packages like Salmon, Limma, VEP, NumPy, and SciKit-Learn
Proficiency in Python, R, and a Linux environment are required
Demonstrated problem solving and attention to detail are musts to be successful in this role
Demonstrated familiarity with best software engineering practices (testing, version control, etc.) is preferred
Prior experience in an industry R&D environment is a plus
Demonstrated ability to rapidly learn new concepts
Startup minded: high energy, low maintenance, self-starter that is comfortable in a fast-paced environment
Cultural fit: genuine, collaborative, innovative, data-driven, and goal-oriented

twoXAR is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
]]>",5.0,"twoXAR
5.0","Mountain View, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
22,Data Scientist,-1,"Boxplot Analytics is hiring a data scientist to join the team full time. This position has a special, profit sharing salary structure with a lot of growth potential.*
\*
About Boxplot*
Boxplot Analytics is a data analytics/data science consulting firm. We complete project-based work for a wide range of clients, across different industries. Projects involve, but are not limited to, data analysis, data cleaning, data visualization, data science, data mining, surveys (writing and analysis), and dashboard creation.

Learn more at boxplotanalytics.com
About the job*
You will work closely with our other data scientist to complete client projects. Typical work includes:
Create custom scripts in Python that clean, modify, aggregate, and analyze data.
Use statistical methods like regression and decision trees in Python to glean insights about datasets.
Engage in calls and meetings with clients to understand their needs and translate that into code and analyses that meet their goals.
Use other analytics programs like Excel and Tableau to clean or visualize data.
Write formulas in Excel and Tableau based on client needs.
Connect to APIs via Python and parse the results into a Pandas dataframe for use in analyses.
Write SQL queries to pull necessary and relevant data from databases.
Requirements: *
A degree in statistics, mathematics, data analytics, or data science. We will consider candidates with Bachelor’s/Master’s in other fields if there is some other type of education (like a bootcamp or career course) and you have a high amount of past experience.
Ability to work independently and ability to be highly productive while working remotely.
Self starter with advanced Python and Pandas skills.
Strong knowledge of statistical techniques including but not limited to: hypothesis testing, regression, decision trees, etc.
Strong knowledge of SQL.
Willingness to work nights and/or weekends as necessary to meet client deadlines.
Ability to attend in-person meetings as needed for clients. Travel as necessary.
Excellent communication skills; speak and write English fluently.
Ability to juggle multiple tasks/projects concurrently.
Exceptional interpersonal skills – the ability to confidently interact with clients and others.
All candidates will be tested as part of the interview process. Tests will likely include Python, SQL, and general analysis ability. There will be several stages to the interview process.
Strong Preferences: *
3-5 years of work experience.
Experience with BI tools like Tableau, and Excel.
Location: * You will be working fully remote (even post pandemic). You must have a distraction-free place to work.
Working Hours: * 9am - 5pm Eastern Timezone
Non-Disclosure: * You must sign a non-disclosure agreement.
Pay & Benefits*
This position does not include any equity.
This position has a special salary structure. You will receive a low, base pay, but with profit sharing and referral bonuses.
Generous health insurance plan
Short and long term disability
15 paid PTO days
Boxplot is an equal opportunity employer.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $41,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Commission pay
Experience:
relevant work: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
Driver's License (Required)
Language:
English (Required)
Work Location:
Fully Remote
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
boxplotanalytics.com
Company's Facebook page:
facebook.com/boxplothq
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,Boxplot,"Philadelphia, PA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
23,Data Scientist,-1,"Boxplot Analytics is hiring a data scientist to join the team full time. This position has a special, profit sharing salary structure with a lot of growth potential.*
\*
About Boxplot*
Boxplot Analytics is a data analytics/data science consulting firm. We complete project-based work for a wide range of clients, across different industries. Projects involve, but are not limited to, data analysis, data cleaning, data visualization, data science, data mining, surveys (writing and analysis), and dashboard creation.

Learn more at boxplotanalytics.com
About the job*
You will work closely with our other data scientist to complete client projects. Typical work includes:
Create custom scripts in Python that clean, modify, aggregate, and analyze data.
Use statistical methods like regression and decision trees in Python to glean insights about datasets.
Engage in calls and meetings with clients to understand their needs and translate that into code and analyses that meet their goals.
Use other analytics programs like Excel and Tableau to clean or visualize data.
Write formulas in Excel and Tableau based on client needs.
Connect to APIs via Python and parse the results into a Pandas dataframe for use in analyses.
Write SQL queries to pull necessary and relevant data from databases.
Requirements: *
A degree in statistics, mathematics, data analytics, or data science. We will consider candidates with Bachelor’s/Master’s in other fields if there is some other type of education (like a bootcamp or career course) and you have a high amount of past experience.
Ability to work independently and ability to be highly productive while working remotely.
Self starter with advanced Python and Pandas skills.
Strong knowledge of statistical techniques including but not limited to: hypothesis testing, regression, decision trees, etc.
Strong knowledge of SQL.
Willingness to work nights and/or weekends as necessary to meet client deadlines.
Ability to attend in-person meetings as needed for clients. Travel as necessary.
Excellent communication skills; speak and write English fluently.
Ability to juggle multiple tasks/projects concurrently.
Exceptional interpersonal skills – the ability to confidently interact with clients and others.
All candidates will be tested as part of the interview process. Tests will likely include Python, SQL, and general analysis ability. There will be several stages to the interview process.
Strong Preferences: *
3-5 years of work experience.
Experience with BI tools like Tableau, and Excel.
Location: * You will be working fully remote (even post pandemic). You must have a distraction-free place to work.
Working Hours: * 9am - 5pm Eastern Timezone
Non-Disclosure: * You must sign a non-disclosure agreement.
Pay & Benefits*
This position does not include any equity.
This position has a special salary structure. You will receive a low, base pay, but with profit sharing and referral bonuses.
Generous health insurance plan
Short and long term disability
15 paid PTO days
Boxplot is an equal opportunity employer.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $41,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Commission pay
Experience:
relevant work: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
Driver's License (Required)
Language:
English (Required)
Work Location:
Fully Remote
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
boxplotanalytics.com
Company's Facebook page:
facebook.com/boxplothq
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,Boxplot,"Philadelphia, PA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
24,Data Scientist,-1,"Spectric Labs is looking for motivated Data Scientists to help us make an immediate impact for our customers located in Fairfax and Dulles, VA.  As part of our engineering team, you will help us show them that there is a creative solution to every problem.  Your passion, creativity and dedication are what motivates you to apply the most innovative approach to solve some of the most difficult challenges faced by the US Government.



What You’ll Do:
Design and develop methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured data
Develop information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve customer data processing
Recommend and develop new technical solutions, products, and/or standards in support of functions strategy and operations
Identify, retrieve, manipulate, and exploit multiple structured and unstructured data sets from various sources, including building or generating new data sets as appropriate, as well as initiating the efficient implementation of methods, tools, and algorithms using a comprehensive range of technologies.


What We’re Looking For:
A love for technology and enthusiasm for the challenge of solving complex problems
Bachelor’s or higher degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics or a related field
At least 2 years of relevant work experience in data science
Experience with Hadoop framework, MapReduce, Hive, Pig, or other open source data analytic tools.
Strong software skills including proficiency in Python, JavaScript, SQL, Pig, or R
Data mining methods, database structures, and analytic information extraction and visualization experience
Either possess an active US Government TS/SCI security clearance, or are eligible to obtain one through an extensive background investigation (typically requires a clean criminal background, US Citizenship, etc)


What We Can Provide:
An engaging, rewarding and flexible work environment in a fast-growing company
Employer contribution of 25% of your gross pay to your 401(k) plan
Up to 40 days of paid time off every year (depending on your industry experience) with an annual cash-out bonus for unused vacation
Generous Medical/Dental/Vision benefits and life insurance
Annual employer contribution of $3,500 to your Health Savings Account
$10,000 cash bonus if you decline medical coverage and have qualified medical coverage from another group health insurance plan
Spectric Labs is a 100% employee owned company where every employee is eligible to participate in the employee stock ownership plan
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
relevant: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Company's website:
www.spectric.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Spectric Labs,"Dulles, VA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
25,Data Scientist,-1,"Spectric Labs is looking for motivated Data Scientists to help us make an immediate impact for our customers located in Fairfax and Dulles, VA.  As part of our engineering team, you will help us show them that there is a creative solution to every problem.  Your passion, creativity and dedication are what motivates you to apply the most innovative approach to solve some of the most difficult challenges faced by the US Government.



What You’ll Do:
Design and develop methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured data
Develop information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve customer data processing
Recommend and develop new technical solutions, products, and/or standards in support of functions strategy and operations
Identify, retrieve, manipulate, and exploit multiple structured and unstructured data sets from various sources, including building or generating new data sets as appropriate, as well as initiating the efficient implementation of methods, tools, and algorithms using a comprehensive range of technologies.


What We’re Looking For:
A love for technology and enthusiasm for the challenge of solving complex problems
Bachelor’s or higher degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics or a related field
At least 2 years of relevant work experience in data science
Experience with Hadoop framework, MapReduce, Hive, Pig, or other open source data analytic tools.
Strong software skills including proficiency in Python, JavaScript, SQL, Pig, or R
Data mining methods, database structures, and analytic information extraction and visualization experience
Either possess an active US Government TS/SCI security clearance, or are eligible to obtain one through an extensive background investigation (typically requires a clean criminal background, US Citizenship, etc)


What We Can Provide:
An engaging, rewarding and flexible work environment in a fast-growing company
Employer contribution of 25% of your gross pay to your 401(k) plan
Up to 40 days of paid time off every year (depending on your industry experience) with an annual cash-out bonus for unused vacation
Generous Medical/Dental/Vision benefits and life insurance
Annual employer contribution of $3,500 to your Health Savings Account
$10,000 cash bonus if you decline medical coverage and have qualified medical coverage from another group health insurance plan
Spectric Labs is a 100% employee owned company where every employee is eligible to participate in the employee stock ownership plan
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
relevant: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Company's website:
www.spectric.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Spectric Labs,"Dulles, VA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
26,Data Scientist,-1,"Spectric Labs is looking for motivated Data Scientists to help us make an immediate impact for our customers located in Fairfax and Dulles, VA.  As part of our engineering team, you will help us show them that there is a creative solution to every problem.  Your passion, creativity and dedication are what motivates you to apply the most innovative approach to solve some of the most difficult challenges faced by the US Government.



What You’ll Do:
Design and develop methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured data
Develop information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve customer data processing
Recommend and develop new technical solutions, products, and/or standards in support of functions strategy and operations
Identify, retrieve, manipulate, and exploit multiple structured and unstructured data sets from various sources, including building or generating new data sets as appropriate, as well as initiating the efficient implementation of methods, tools, and algorithms using a comprehensive range of technologies.


What We’re Looking For:
A love for technology and enthusiasm for the challenge of solving complex problems
Bachelor’s or higher degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics or a related field
At least 2 years of relevant work experience in data science
Experience with Hadoop framework, MapReduce, Hive, Pig, or other open source data analytic tools.
Strong software skills including proficiency in Python, JavaScript, SQL, Pig, or R
Data mining methods, database structures, and analytic information extraction and visualization experience
Either possess an active US Government TS/SCI security clearance, or are eligible to obtain one through an extensive background investigation (typically requires a clean criminal background, US Citizenship, etc)


What We Can Provide:
An engaging, rewarding and flexible work environment in a fast-growing company
Employer contribution of 25% of your gross pay to your 401(k) plan
Up to 40 days of paid time off every year (depending on your industry experience) with an annual cash-out bonus for unused vacation
Generous Medical/Dental/Vision benefits and life insurance
Annual employer contribution of $3,500 to your Health Savings Account
$10,000 cash bonus if you decline medical coverage and have qualified medical coverage from another group health insurance plan
Spectric Labs is a 100% employee owned company where every employee is eligible to participate in the employee stock ownership plan
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
relevant: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Company's website:
www.spectric.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Spectric Labs,"Dulles, VA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
27,Data Engineer,"$83k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","BI&A seeking a SoftwareEngineer with data transformation (ETL) experience working with latest industry tools; elastic search, apache Kafka, and Apache NiFi.

DUTIES ENTAIL:

· Work with a teammate on data integration requirements.

· Write code on ETL platform to transform data to a suitable formats as defined by IC ITE initiatives.

· Add features to ETL platform to shorten timelines for future data integration efforts.

· Develop, maintain code, and integrate software into a fully functional software system.

· Participate in daily scum meetings, sprint retrospectives, and other agile processes.

· Work with external teams to validate data ingest.

· Provide and maintain documentation of system architecture, development, and enhancements.

EDUCATION:

· Bachelors Degree and 6 or more years experience or Master's Degree with 3 or more years' experience from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry.

REQUIRED EXPERIENCE:

An Active TS/SCI clearance

·6+ years of software development experience

· Linux/Unix experience

· Object Oriented programming language

· Possess strong verbal and written communication skills

· Possess strong analytical skills, with excellent problem solving abilities in the face of ambiguity

DESIRED EXPERIENCE:

· Expertise in data ingestion, data transformation (ETL), and data modeling.

· Experience with Java, Ruby, or Python

· Experience in Agile/SCRUM enterprise-scale software development

· 3 years experience working with one of the following batch-processing and tools (eg, Nifi, Midpoint, MapReduce, Yarn, Pig, Hive, HDFS, Oozie)

· 1 year working with Restful web services

· Experience with code development, deployment, versioning, and build tools (eg, Eclipse, git, svn, maven, Jenkins)
BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)",3.7,"BOEING
3.7","Herndon, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1916,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
28,Machine Learning Engineer,"$72k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

About Our Team:
The Data Science Team provides advanced analytical support across VNSNY’s family of corporations. We leverage big data to develop insights and to support strategic decisions for the agency. Meaningful, appropriate use of data is central to the success of our organization.

Responsibilities

About the Role:

The Machine Learning Engineer will join a core group of Data Scientists who play an important role in generating strategic insights across the VNSNY organization, and will be responsible for:

Developing, testing, and deploying machine learning algorithms to support and improve business processes

Creating and maintaining a framework for deploying machine learning algorithms

Building applications to implement, track, and monitor predictive models; ensuring that the accuracy of deployed algorithms is monitored on an ongoing basis

Engineering computational solutions and algorithms to meet the predictive needs of business and clinical units across VNSNY

Conducting end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering from internal and external sources, specifying requirements, processing, compiling and validating data, ensuring deliverables are met, and preparing presentations

Qualifications

Requirements:

MS in computer science or other related field

2+ years of professional experience building machine learning algorithms and deploying predictive models

Experience with statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab) and data querying languages (e.g. SQL, PLSQL) with demonstrated ability to learn and wield multiple analytical tools

Solid understanding of relational databases

Software engineering experience (e.g. Java, C++, Python) and knowledge of best practices across the development lifecycle (e.g. coding standards, testing)

Experience with version control, shell scripting, and the Unix filesystem

Experience with cloud computing (e.g. AWS) and columnar databases (e.g. Redshift) in a cloud environment

Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms, software architecture, functional coding

Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills, with experience communicating results of complex data analyses to non-technical stakeholders

Experience managing multiple projects independently, sometimes on tight deadlines

Excellent interpersonal communication skills and ability to work collaboratively across different teams

Nice to Have:

Experience with medical claims, electronic medical records, and health assessment data (e.g. OASIS, UAS-NY)

Experience building and deploying machine learning algorithms in a healthcare setting

Experience with business intelligence applications (e.g. R Shiny, Microstrategy, Tableau)

Application Instructions:

Please upload a cover letter and resume/CV combined in a single document.",3.8,"Visiting Nurse Service of New York
3.8","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1893,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
29,Staff Data Scientist - Interests,"$163k-$262k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description

null
Job Description

You will be a key member of the Interests Data Science team working closely with data scientists, engineers, and product managers to improve major new products like Topics and Lists Recommendation. You will design and analyze experiments, propose metrics to summarize and improve the performance of recommender systems, and help drive a deeper, quantitative understanding of interests and communities on Twitter.

Why it matters

Making it easier for users to find content related to their interests is core to Twitter’s strategy. The Interests data science team is on the leading edge of this work, and our analyses help motivate, design, and evaluate major product investments in this space.

What you’ll be doing

As a staff data scientist on the Interests team you will:
Design, implement, and analyze experiments to determine how changes to the platform affect user behavior and refine our theoretical understanding of users’ interests and the communities they form.
Conduct analyses to better understand the performance of our content recommendation, ranking, and clustering systems. Use this understanding to evaluate the performance of these systems and suggest improvements to them.
Create accurate and statistically sound summary metrics to evaluate the performance of Interests related products and motivate teams’ targets/KRs.
Communicate findings to executives and cross-functional teams.
Qualifications

What it takes
Advanced degree in a discipline that uses statistical analysis and 4+ years of experience (or 7+ years of total experience).
Experience with one or more of the following in an applied business setting: advanced statistical techniques for A/B testing, methods for experimental design, observational causal inference, or quasi-experimental analysis.
Solid understanding of the design and analysis of recommender systems.
Track record for executing independent projects and leading complex, multi-functional projects with several dependencies.
Strong proficiency with Python / R and SQL.
Experience mentoring junior data scientists and enthusiasm for building out a new data science team.
Additional Information

We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status.

San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.",4.0,"Twitter
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
30,Data Scientist,"$111k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Duties & Responsibilities
Bring Creativity to Data products.
Analyze transaction data.
Build models to predict possible finance operation inconsistencies.
Use machine learning methods to perform transaction matching (matching algorithms).
Cleanse raw data for use in models.
Perform data munging, data mining, clustering & classification methods, pattern recognition.
Comfortable with Statistics, Calculus & Multivariate analysis.
You will work closely with a small R&D team with Product Managers, Data Engineers & Analysts. The R&D team will experiment with the data and come up with POC's.
Familiar with SQL, Python, R, Spark MLib, AWS, SQL Server, Redshift.
Most of the data currently lives in SQL Server. We are experimenting with AWS Redshift as well. Python for coding and someone with experience with Spark MLib & Machine learning is a big plus.
Qualifications
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches.
Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources.
A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data.
A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision.
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.
Familiarity with relational databases and SQL
Expert knowledge of an analysis tool such as R, Matlab, or SAS
Strong working knowledge of financials
Acquired skills would include Data Warehousing, ETL, BI, Data Mining, and Machine Learning.
Strong written and verbal skills – able to explain the work in plain language
MS in Computer Science or other quantitative disciplines or BA with 2+ years applicable experience",3.9,"BlackLine
3.9","Woodland Hills, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
31,Data Scientist,"Employer Provided Salary:
$80k-$120k","About ClearCut Analytics
ClearCut was founded in Chicago with the mission of revolutionizing strategic decision-making by the world's leading brands through data-powered business intelligence. With a focus on the Amazon marketplace, ClearCut provides a vast array of sales analytics to equip brands with the information they need to maximize their value.


Data Scientist Job Description
ClearCut Analytics is looking for an innovative, solutions-oriented Data Scientist to join our fast-paced company and growing Analytics & Product Development team. The Data Scientist will play a key role in our company’s growth through building a highly scalable infrastructure that allows our team to develop data-driven solutions to solve complex business challenges. The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, loves collaborating to solve a wide variety of challenges and interesting use cases. This role will report to ClearCut’s Chief Technology Officer.
Responsibilities
Helping to build and drive the Data Science and Analytics roadmap
Leveraging data to drive business solutions for clients that are presented through ClearCut’s SaaS platform
Performing data collection, as well as developing custom models and algorithms to apply to data sets
Using predictive modeling to increase and optimize business operations, customer experience, revenue generation, and other business outcomes
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for modeling and analysis, while enhancing processes and tools used to monitor model performance and input data
Developing machine learning models and productizing AI-based solutions alongside product and development team
Ideating new data-related concepts and applications then overseeing projects through deployment
Taking end-to-end ownership of problem domains and continuously improving upon quantitative solutions
Requirements
MS or Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, CS/Engineering, or similar field
4+ years of professional experience in an analytics and data science environment utilizing quantitative analytics methodologies, experience in a SaaS or eCommerce environment a plus
Experience writing programs/queries with data analysis tools and languages such as Python, R, SAS, AMPL, SQL, or Alteryx
Hands-on experience with multivariate analytic techniques: linear and logistic regression, decision tree, cluster and factor analysis, time-series forecasting methods, SVM models, and/or neural networks
Understanding of broad business principles and the ability to create solutions for real-world challenges
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment
Eagerness to learn and grow",4.8,"ClearCut Analytics
4.8","Chicago, IL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
32,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Machine Learning Engineer Northern, VA

Machine Learning Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Machine Learning (ML) Engineers to produce automated anomaly/object detection and characterization, forecasting, optimization, and recommendation solutions to national security challenges using modular, cloud-native, API-centric approaches. These solutions will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on incorporating machine learning insights to automate and scale analysis and improve decision support. Teams will be working in a highly collaborative environment and expected to identify opportunities to apply and improve data-driven insights and support related design and development within big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Engage with mission owners/operators to discover applications for ML, set project expectations, define requirements, and review results
Design and develop reusable workflows for data integration, transformation, and feature engineering required to train models
Train and validate models, often in big data, distributed environments
Perform exploratory data analysis to understand data and model-derived insights
Perform model introspection to understand model behaviors and explain predictions
Visualize data and model-derived insights to communicate internally and externally
Integrate models into operational systems
Lead trade studies, analyses of alternatives, and assessments of existing systems
Develops or provides input to engineering artifacts
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 5 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Ability to describe the data assumptions and processing steps of common machine learning methods, and which methods are appropriate for a variety of use cases
Expertise with ML libraries, like Scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy, PySpark, MXNet, MLib, and Weka
Experience with ML platforms, like KNIME, Spark, SageMaker, H2O, and TensorFlow
Familiarity with Java, Python, and SQL including related ecosystems and frameworks, like Eclipse and Jupyter Notebook
Familiarity with visualization tools, preferably Qlik, Tableau, Plotly, Kibana, Matplotlib, and QGis
Strong problem-solving skills
Strong written and oral communications skills
Able to work independently and self-identify tasks
Ability to review and maintain existing code and applications
Ability to research and evaluate new concepts and processes to improve performance
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with time series forecasting
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Machine Learning Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
33,Biological Data Scientist,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311168

Directorate: Earth and Biological Sciences Directorate

Division: Biological Sciences

Group: Biological Systems Science
*Job Description**
The new Computational Biology Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a senior data scientist to join our team to execute on existing projects as well as lead in the development of new research proposals. Expertise in statistics, analysis of omic data, biomarker discovery, software development, proposal development and working in multidisciplinary teams are highly relevant.

The data scientist will contribute to diverse fundamental science research programs studying human health problems such as cancer and infectious diseases as well as microbial communities and environmental microbiology. The candidate will be responsible for data analysis from various high-throughput omics platforms, such as DNA/RNA sequence data, proteomics and metabolomics. The position involves technical work with complex multi-omics data from ongoing studies, focusing on application of methods for analysis, data integration, and machine learning. The incumbent will define and carry out the application of existing methodologies, as well as perform original research in the field of computational biology as needed to extract meaning from complex biological data. In addition to technical research, this position expects participation in publishing, project leadership, and business development.

The ideal candidate should have a strong statistics and programming skills with knowledge of fundamental basic biology. The candidate should have good communication skills with a demonstrated capability to perform multi-disciplinary, collaborative research. The candidate should also have an interest in applying new approaches and knowledge to science problems associated with human health, bioenergy, and carbon cycling. The candidate should be highly proficient in at least on programming language (Python, R, e.g.) and have experience in software development practices (version control, unit testing, etc.).
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ BS/BA with 5 years of experience, MS/MA with 3 years of experience, or PhD with 1 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ MS/MA or PhD in statistics, biostatistics, bioinformatics or a closely related field.

+ Significant experience with software development tools (GitHub) and Python or R development experience

+ Demonstrated ability to collaborate within and across institutions
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Closing Statement**
+ U.S. Citizenship

_Directorate:_ _Earth & Biological Sciences_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Biological Systems Science_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-04_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-14_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
34,Data Scientist BSLEF8,"$57k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings require the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel. Further, effective “big data” solutions help CBP ensure the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure.
In response to this challenge, E3/Sentinel, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified, and versatile data scientists to help lead the development and delivery of high-quality predictive modelling solutions. Successful applicants will serve as recognized subject matter experts in the application of quantitative methods, machine learning algorithms, and predictive models to address complex national and homeland security challenges. They will help our team to leverage large structured and unstructured datasets to develop and operationalize models, tools, and applications that drive optimized decision making. Project tasks include data collection, mining, data and text analytics, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution to implement and enhance automated risk assessment. The products we develop provide actionable insight with real and immediate impact on the safety and security of the United States, its citizens, visitors, and economy.

Lead and perform hands-on analysis and modeling involving the creation of intervention hypotheses and experiments, assessment of data needs and available sources, determination of optimal analytical approaches, performance of exploratory data analysis, and feature generation (e.g., identification, derivation, aggregation).
Collaborate with mission stakeholders to define, frame, and scope mission challenges where big data interventions may offer important mitigations and develop robust project plans with key milestones, detailed deliverables, robust work tracking protocols, and risk mitigation strategies.
Demonstrate proficiency in extracting, cleaning, and transforming CBP transactional and mission data associated within an identified problem space to build predictive models as well as develop appropriate supporting documentation.
Leverage expert knowledge of a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques and methods to define and develop programming algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models that directly inform mission decisions.
Execute projects including those intended to identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets; perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction; and named entity matching.
Brief project management, technical design, and outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences including senior government stakeholders throughout the model development/ project lifecycle through written as well as in-person reporting.

Bachelor’s Degree (required), Master’s or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, or other related technical fields with equivalent practical experience
Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems.
Proficiency with statistical software packages: SAS, SPSS Modeler, R, WEKA, or equivalent.
Experience with programming languages: R, Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or equivalent.
Experience constructing and executing queries to extract data in support of EDA and model development.
Experience with unsupervised and supervised machine learning techniques and methods.
Experience working with large-scale (e.g., terabyte and petabyte) unstructured and structured data sets and databases.
Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop, HIVE, HDFS, HBase, MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, Sqoop).
Proficiency with Unsupervised Machine Learning methods including Cluster Analysis (e.g., K-means, K-nearest Neighbor, Hierarchical, Deep Belief Networks, Principal Component Analysis), Segmentation, etc.
Proficiency with Supervised Machine Learning methods including Decision Trees, Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Random/Rotation Forests, Categorization/Classification, Neural Nets, Bayesian Networks, etc.
Experience with pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification, categorization, and entity resolution (e.g., record linking, named-entity matching, deduplication/ disambiguation).
Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI).

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
35,Member Data Analyst,"$43k-$77k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Blue Federal Credit Union employees work hard, have fun, and win for our members and each other! Our Member Data Analyst performs quantitative and qualitative research using statistics to analyze programs, products and services offered, market potential, competitive intelligence and industry standards to recommend and guide market efforts. Recommends marketing activity based on research and technical analysis. Independently drives data analysis and develops insights for use by management.
Directs central market research function, anticipates and evaluates useful market information, establishes standards for research methodology, and identifies opportunities to expand the scope of business.
Identifies, analyzes and interprets trends and patterns in complex data sets to develop recommendations to be used in promoting the organization and improving positioning, image and support within the target market.
Maintain appropriate databases and data systems for the department. Implements data collection systems and updates. Acquires and abstracts primary and secondary data from existing internal or external data sources.
Develops graphs, reports and presentations. Performs statistical analysis upon request. Creates and presents quality dashboards. 3-4 bullets on education and experience
Assists in development and production of direct marketing initiatives through analysis of target market universe, list development, design and production.
Must comply with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Patriot Act, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control.
Experience: Three years to five years of similar or related experience, including preparatory experience.

Education/Certifications/Licenses: A college degree.

Interpersonal Skills: A significant level of trust, credibility and diplomacy is required. In-depth dialogues, conversations and explanations with customers, direct and indirect reports and outside vendors can be of a sensitive and/or highly confidential nature. Communications may involve motivating, influencing, educating and/or advising others on matters of significance.

Other Skills: Strong analytical spreadsheet and communication skills, demonstrated ability to handle multiple project simultaneously, new product development, packaging design, competitive analysis, consumer promotion, advertising media and copy, scan data analysis. Familiarity with MCIF systems, CD-ROM directories and market data on disc, survey research and statistical analysis software, mapping software, market research directories and online data services.",4.1,"Blue Federal Credit Union
4.1","Cheyenne, WY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Other Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
36,Data Analyst - Online Education,"$32k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","THIS IS NOT A REMOTE POSITION


THIS POSITION WILL BE BASED OUT OF THE

TUCSON CORPORATE OFFICE

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Utilize advanced statistical abilities and tools to interpret data sets, paying particular attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive efforts.
Prepare reports and visualizations that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions.
Assist with preparing, collecting, and analyzing quantitative (surveys, etc.) and qualitative (focus groups, etc.) data from students, faculty and staff.
Partner with stakeholders to gain a thorough understanding of needs.
Mine data from primary and secondary sources and reorganizes into a format that can be easily read by human or machine.
Work closely with IT in establishing data systems protocols for data needs.
Coach team members on how to use tools to their greatest benefit.
The list of essential functions is not exhaustive and may be supplemented.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree or higher, preferably in a computational field such as computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering.
Three (3) years of experience working with large data sets or relational databases.
Three (3) years of experience with forecasting, trend analysis, and predictive modeling.
Demonstrated experience using SQL, Excel, R or Python, and visualization platforms such as Tableau or Power BI.
Experience working in higher education preferred.
Take initiative and ownership of projects.
Problem solving and analytical skills.
Business acumen.
Time management skills and able to prioritize and deliver projects and deliverables on time.
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.
Collaborative and team focused.",4.6,"Pima Medical Institute
4.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1972,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
37,Data Scientist,"$65k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","HPOne, named CT Magazine's 2018 Great Places to Work, is looking for a Data Scientist to join our team.

The Data Scientist is responsible for collecting, cleaning, translating data to meet the company's needs. Every business collects data, whether it's sales figures, market research, logistics, or transportation costs. The Data Scientist will use that data and machine learning to help drive HPOne's business plans.

What you'll do:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Develop insights and deliver recommendations based on data analyses
Work with business leaders to articulate business requirements for data analyses
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies for specific models or analyses
Optimize joint development efforts through database use and project design
Create automated reports and dashboard products, in order to display results to internal teams
Develop end-customer segmentation schemes by analyzing customer behavior
Perform ad hoc analyses and deliver recommendations
Develop and implement predictive models like decision tree, regression using R or similar
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Required Skills/Abilities:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field
Five years' experience with SAS (or similar), ETL, data processing, database programming and data analytics
Experience in data mining and statistical analysis
Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation
Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills
Experience with programming languages such as Java / Python (or ""R"")
Experience conducting regression analyses
Understanding of relational databases and data management as well as experience with data aggregation and normalization
Advanced excel expertise (pivot tables, VLOOKUP, report filters, etc.)
Ability to approach tasks strategically, while owning and mastering the details
Exceptional problem solving, as well as analytical and strategic thinking skills
Initiative to own projects from start to finish
Strong oral and written communication skills, with ability to work well with people across the company at all levels


Preferred Skills/Abilities:
Coursework in at least one of the following: mathematics, business, analytical marketing, information systems, programming/databases, statistics/statistical modeling, finance, economics, or physics
Experience conducting analyses and building predictive models using SAS (or similar)
Experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools preferred (like Domo or Tableau)
Physical Requirements:
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer, typically in an office or cubicle environment (constant noise, fluorescent overhead lighting)
HPOne is an Equal Opportunity Employer:

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) is a fundamental principle at HPOne, where employment is based upon personal capabilities and qualifications. HPOne does not discriminate because of actual or perceived sex, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity, gender, transgender, race, color, religion, national origin, creed, citizenship status, ancestry, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, medical conditions including genetic characteristics, mental or physical disability, military and veteran status, or any other protected characteristic as established by law. HPOne requires the necessary drug testing and background checks as part of our pre-employment practices.",3.6,"HPOne
3.6","Trumbull, CT",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
38,Data Scientist,"$82k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Varen, our performance is measured by the success of our clients, and our reputation for service, superior quality, objectivity, integrity and results. Our reputation is everything to us as we are committed to being a trusted advisor to our nations decision makers in a day in age that demands acute attention to detail in a fast-paced environment. Varen is seeking to add the sharpest technical professionals who share our passion for ensuring the mission success of our customers at all times.

We are looking for Data Scientists with various years of experience. In these positions you will work closely with the client to review and respond to data science requirements. These positions will involve analyzing both structured and unstructured data using data analytics, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence/machine learning techniques.

Experience with training and optimizing machine learning models and coordinating with data engineering components to deploy trained models to work on production data at scale is desired.

EDUCATION:


BS degree in technical field and 3+ years of experience

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENT:

TS/SCI w/poly clearance
Varen Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and applicants receive lawful consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status.",4.2,"Varen Technologies
4.2","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
39,Data Engineer,-1,"At Moser Consulting, a data engineer / bi engineer, performs advanced (senior-level) data analysis and data engineering work. Work involves leading initiatives to create data analytics-driven solutions for critical business objectives. This position represents the data management team to our business partners, and brings technical expertise to citizen BI and data analytics teams across the agency. Sr Consultants may supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgement. Consultants will have supervision and likely work with or under the direction of a Principal or Senior Consultant.
Works closely with customers regarding their specific data needs to develop the requirements for data subject areas needed.
Captures the inventory of data sources and dashboards to prepare and manage integrated data.
Acts as the IT knowledge leader on data warehousing and data analytics to the business.
Ensures data warehouse implementations meet business expectations and coordinates customer acceptance testing and training.
Ensures the customer can exploit the data warehouse solutions and helps identify additional possible uses of information; anticipates future needs and opportunities.
Assists in the identification and integration of potential new data sources.
Designs and develops ELT pipelines that extract data from various sources and load into the data warehouse or other systems.
Ensures that controls to verify the accuracy and consistency of data are implemented and monitored.
Provides ongoing operational support of the enterprise data warehouse, continued development and enhancement of the data warehouse, automation of daily data extracts and external system feeds, and development and enhancement of current dashboards.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer information systems, computer science, data management, information systems or information science or a related field.
High School diploma or equivalent and additional directly related experience may substitute for the required education on a year-for-year basis.
Six (6) years of experience in data warehouse, including dimensional modeling, ETL/ELT pipeline design & development, data management, data analysis, process measurement, and metrics management, or a related discipline.
Two (2) years of experience working closely with business analytics teams and data analysts, including PowerBI (or equivalent) experience with financial and accounting data.
Successful track record of Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse solution implementations (design, implementation, data visualization and ongoing support/maintenance) with extensive interaction with business users.
Emerging data and analytics technologies
Cloud platforms and development patterns
Relational and non-relational data structures, theories, principles, and practices.
Metadata management and associated processes.
Data encryption and secure transmission practices (SSL, SSH, SFTP, Certificates, PKI, OAUTH2).
Machine-learning, statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, predictive analytics.
Microsoft/Azure Certifications, Snowflake Certifications are beneficial.
Preferred Locations: Indianapolis, IN and Baltimore, MD
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
40,Data Analyst,"$29k-$38k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Smith is an entrepreneurial company with global reach, a casual environment, and limitless paths for success. For over 35 years, we’ve offered a place for driven, creative people to set and achieve ambitious goals in sales, procurement, and our supporting departments.

Opportunities await around the world. If you’re curious to see how you can help Smith grow while pursuing the next step in your own growth and development, apply today.

This Data Analyst will be responsible for data mining and building mining data tables, along with researching external methods, processes and software to provide business solutions tailored to new trends, demands and concepts. This person will need to have experience with the ETL process and strong experience with working with data coming from various sources, channels and in different formats. The candidate will also need to have the ability to structure the data for a software architect, correspond directly with clients, project or department managers, and/or business leaders to identify analytical requirements. This person will also be working with Project Managers, Architects, DBA, and Data Scientists. He or she must be comfortable utilizing both quantitative data, and qualitative knowledge. Other typical functions include but are not limited to:
Perform routine trend analyses and evaluations.
Analyze audit findings, identify trends and assist in the development of programs.
Brainstorm and form effective solutions to business problems.
Develop, maintain and assist in the implementation of programs and business solutions.
Monitor correction action follow-up from audits in business units.
Provide status reports to management, identify problem areas and verify compliance.
Clean, update and aggregate the data into more operable formatting.
Required Skills:
Bachelors Degree in MIS and/or CS.
Experience with tools such as SQL, Oracle & MongoDB.
Any ETL too experience (ex: Informatica, Oracle Data Integrator or Warehouse Builder)
Ability to work with relational and non-relational databases.
Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and switch between tasks quickly.
Ability to facilitate discussion, drive consensus and build partnerships.
Detail oriented and able to work in group projects and take direction.
Excellent verbal and written communication skill is a must.
Experience as a Business Analysis is preferable.
If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!",4.1,"N.F. Smith & Associates
4.1","Houston, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1984,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
41,Data Scientist,"$80k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E.W. Scripps is a company rich in media history focused on the future. We are one of the nation's largest independent TV station owners with 60 stations nationwide, and we are working to stay ahead of the ways in which people use technology to find news and information. Our commitment to the future means that discovery is commonplace, the status quo is challenged, iteration and collaboration are the norm and new ideas are welcome. Join a team of top performers and help shape the future of the most strategic and well positioned media company – E. W. Scripps. This position will be located in Cincinnati, OH or Washington, DC.

At Scripps, you’ll:
Have a complete modern data science/analytics software stack at your disposal.
Enjoy a broad scope of responsibility – with projects and questions from every part of the business and new businesses under consideration.
Know that your work will have an impact on key strategic decisions – changing and shaping the way we do business. This is why we are so selective in our hiring process.
Grow your talent with constant learning – with substantial investments in on-site and hands-on training and eLearning formats used to fill in the gaps.
Work on projects that are important and interesting to you – with focus on modern media and marketing strategies
Expand your horizons by attending and giving talks at conferences and professional networking opportunities with senior analytics professionals.
Become a leading expert in applied data science for media.
We are looking for someone who knows how to use the latest data analytics tools, will thrive in our fast-paced innovative environment, will deliver results and has the following experience and credentials.

Primary purpose:

The Data Scientist blends the skills of a business thinker with those of a data analyst: asking questions, turning data into knowledge, forming conclusions, and making recommendations that enable the company to innovate, differentiate itself from its competitors, work smarter, make better decisions, and enhance profitability. This individual will partner with the analytics team, analytics products and services director, business leaders and end users to be a change agent - teasing out the questions that are important to our business, and then use statistical analysis and data mining techniques to inform the answers and communicate conclusions both visually and in writing, along with recommendations and next steps. The Data Scientist will also participate in the creation and measurement of new business processes, tools, and products.

Key responsibilities:
Influence the course of the business as a trusted advisor to business leaders, users and clients, using data and analytics as a basis for better, more informed decision making
Creation of analytics and measurement roadmaps
Identify impactful choices or courses of action that drive value for the organization
Evaluate the big picture and solve business problems in addition to focusing on metrics
Influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating conclusions to cross-functional groups
Create automation applications to replace tasks for critical revenue generating teams decreasing time dedicated to non-revenue generating
Mine large amounts of data and perform data analysis to extract useful business insights for a wide range of topics including product development and performance, market dynamics, consumer and audience knowledge, internal operations, and external research
Initial study design, acquisition of data, prototyping and production roll out
Ongoing tracking, monitoring, and periodic follow-up studies
Support the design and implement of reporting dashboards that track key business metrics and provide actionable insights
Use software and other tools to develop analyses that identify patterns, influences, correlations, relationships, predictive factors, risk factors, and that provide better situational awareness
Creation of models, simulations, and optimization routines
Develop of data flows and acquisition strategies to facilitate the capture and sharing of data and analytics within the organization
Support the development of Scripps analytics products and services by providing input into product roadmaps
Be a positive force to cultivate a culture that is passionate about developing analytics as a business competency
Drive accountability for value recognition and business results
Create and contribute to a quality work environment that motivates team members to perform at their highest levels and positively affects employee and business partner relationships
Be a publicly visible presence, including creating communications and leading training sessions, advocating for the benefits of analytics in Scripps and the products/services of the analytics team
Education / work experience:
Bachelor's required, Masters preferred. Applied statistics, Computer Science, business analytics or a related field.
Minimum 3 years, 5+ years preferred, experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches apply to this requirement.
Experience and demonstrated success presenting complex analyses and final recommendations to business leaders and external clients.
Statistical method experience:
Analysis techniques such as marketing mix modeling, scenario modeling, pattern detection, A/B testing, nearest neighbor, cluster analysis, sentiment analysis, decision trees, optimization, simulation, regression analysis, agent-based modeling, ensemble models, collaborative filtering and other types of analysis
Software Proficiency:
Python, RapidMiner, R
Database skills (Snowflake, MySQL) experience preferred
Tableau
About Scripps:

The E.W. Scripps Company (NASDAQ: SSP) advances understanding of the world through journalism. As the nation’s fourth-largest independent TV station owner, Scripps operates 60 television stations in 42 markets. Scripps empowers the next generation of news consumers with its multiplatform news network Newsy and reaches growing audiences through broadcast networks including Bounce and Court TV. Scripps runs an award-winning investigative reporting newsroom in Washington, D.C., and is the longtime steward of the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Founded in 1878, Scripps has held for decades to the motto, “Give light and the people will find their own way.”

As an equal employment opportunity employer, The E.W. Scripps Company and its affiliates do not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis on race, sex, sexual orientation, gender, color, religion, age, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, citizenship or national origin, and military membership or veteran status, or on any other basis which would be in violation of any applicable federal, state or local law. Furthermore, the company will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship for the company.

If interested, please apply at www.scripps.com/careers.

#LI-CH1

#GD-CH1",3.5,"The E.W. Scripps Company
3.5","Cincinnati, OH",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1878,Company - Public,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
42,Marketing Data Analyst,"$34k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Can you work in a relationship with other people where it requires ongoing flexibility?
Do you have an upbeat, positive attitude?
Do you take pride in knowing you are helping to make things happen?
If you can answer yes to these questions, Idaho Central Credit Union may have an opportunity ideally suited for you.
As a Marketing Data Analyst, your primary function is to interpret credit union data, analyze results and implement decisions based on the data. You will be responsible for turning data into information and insight that aids in campaign and business decisions. Also you will be responsible for performing a range of functions in support of market research, market assessment and campaign implementation.

Assist in managing technical aspects of key marketing systems (marketing automation, CRM, data warehouse) used to generate, distribute, and report.
Establish and maintain scalable processes that ensure best practices in campaign and lead management.
Create and maintain metrics reports on marketing and sales activities, effectiveness, and business impact.
Analyze marketing and sales data to develop insights and make recommendations on areas for optimization
Monitor and maintain data quality within the marketing database.
Evaluate new technologies and add-on applications to improve and optimize marketing team performance.
Manage membership targeting to strengthen relationships, prevent attrition, and increase profitability.
Leverage web and email engagement to create member insight and data to help improve individual experiences with our digital channels.
Generate and govern segmentation efforts by developing queries and custom reports, target groups, and campaigns for product and service performance.
Track all marketing campaigns and provide meaningful analysis and insight for future efforts.
Analyze consumer segments and other demographic information from the membership database to provide insight for product development, usage, and cross-sell opportunities.
Manage third-party vendor integration with marketing systems including Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Integrator MCIF, Encompass CRM and Microsoft Power BI.
Represent the Credit Union at community events as needed.

Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Mass Communication, Advertising or related field. 5-9 years of experience with database marketing required. Preferable experience with: Raddon Integrator MCIF, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Microsoft Power BI, SQL, and data warehouse experience. Strong analytical skills. Proficiency in marketing automation systems and integrating those systems with other technologies. Technically capable, excellent communicator and a desire to improve processes. Math skills, Secondary-level computer knowledge including Microsoft Office, especially Excel and pivot tables, etc. Ability to maintain the confidentiality of Credit Union and member records at all times. A demonstrated cooperative and positive attitude toward members and other Credit Union staff. Professional in appearance, attendance, quality, and quantity of work performed. Ability to analyze member needs, develop, and coordinate marketing activities to fit member needs with Credit Union products and services. Must be willing to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act and USA Patriot Act as implemented by Idaho Central Credit Union. Team member will be asked to work extended/unique hours.
Perform tasks requiring manual dexterity (processing paperwork, filing, stapling, sorting, collating, typing, counting cash, etc.) Sit for extended periods of time. Lift 20-40 pounds of office supplies (copy paper, computer paper, mail, etc). Some heavy lifting may be required in order to execute proper event logistics. Repetitive motion using wrists, hands, and fingers. Reach keyboards. Ability to operate basic office machines (calculator, computer, telephone, copy machine, fax machine, etc).
Must be eligible for membership at Idaho Central Credit Union to obtain employment.
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability
Idaho Central Credit Union is a dynamic financial institution that is focused on helping our members achieve financial success. Established in 1940 we have become the largest and fastest growing financial institution in the state of Idaho. ICCU was voted for large companies the Best Place to work in Idaho. We have also been named by S&P Global Market Intelligence as the top performing credit union in the nation. We are a talent based organization looking for talented individuals to help our members achieve financial success.",4.2,"Idaho Central Credit Union
4.2","Chubbuck, ID",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1940,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
43,Data Scientist,"$95k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist
In this role, you will be set on a constant “treasure hunt” for new data sources to apply the latest techniques for modeling and data analysis. You will be part of a team driving the profit and customer growth of this growing insurance agency.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Working with internal and external data to understand and accurately predict:
Shopping behavior;
Retention behavior;
Quote and conversion rates;
Retention and lifetime customer value;
Contribution to overall margin;
Customer satisfaction; and
Other drivers of success you identify worthy of analysis.
Qualifications and Education
Knowledge of new and innovative modeling and statistical techniques – a relevant specialty is preferred.
Detail orientation – attention and desire to work on large data “crunching” projects.
Strong written and oral communication skills and a proven ability to communicate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Creative thinker with the ability to synthesize information from various sources and apply that information to concrete business problems.
Ability to work with and understanding of the merits of various data structures.
Proficiency with the latest modeling software and techniques, such as SAS, R, Python or Tableau.
Ability to understand the need to balance predictive power, interpretability, and ease of implementation.

Education:
An advanced degree in mathematics, machine learning, economics, statistics or a related field.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
44,Data Scientist,"$80k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Data Scientist will partner with stakeholders from various business functions to identify data science opportunities, have the knowledge, experience and technical skills to leverage internal and external data, and apply the right machine learning/big data technologies to turn such data into valuable insights and solutions for the company. The candidate will be tasked with gathering and integrating large volumes of data to develop complex predictive / machine learning models to drive actionable results and insights especially in the areas of fraud / anomaly detection, claims automation / self service and general efficiency opportunities. This is a highly visible and impactful role where the Data Scientist will interact with the senior and executive level management and have the opportunity to influence what we do and how we do it through data science.

Responsibilities:
Create a collaborative and effective working relationship with functional leaders to understand business problems, identify opportunities / use cases to improve the performance of our businesses
Lead / Contribute to the development of actionable solutions. This includes all aspects of the solution development including problem and goal definition, defining a plan for:
Sampling of the data and conducting experiments
Data extraction
Ingestion and processing (outlier and missing data handling)
Exploratory data analysis
Feature engineering (weight of evidence, label encoding, label count encoding, target encoding, time-series, polynomial interactions, binning, outlier handling)
Feature selection (forward, backwards, information value)
Hyperparameter optimization of machine learning models
Experiment tracking for A/B testing and reproducibility, model evaluation, model interpretability, results communication and deployment
Contribute to the adoption and better understanding across the company of data science best practices and tools and stay up to date regarding new knowledge and developments in this domain
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Core skills in Computer Science: Data Structures, Algorithms, Programming Paradigms and Relational Databases
Deep working experience applying statistics and machine learning techniques to real-world problems and data and deploying models to production
Hands-on experience with SQL and tools to access databases
Expertise in Python and R
Expertise with open source data mining/machine learning/big data programming libraries, models and frameworks (e.g. Pandas, Scikit-Learn, H2O, TSFresh, FeatureTools, MLflow, Shap, Microsoft Interpret, Tensorflow, Statsmodels, Pandas-Profiling, Seaborn, Plotly, Spark, Koalas)
Working experience with cloud computing services such as Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Excellent presentation skills to non-technical Associates communicating complex concepts in terms the audience can understand through understandable language, tables and visualizations
When evaluating the candidate, special attention will be paid to the following competencies:
Intellectual Curiosity and Critical Thinking, necessary to analyze a problem from multiple perspectives and examine the interrelationships between data that may appear superficially unrelated
Autonomous, to own projects end-to-end; ability to work on the entire stack without being dependent on other team members
Focus, to design and test a technique over days and weeks, find it doesn’t work, learn from the failure, and try again
Creativity, to invent and try new approaches to solving a problem
Attention to Detail, in order to maintain rigor and to detect and avoid over-reliance on intuition when examining data
Clear and concise written and oral communication, in order to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear and precise manner
Interpersonal skills, necessary to build good working relationships and work as part of a team
PhD or Masters in Computer Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Math or a related discipline or equivalent skill set",3.8,"JM&A Group
3.8","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
45,Senior Data Scientist,"$89k-$149k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Data Scientist independently develops statistical models that will enable future growth and profitability for our book of business through appropriate pricing and underwriting of risk. He/she is responsible for the formulation of statistical models and direct application of models to address insurance business issues. You will start your Senior Data Scientist role at home and then transition to working in our Woodbridge, NJ office when it reopens.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Produces complex predictive models which enable the creation of rating plans and evaluation of risk and profitability.
Develops studies that evaluate new business models for customer retention and growth initiatives as well as estimate the lifetime value of customer segments.
Identifies drivers of insurance costs, understanding the economics of customers’ behavior and estimating the expected losses for segments of risks using advanced statistical and analytical techniques on large data sets.
Develop or participate in the development of the overall analytical framework to support the company’s strategy for growth
Communicates analysis, strategy and recommendations to diverse audiences, including technical and non-technical.
Collaborates with upper management to assess the potential effects of proposed solutions and incorporates these considerations into recommendations.
Manages projects of high complexity.
Perform other job-related duties as assigned.
Advanced skills and training in predictive modeling, data mining and other quantitative and research analytics (Non-Linear Regression Analysis, Multivariate Analysis, Bayesian Methods, Generalized Linear Models, Decision Trees, Non Parametric estimations, etc.).
Ability to apply various predictive modeling techniques to develop solutions to various real-world problems.
Hands-on experience developing and delivering structured, methodology projects.
Exceptional programming ability in SAS, SQL, R or other programming languages.
Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills.
In-depth understanding of database principles and experience working with large databases.
Ability to influence and guide across departmental boundaries.
Qualifications and Education
3 or more years of experience developing and implementing multivariate predictive models using GLM and other statistical methods. PhD in economics, statistics, or related field required.
Or in the alternative, a Master’s degree in Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field (foreign educational equivalent accepted) and five (5) years of experience as indicated above.
High level of organizational and project management experience handling multiple projects simultaneously
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Woodbridge, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
46,Data Engineer,-1,"You can make a salary. Or you can make a difference. Or you can work as a Data Engineer at Herman Miller and make both.

About this Opportunity
As a Data Engineer, you'll move and integrate data across multiple disparate systems. You will clean, normalize, and aggregate Herman Miller corporate reporting and analytics. You'll also provide support to functional areas by acting as expert in tools and methods for accessing, analyzing, and reporting corporate data.

What You'll Do
You'll have opportunities to speak up, solve problems, lead others, and be an owner every day as you...
Assist end users in reporting and analysis tools.
Collaborate with Analytics and Business Teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increase data accessibility, and foster data-driven decision making across the organization.
Define company data assets (data models).
Design data integrations and data quality framework.
Develop and maintain scalable data pipelines and build out new API integrations to support continuing increases in data volume and complexity.
Implement processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for the key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Perform data analysis to troubleshoot data-related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.
Work closely with a team of Application Developers, Architects, and Analysts.
Work closely with all Business Units and Software teams to develop strategy for long-term data platform architecture.
Write unit/integration tests and document work.
Perform additional responsibilities as requested to achieve business objectives.
Sound Like You?
You might be just who we’re looking for if you have...
A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.
Fully proficient retail and online retail data engineering abilities, typically gained through five years of working with Python/Java, SQL, working schema design, and dimensional data modeling.
At least five years of experience, or and equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems.
Experience working with cloud services and cloud data warehouses.
Experience with Snowflake, Matillion, Tableau, Business Objectives, and Net Suite (desirable).
The ability to manage and communicate data warehouse plans to internal clients.
Expert knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service.
Experience with or knowledge of Agile Software Development methodologies.
Advanced problem-solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to identify and solve complex business needs.
The ability to be process-oriented with great documentation skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of customer service.
The ability to perform all essential job functions of the position with or without accommodations.
Who We Are
At Herman Miller, our unique culture represents the collective attitudes, ideas, and experiences of the people who work here. We focus on protecting the environment, impacting our communities, exceeding the expectations of our customers through high quality products, and championing diversity in all areas of the business, and together we are on a journey toward a better world. We support the well-being of our employees in and outside of work by providing a variety of opportunities including award-winning work-life integration resources, development programs, complex health and wellness offerings, and much more.

Herman Miller is a globally recognized provider of furnishings and related technologies and services. Headquartered in West Michigan, we have relied on innovative design for over 100 years to solve problems for people wherever they work, live, learn, and heal.

Herman Miller is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer including veterans and people with disabilities.

Apply Now!",3.8,"Herman Miller
3.8",United States,-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1905,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
47,Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations,"$120k-$193k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Job Title: Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations

City: Lake Forest / State: Illinois

Job Description

Join Reynolds Consumer Products… a world of opportunities! At Reynolds Consumer Products, we are passionate about achieving results and have fun winning as a team! We provide amazing job opportunities for growth with competitive salaries and benefits in an exciting, dynamic, fast-paced, and fun workplace environment. Are you looking to build a strong career and make a positive impact? Then we have an opportunity for you! We currently have an opportunity for an Operations Senior Data Scientist to join our team located at our Company Headquarters in Lake Forest, IL.

Your Role:

As an Operations Senior Data Scientist, you will primarily be responsible for solving operations problems by processing and analyzing data from multiple sources to identify meaningful relationships, patterns and trends. You will prepare data insights and proposals in narrative and visual forms and leverage advanced data science methods to discover opportunities to increase equipment effectiveness, reduce costs and provide insights to plants on process disruptions. You will have the opportunity to:
Improve the manufacturing process by formulating hypotheses, conducting experiments and delivering improvements to KPIs based on findings
Maintain and tune analytical models to predict and monitor the condition of plant equipment
Influence manufacturing decision makers by presenting statistical insights
Ensure our manufacturing operations operate at peak efficiency
Ultimately, you will be a vitally important team member in our Digital Manufacturing Group and help Reynolds Consumer Products succeed by leveraging data insights.

You will love it here if…
You are not only a team-player, but you foster a collaborative team environment
You are analytic, enjoy new challenges and thrive in a fast paced manufacturing operation
You are committed to operational excellence and to keeping others safe in the workplace
We need you to have:
A strong proficiency in statistical analysis methods and tools, e.g., Python, Machine Learning
3-5 years of experience in data model development, data visualization, and application of advanced analytics to drive business outcomes
3-5 years of experience in the design and implementation of data infrastructures and data hierarchies
Experience in AWS Analytics platform
SQL query skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
BA/BS in Data Analytics, Engineering, Business, or a related field
Icing on the cake:
Experience developing and implementing predictive maintenance and predictive quality models
Data visualization skills in Power BI
Prior experience working in operations research or related field, e.g., Industrial Engineering or Manufacturing
For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer that complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is The Law Poster: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

The Pay Transparency Policy Statement can be found on this link:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html

The poster and the supplement can be found on this link.

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm

For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.",3.6,"Reynolds Consumer Products
3.6","Lake Forest, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
48,Manufacturing Scientist,"$18k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Biomerica Corporation focusing on the research, development and manufacturing of immunoassay test products is looking to identify and hire a Manufacturing Scientist to lead Contract manufacturing project and production and process improvement . As a key member of the Manufacturing Team, the Manufacturing Scientist will report to Director of Manufacturing and be responsible for, but not limited to the following
Carry out production tasks in support of manufacturing goals and objectives
Lead and carry out contract manufacturing project.
Purify recombinant proteins using column chromatography system.
Perform antibody biotinylation and HRP conjugation
Perform Lyophilization for biological compounds
Compound complex ELISA reagents and perform ELISA assay
Lead and conduct NCMR or CAPA investigation for manufacturing processes.
Write validation protocol and execute process and equipment validation
Maintain records and notebooks in a neat, thorough and accurate manner. Perform required data entry on company planning and materials management system.
Initiate or update manufacturing document and procedures as needed.
Operate moderately complex laboratory equipment and perform routine equipment calibrations and maintenance.
Follow all safety guidelines, manufacturing policies and procedures. Operate under strict QSR and ISO compliance.
Provide guidance and training to Production Associate.
Other duties as assigned, according to the changing needs of the business
Job Requirements: *
BS or MS degree in Chemistry or Biochemistry with minimum 5 years work experience, or Ph.D degree with minimum 2 years experience in related field, basic computer skills (Word, Excel).
A self-motivated individual with prior in experience and hands on skills in the following areas: protein purification; antibody conjugate; lyophilization and ELISA assay
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 2 years (Preferred)",2.3,"Biomerica
2.3","Irvine, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
49,Data Scientist,-1,"Artlin Consulting is seeking motivated individuals who are passionate about helping clients achieve excellence. Qualified candidates will have a creative, holistic, and systematic approach to problem-solving.

The intermediate data scientist with solid data analytics and science expertise. The Defense Acquisition Data Scientist will be a key contributor on an Executive-level Department of Defense Analytic team, leveraging knowledge of data science, methodologies, and processing techniques to support analytics and gather data from disparate Federal, Defense and public databases in support of Major Weapon System acquisition and program management. As the Data Scientist, you will work with Department leadership and a diverse analytical research cell.

Position Responsibilities:
Leverage technical and analytical expertise to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Apply technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Create informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Document and visualize data both temporally and spatially, and present data to managers.
Create and provide informational briefings that are required to explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Investigate and implement new scientific analysis and methodologies to support data analytics efforts and stay current with evolving technologies and capabilities.
Complete ad hoc data extract and reporting tasks as requested by organizational leaders.
Perform data extracts and loads from source data systems to analytical data stores.
Work with business leaders to solve business problems by understanding, preparing, and analyzing data to predict emerging trends and provide recommendations to optimize business results.
Experience Level:
Bachelor's Degree Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or other business-related field, Master's Degree preferred
2+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience, DoD/Federal Government experience preferred.
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment
Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audience
Proven ability working successfully in a collaborative and diverse environment
Experience interacting with Senior Leadership
Secret Security Clearance and above for this role
Tools and Proficiency Level:
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar - Required
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar - Desired
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational systems
Big data and cloud processing experience
Experience working in a cloud based environment
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint
MS Access, SQL Server, SharePoint, and Visual Basic programming knowledge is a plus
Position Overview:
Applies technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Creates informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Required Education/Experience/Skills:
Active DoD Secret security clearance.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
2+ years of relevant work experience.
Strong team-building skills as well as confidence when working with senior leadership and peers.
Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) Tools such as MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar.
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting, and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational system.
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint.
Desired Education/Experience/Skills:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar.
Big data and cloud processing experience.
SQL Database experience.
DoD/Federal Government experience.
Artlin Consulting, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.1,"Artlin Consulting
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
50,Sr Data Scientist,-1,"We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to work with one of our US-based clients, which is one of the oldest and most trusted sources of global and financial news. In addition to print news, our client owns one of the most popular websites in the world and diversified its business across a range of media including information services, book publishing, and digital real estate services.

The team will be architecting a highly-scalable platform to power data acquisition, categorization, calculations, and visualization.
You are the one if you have:
At least five years of experience working in data analysis and data mining
Experience using R and Python
Knowledge in business intelligence
Proven experience regarding data and server security and manipulating large amounts of survey data
Strong communications skills
AdTech experience is a plus
Text Mining and Sentiment Analysis is a big plus
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Scientist role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
51,Data Scientist,"$60k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We have an opportunity for a Data Scientist to join our talented Data Analytics team. The successful candidate will work with customers and the engagement team to support the project management, project data analysis, process improvement, data conversion, and integration needs of our federal customer.

Typical responsibilities include
Collecting large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources.
Cleaning and validating data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity.
Analyzing data to identify patterns and trends.
Developing solutions and integrating, extending, and contributing to Open Source software
Devising and applying models and algorithms to mine the stores of big data.
Interpreting data to discover solutions and opportunities.
Requirements
Active Secret Clearance
Strong client engagement skills
Experience with languages such as Python, R, SAS, and SQL
Experience with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab
Experience with designing, developing, and deploying analytic software and algorithms
BS degree in Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or another quantitative discipline
Desired skills
Experience with open source Big Data tools including Apache Spark or Apache NiFi
Experience with entity resolution
Experience with Natural Language Processing using modern deep learning techniques
Benefits

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies:
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US

NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.

ACCESSIBILITY NOTE

NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"").",4.2,"NetImpact Strategies
4.2","Vienna, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
52,Data Scientist / Data Automation Engineer,"$110k-$178k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JSR is a global leader in material sciences and chemical engineering committed to contributing to social good by supplying materials to serve future generations and providing new value today for our customers and society in the areas of digital solutions, life sciences, elastomers, and next generation solutions.

We value Innovation, Quality, Customers, and People! JSR combines a deep Japanese heritage of materials innovation, with speed propelled by our strong customer partnerships with premier tech & life sciences companies. Are you interested in taking JSR and your career to the next stage?
The Opportunity*
The role of the successful candidate is to accelerate the technology and product development cycles through focused automation initiatives. This engineer will lead cross functional teams to develop tools and applications to manage data from multiple chemical manufacturing sites as well as quality and development data to enable proactive process management and system troubleshooting.
Collaborates with the Manufacturing teams and Digital Transformation Office to develop product roadmaps in the digital space.
Works closely with technology development, product design teams and IT teams to rapidly establish the data science infrastructure necessary to meet the above goals
Communication of project updates including status, needs, and risks throughout the management chain.
Establish Way-of-Working guidelines and deliver communication and training sessions to ensure seamless implementation of the automation framework.
About You*
7+ years plus B.S. or 5+ years with M.S. desired
B.S. degree in Engineering, Data Science, Material Science, or equivalent. M.S. a plus
Experience in chemical processing, organic chemistry, and analytical chemistry a plus
Proficiency and experience with Solution Focused Thinking - evaluating current problem patterns and devising a workable plan/process/solution
Experience working in an Agile environment.
Excellent data analysis proficiency required. Ability to do data manipulation via basic scripting techniques, macros or programming languages (_i.e._, Python) is preferred.
Knowledge of chemical processes and basic chemical structures, reactions and interactions needed to tie data into current troubleshooting or experimental work.
Proficiency and experience with Statistical Process Control (SPC) needed.
Strong computer skills essential – JMP, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, database and statistical software experience highly desired.
Detail-oriented and strong organizational skills. Quick problem-solving skills, able to communicate in-depth to customers, internal and external.
Experience in working within a cross-functional team is necessary.
Here's More of What You'll Be Doing*
Work safely by observing safety rules, policies and procedures. Identify unsafe conditions or actions to the immediate supervisor.
Perform analyses and report results with minimal supervision.
Identify and execute improvements to existing quality procedures for data analytics, following guidelines on accuracy and validation
Act as Product Owner for development of digital solutions that assist in more efficient and effective issue resolution.
Do deep, wide and detailed data analysis using existing across a variety of platforms (databases, LIMS, other operational flows).
Work on and resolve various issues with data sets, including standardization of values, units and naming conventions, as well as bigger problems with current calculation methods and any underlying assumptions behind the calculations.
Initiate and perform a variety of analyses and recommend statistically designed experiments to address customer issues with general instructions.
Maintain and verify reliability of calculation methods, language or programming behind current macros or other scripts for data analysis.
Create reports and group presentations using Excel, Access, JMP and PowerPoint, to communicate data to other teams – Production, Quality Control, R&D, Sales and Management.
Independently design experiments using statistical methods (Does) towards developing and optimizing new test methods for products and raw materials and facilitate the implementation of these procedures by educating and assisting other members of the Data Automation Team.
Work in a team environment, especially the cross-departmental Data Automation Team (Cleans Engineering, Quality Control, Production, Litho Engineering, Sales, Logistics and Materials).
Make suggestions to management for improving this position or improving work processes
JSR is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.

\\*\\*Recruitment agencies/Headhunter do not submit resumes/CVs through our Web site or directly to managers. JSR will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with JSR. JSR do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. \\*\\*

Location: 1280 North Mathilda Avenue

Job Type: Full-time",3.8,"JSR Micro
3.8","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
53,Data Scientist,"$58k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","STRATACACHE provides salable customer experiences, empowering retailers to learn deeply about their customers’ shopping preferences and behaviors, allowing for personalized shopper interaction. Our solutions deliver consumer activation at the point-of-decision, generating new sales opportunities and enhanced retail profitability. With 3 million+ software activations globally, we power the biggest digital networks for the world’s largest brands. Across the STRATACACHE family of complementary digital media/ad tech solution companies, we have the technology, expertise and track record to bring retail innovation that delivers results.

Learn more about the STRATACACHE family at www.stratacache.com.

Data Scientist

Do you love data? Do you enjoy creating statistical models and finding insights that make a difference? Are you interested in the future of retail, commerce, and customer analytics? If so, this is the role for you. In this role you will have the opportunity to work with software engineering, sales, and product organizations to develop innovative, impactful data applications. Your efforts will enhance the overall product quality utilizing many aspects of data science, including various types of modeling that drive toward strategic analytics. You will be focused on the future of the restaurant and retail experience by discovering insights while creating strategic, marketing, retail, customer experience and digital analytics. Your background in statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quantitative research, and/or analytics consulting will be very beneficial as you take on this exciting position in the company and join our Data Science team. In this role you will also have the opportunity to continue to build and improve the marketing of technology products that are influenced by data, understand human behavior and determine how to influence and impact the retail marketplace with exciting new solutions and insights.

Responsibilities include:

Design, build, and deliver statistical models and related actionable data-focused results to support product and customer requirements and initiatives.
Work closely with engineering, product and sales teams to understand business and technical requirements, translate these into important discovery directives, and follow through to optimize and support the enhancement and growth of Stratacache products.
Establish and make effective use of internal and external datasets to back up and support key strategic, product, and customer decision-making efforts.
Serve as the data science expert on cross-functional teams for large strategic initiatives and education on accessing and utilizing qualified and focused data for decision making.
Analyze, propose, design and successfully deliver data experiments for engineering, product and sales teams to ensure statistical rigor and effectiveness.
Provide expertise and professionalism in handling sensitive, privacy-protected data, including sources, structures, organization, and optimization.
Communicate complex ideas about our product through visual aids like charts and dashboards.
Keep up-to-date with emerging data science and statistical technologies, methods and practices.
Create and/or use existing data models for predictions regarding user behavior.
Communicate ideas, processes, and results to all levels of internal and external clients and teams.
Basic & Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree required in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Analysis, or other technical field related to software development.
Minimum 3 years of related experience working with data science and statistical modeling.
Experience in the QSR, retail or ecommerce industries from a data perspective is required.
Experience with recommendation engines and discovering new and advanced modeling methods i.e. deep neural networks, gradient boosted decision trees, etc.. is required.
Experience with SQL and at least one functional or statistical programming language is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with R and Python is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with REST APIs is required.
Experience working with Postgres, Timescale DB and/or other related database technologies is required.
Ability to distill complex statistical concepts and methodology, and articulate insights to cross-functional teams and clients with varying levels of knowledge in this space is required.
Ability to work with distributed and remote teams is required.
Experience with complex query writing is required.
Experience with result-set performance tuning and related data administration is required.
Experience with big data technologies is required.
Experience and understanding of various statistical modeling tools and platforms is required.
Experience in ecommerce, wifi, app messaging, social and other datasets is beneficial.
Experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence methods and practice is beneficial.
Understanding and experience with database technologies is beneficial including Oracle, SQLServer, etc..
Understanding and experience with BI technologies is beneficial: Tableau, Microstrategy, Microsoft, OBI, etc..
Experience with kafka, Go, or Redis is beneficial.
Understanding of data modeling techniques and star schemas is beneficial.
Experience with Hadoop and MapReduce is beneficial.
Experience with ftp, file transfers, data exchange methodologies.
A solid understanding of methodology, data and systems from a broad range of research and analytics providers, including emerging tools and methods is required.
Ability to articulate and tie data to business strategy.
Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills
Self-motivated, self-starter with a team-centric focus while working in a fluid environment.
Exceptional communication skills: verbal, written, and presentation.
Experience in the following areas: strategic analytics, marketing analytics, digital analytics, data analytics, statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quant research, analytics consulting.
Desire and interest to uncover and discover insights using disparate data sources.
Desire and interest in being the “Go To” person for data science.
Dynamic personality and passion for data, analytics, visualizations and storytelling is beneficial for this role.
Keen sense of user interface design, style, aesthetics and effective visual presentation.
Experience with agile development methodologies.
Ability to work effectively in fast-paced, results-oriented work environment.
Ability to handle and adjust to change in requirements and direction.
Positive attitude, attention to detail, and great problem solving skills are important.

STRATACACHE and its family of companies provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition, veteran, marital, parental, citizenship, or domestic partner status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law.

While we are excited and appreciate you interest in our opportunities, please keep in mind that we are not able to contact all applicants that have applied.

No vendor/agency solicitation please.",3.8,"STRATACACHE
3.8","Dayton, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
54,Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Deep Learning & Algorithms),"$74k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB TITLE

Research Engineer-Deep Learning Theory and Algorithms
Requisition ID

DSA31988
OVERVIEW
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. in San Diego is searching for research engineers at all levels. Candidate will work as part of a team on research and development of algorithms and theory of machine learning. Candidate will research fundamental theoretical aspects of deep learning as well as develop novel techniques to advance the theory and practice of deep learning. Candidate can also apply the developed theory and algorithms to advance the performance of multimedia applications, such as computer vision, augmented reality, natural language processing, or speech processing.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Understand state of the art machine/deep learning concepts, theory, and applications.
Research algorithms and theory of learning.
Develop machine/deep learning algorithms for mobile processors.
Develop simulators and analyze the performance.
Produce key intellectual property for machine/deep learning.

REQUIRED SKILLS
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Expertise in machine/deep learning, optimization, probability theory, statistical inference, information theory, signal processing, and/or image processing
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
C/C++, Python, and/or MATLAB coding skills
Publications in highly ranked journals and conferences
PhD is required

PREFERRED SKILLS
Experience on popular deep learning frameworks

*********************************************************************************************************************** Samsung Semiconductor Inc (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays. ***********************************************************************************************************************
Learn more about Samsung Semiconductor here.

A day in the life Samsung Video

Samsung Semiconductor Career Page",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
55,Data Engineer,"$74k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Group O is seeking a strong candidate with advanced analytics experience to fill an exciting Data Engineer role for an AI partner to Fortune 500 companies. In this role, you will be a valuable in managing large amounts of data and implement loading disparate data sets while managing the technical communication between the team and client.

Implementation including loading from disparate data sets, preprocessing using Hive and Pig.
Manage the technical communication between the team and client
Work with big data team to deliver cutting edge solutions

2-5 years of demonstrable experience designing technological solutions to complex data problems, developing & testing modular, reusable, efficient and scalable code to implement those solutions.
Ideally, this would include work on the following technologies:
Proficiency in at least one of the following: R, C++ or Python (preferred). Scala knowledge a strong advantage.
Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop 2.0 (YARN; MR & HDFS) and associated technologies -- one or more of Hive, Sqoop, Avro, Flume, Oozie, Zookeeper, etc..
Hands-on experience with Apache Spark and its components (Streaming, SQL, MLLib) is a strong advantage.
Operating knowledge of cloud computing platforms (AWS, especially EMR, EC2, S3, SWF services and the AWS CLI)
Experience working within a Linux computing environment, and use of command line tools including knowledge of shell/Python scripting for automating common tasks
In addition, the ideal candidate would have great problem-solving skills, and the ability & confidence to hack their way out of tight corners.
Education:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical degree",3.1,"Group O
3.1","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
56,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst,"$54k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you looking for a fresh challenge and an opportunity to further advance your career and grow with a fast growing company? If you have a passion for data and an adaptive out-of-the-box thinker with sharp analytical and problem-solving skills, exceptional organization, and able to multitask in a fast-paced environment, we have the perfect job for you!

We are looking for an enthusiastic Senior Business Intelligence Analyst who will be part of the USCCAs Marketing team to bring data to life by providing insights and actions through measurement of current marketing initiatives as well as those in the future.

The Analyst is responsible for accurate operational data reporting for specified marketing teams. This includes traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data for high level and detailed scorecards in addition to ad hoc reports based on specific marketing requests.

They will also perform exploratory analysis to provide recommendations to marketing based on proven data.

Duties/Responsibilities:
Supports Marketing area that includes Strategy, Retail and Product Marketing along with Media (earned, owned and paid) to collect, consume and act on analytics
Marketing traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data gathering
Filling out scorecards and tracking documents by designated times
Creating ad hoc or one-off reports to satisfy marketing questions
Discovering leading indicators and insights to improve marketing efficiency or performance.
Use data and statistics to support Marketing and formulate strategy
Visualize data for consumption and specific business action
Work with Marketing and BI team, to decide on the success metrics to measure
Organize cross-functional processes
Facilitate Innovation & Growth
Perpetuate a mentality of growth, innovation and ideation by way of staying informed of latest industry trends and methods
Be recognized as the thought leaders of self-defense education, training and trusted legal protection
Process Development & Execution
Participate in establishing and tracking KPIs to ensure all marketing initiatives are performing and growing as planned or better
Build long-term relationships with cross-functional teams, business partners across the organization and outside agencies
Willingness to enthusiastically accept many varied projects and new responsibilities as assigned
Qualifications/ Strengths:
Bachelors degree in Computer Sciences, Statistics, or related field
Work experience in Analytics, Scientific Research or related field
Experience with Marketing and Web Analytics a plus
Meticulous data gathering and reporting abilities
Have a cross-functional understanding of data (Marketing, Web Analytics, IT, & Finance)
Experience with data visualization or reporting tools
High level and granular understanding of marketing objectives
Ability to communicate with Marketing management and leadership
Strong analytical mindset and problem solving abilities
Ability to structure information
Affinity with Stratistics
Basic knowledge about IT ecosystem and programming
Strong organization skills
Ability to think creatively with a process-based mindset
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively to meet deadlines
Demonstrates the Core Values of Delta Defense, LLC
PM19

Powered by JazzHR",4.9,"Delta Defense LLC
4.9","West Bend, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
57,Data Engineer - Cloud Services,-1,"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out the Data and Analytics Practice. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Data Cloud Engineer :

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining cloud-native data lakes
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Familiarity with open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, Keras, or TensorFlow.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Understanding of relational database internals
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.8,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.8",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
58,Data Scientist for Detector Physics,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311174

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Signature Science and Technology Division

Group: Detection Physics
*Job Description**
The Detection Physics Group within the National Security Directorate at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a research scientist who will focus on studies of radiation detection physics using Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning (AI/ML) techniques. The Detection Physics Group includes research ranging from low background and high energy fundamental particle physics to radiation detection related to non-proliferation and national security applications. This position will focus on the expanding role of AI/ML within the group. It will provide the opportunity to perform analysis of data from existing experimental setups, and to propose, develop, and demonstrate relevant techniques on new data sets for advanced applications.

Major duties and responsibilities: Contribute to the development of the analysis of a variety of types of radiation detectors and experiments. Perform, analyze, and interpret detector characterizations for detectors of interest, including semiconductor detectors, scintillators, proportional counters, silicon photomultipliers, and others. Develop a detector-physics-focused AI/ML strategy with an eye toward fostering new funding streams and research directions. Engage in research activities with the broader AI/ML community at PNNL.
*The hiring level will be determined based on the education, experience and skill set of the successful candidate based on the following:**
*Level 2:** Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Builds productive internal/external working relationships. Works under general supervision. Follows established procedures. Infrequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts on routine matters.
*Level 3:** A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. This job is the fully qualified, careeroriented, journey-level position. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Frequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 2 years of experience, or Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or PhD with 0 years of experience.

+ Programming capability with languages such as C/C++, Python, MatLab, and R.

+ Experience with ""standard"" and AI/ML data analysis techniques.

+ Experience with particle detection software and hardware.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with at least 5 years of well-aligned prior experience or a masters degree with 3 years of relevant experience or a PhD degree with at least 1 year of experience.

+ PhD in experimental nuclear or high energy particle physics, or related fields.

+ Experience with software tools such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, and Keras.

+ Experience with data analysis and simulation packages such as ROOT, Geant4, and MCNP.

+ Implementation experience with high-performance parallel codes and/or accelerators (FPGAs/GPUs).

+ High level of motivation and ability to work with, form, and lead collaborative research teams.

+ Adaptability to thrive in a rapidly evolving, multitasked, research environment.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Detection Physics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-09_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-12-08_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
59,Geospatial Data Engineer (TS/SCI-Full Scope Polygraph),-1,"Clearance: Current TS/SCI ISSA (Full-Scope Polygraph) required*
Description: Provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The data engineer will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Other Technical Skills:
Experience scripting in Python and using NiFi
Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS (or willingness and ability to learn)
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality
Core Competencies:
Conceptual, quantitative, organizational, research, writing, verbal communication, and graphical representation skills.
Sound judgment and creative problem solving and independent working skills.
Sound interpersonal and teamwork skills to work with individuals and organizations, to include varying levels and types (Government, industry, and academia).
Facilitation skills to bring diverse groups together on issues and reach consensus across stakeholders.
The ability to perform complex analyses and to communicate its results using accurate, concise, and effective writing and through descriptive and graphical representations.
Technical understanding of the systems supporting aspects of the functional areas.
Knowledge of standard tools [e.g., the Agency Data Services Network (ADSN), iCE workstations, Microsoft Office, the Agency Internet Network (AIN), and the Microsoft Office software applications], as appropriate; and a demonstrated ability to learn to use and support other tools that may be added or developed as the program evolves.
Flexibility in assisting with ad hoc tasks and in adjusting as tasks are re-prioritized.
Travel: Minimal CONUS travel may be required.

Company Information: New Light Technologies (NLT) provides comprehensive Information Technology, Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) and Remote Sensing technology consulting and staffing solutions for government, commercial, and non-profit organizations. NLT employs a cadre of experienced project managers, infrastructure experts, system architects, data scientists, web developers, geospatial experts and software engineers who work across a broad range of COTS, Open Source, and custom technologies to devise the best solutions. NLT specializes in DevOps enterprise-scale Systems Design, Integration, Development, and Management, and offers exceptional capabilities in Infrastructure Modernization, Cloud Migration & Management, Virtualization, Microservices, & Containerized Computing, and the development of High-Performance Mobile Computing solutions.

NLT has a diverse customer base and is looking to bring on team members to work on-site, virtually, and embedded with our customers to help them reach, meet, and exceed their mission goals in every engagement. NLT offers competitive salaries and benefits including PTO, Healthcare, access to a vast network of group benefits such as commuter benefits and retirement plan access. NLT is an equal opportunity employer.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $80,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Weekends
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus
COVID-19 considerations:
While most of our work is done remotely during the COVID-19 Pandemic, this job in the National Security Sector requires physical presence on site.

Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Please list any presentations, repos, or other online content that is publicly available if you have them. For proper consideration, please make sure to take our skills tests in this indeed posting.
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Required)
Contract Length:
1 year
More than 1 year
Varies
Contract Renewal:
Likely
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://NewLightTechnologies.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"New Light Technologies, Inc.
5.0","McLean, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
60,Machine Learning Engineer,"$76k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Machine Learning Engineer

US Citizenship is required due to security clearance requirements.

Are you a motivated engineer who is passionate about embracing new challenges and solving the hardest technical problems in a team-oriented environment? Every day, the engineers at Expedition Technology work together to solve our Nations defense and intelligence challenges by using Machine Learning and Deep Learning to demystify data obtained from signals and images.

Our applied research and development mindset afford our people the opportunity to work on the most cutting-edge methods of optimizing deep learning networks, developing state-of-the-art algorithms and ultimately producing software products that are critical to our nations defense infrastructure.

The success we have already achieved has made Expedition Technology one of the top Machine Learning/Deep Learning research organizations in the Defense and Intelligence communities and we need additional intelligent, passionate, creative people to join our team.

When you join our team, youll have the opportunity to:
Dive directly into the latest computer vision and signal processing research to replicate new techniques published in academia and find ways to make those ideas work on a larger scale
Use your strong Python coding skills to research, design, develop and expand upon algorithms that will train neural networks to deliver actionable intelligence faster and more effectively
Develop deep-learning software prototypes that demonstrate potential usefulness to our customers
Analyze data from disparate sources including images, video, radar, signals and more
Brainstorm solutions to the toughest problems alongside a team of smart, creative, passionate engineers
Participate in machine learning brownbag sessions and other forms of collaborative learning to keep abreast of the constant changes in Machine and Deep Learning
Required skills:
Strong problem-solving skills combined with deep intellectual curiosity and the desire to push technical boundaries
Strong coding skills- preferably in Python, C/C++, Julia or other object-oriented language in a Linux environment
Software development skills and the desire to work on cutting edge development in a Cloud environment
Deep understanding of data structures and algorithms
Knowledge of computer vision and/or signal processing including techniques for classification and feature extraction
Excellent oral, written, presentation and communication skills
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field. Advance degrees welcome
US Citizenship- Must be a US Citizen eligible to maintain a US Government security clearance
Desired skills:
Experience with deep learning frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Caffe or Keras
About Expedition Technology

At Expedition Technology, we push the boundaries of what is possible every day. Our engineers work on the most challenging problems in Computer Vision, Digital Signal Processing and Software Engineering from a Machine Learning/Deep Learning perspective and collaborate to find the answers. We are a research-focused company whose mission it is to solve our customers most pressing needs in a creative, novel manner.

Expedition Technology offers self-directed, company-paid Medical, Dental and Vision benefits and the freedom to allow you to select which benefits matter most. We offer a 401k with a generous company match, a student loan repayment program, equity shares, paid holidays, paid time off and an education reimbursement allowance. Most importantly, we offer an environment where we are encouraged to push boundaries, take risks and enjoy the rewards.

Interested in joining our team? Lets explore together.

EXP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes a diverse range of talent creates an environment that fuels creativity and innovation. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, genetic information or protected veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR",5.0,"Expedition Technology, Inc.
5.0","Herndon, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
61,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence Early Career,"$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311096

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.
*Minimum Qualifications**
Bachelor's with 0-1 years of experience or a Master's degree with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-20_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-19_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
62,Data Scientist,"$89k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Scientist will be joining a team of extremely passionate data scientists, product managers, and engineerswho share a common interest in tackling some of the most difficult data science and machine learning problems today. With the data products you design, 7Park will arm influential decision-makers at financial and corporate giants with critical information they need to make smart, data-driven decisions. Our technologies and data power the insights for financial services and corporations.

The compensation package includes a competitive salary and incentive structure, generous benefits, and valuable business experiences, challenges, and excitement of contributing to the success of a fast-growing technology startup.

As Data Scientists at 7Park Data, we design and build data products that provide rich intelligence on real-time economic activity for our financial and corporate clients. To do that, we research and develop machine learning systems to extract decision-ready insight from massive volumes of structured and unstructured data.

Responsibilities:
Building, testing and maintaining all the components of 7Park Data’s product pipelines:
o Developing the transformation and enrichment logic that prepares messy, incomplete and inconsistent data for analysis

o Applying statistical modelling techniques to produce signals and packaging them in a client-consumable output
Work with 7Park Product and Commercial teams to understand business requirements, and their context, then translate them to a technical plan of action.
Evaluate new vendor data as part of our data acquisition process, form opinions on its future business value and the likelihood of success, and ultimately communicate findings to stakeholders at all levels of seniority
Collaborate with our Financial Research team to investigate hypotheses, produce commentaries and analyses on market trends, as well as refining new and existing products
Work with Product Managers at a strategic level to plan product roadmaps, recommend new products or enhancements, as well as estimating and prioritizing work. Ensure alignment of day-to-day activity with the overall product strategy
Develop systems to monitor the analytical quality of production models to discover anomalies, following through to investigation and resolution
Create technical documentation for both internal and external technical audiences, as well as contributing to client-facing content for non-technical audiences
Requirements:
3 – 5 years of relevant professional experience in an autonomous data analytics or data science role
Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics, computational finance, or a similar quantitative field (or relevant work experience)
Knowledge of statistics, computer science and machine learning
Strong programming skills in Python (highly preferred), R, and/or Scala
Strong proficiency with Pandas and Scikit-Learn
Experience with building distributed data pipelines using PySpark
Experience with several of the following concepts: decision trees, random forests, gradient boosting; linear regression; logistic regression; dimensionality reduction using PCA and clustering
Comfortable with general SDLC concepts and processes
Results-driven attitude with a strong desire to build data products and achieve results that matter- for us and for our clients. We come to play and play to win.
Deeply held conviction for the power of data, with high analytical standards and surgical attention to detail
Fearlessness in the pursuit of process improvement, implementation, and change
Flexibility and willingness to adapt to the changing demands of a fast-paced startup environment
Solutions oriented approach and multi-dimensional problem solving
Highly self-motivated and results oriented, proven track record of exceeding goals
Commitment to success and willingness to put forth the effort to achieve it
Strong written and verbal English communication skills – ability to communicate complex ideas simply and accurately to technical and non-technical audiences",4.1,"7Park Data
4.1","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
63,"Data Scientist, Analytics - AI Commerce","$114k-$181k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.

The mission of the AI Commerce team is to leverage AI to grow Commerce as a new line ofbusiness for Facebook's family of apps. In 2 to 3 years, we envision people coming to our family of apps as their primary shopping destination, with AI helping them find products they want to buy through a personalized and contextually relevant shopper journey.We are looking for a strong statistical and business thinker to be responsible for driving AICommerce effectiveness and growth. AI Commerce technology is applicable to the wide array ofuse cases, from video search to making every post shoppable, and is relevant to the whole familyof apps, from IG to Marketplace, and from Ads to new user experiences. We want to support our AI Commerce journey and guide it to higher effectiveness and larger impact through providingmetric definitions and facilitating goals settings. This Data Scientist will be creating and implementing measurement and opportunity sizing frameworks, experiment design and analysis, constructing training, evaluation datasets, and understanding major success drivers through data analysis and visualization.
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products.
Define problems and opportunities in a complex or ambiguous area.
Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches.
Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify new levers to improve user experience.
Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics.
Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations, and clearly communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams.
MS or other advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math/Statistics, Physics, Economics, or equivalent practical experience.
7+ years experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches.
Experience in SQL or other programming languages.
Understanding of statistics (e.g., hypothesis testing, regressions, ML systems).
Experience communicating the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product.
Experience in machine learning, deep learning, statistical analysis, or social network analysis.
Development experience in any scripting language such as Python or R.
Experience with distributed computing in Hive or Hadoop.
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.",4.5,"Facebook
4.5","Seattle, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,2004,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
64,Preclinical research scientist - Autoimmunity (PhD required),-1,"The preclinical research scientist (RS) – Autoimmunity will be involved in conducting research programs directed at identifying new therapeutic targets and developing new product candidates hitting these targets for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. The RS will write scientific publications, grant and patent applications and investigational new drug (IND) applications. We seek a highly motivated and innovative RS with experience in immunology, cell and molecular biology, and immunometabolism to work with our team on cell-based assays and animal models to drive drug discovery in autoimmune diseases. The successful candidate will work in a team setting and be responsible for cell culture, assay execution support and implementing a broad set of biomarker discovery, PK/PD, animal modeling techniques, and translational studies in primary specimens from autoimmune disease patients plus IND-enabling and clinical studies. The RS will be aligned with four fundamental pillars of Landos' entrepreneurial corporate culture: 1) Be bold and decisive, 2) Never give up, 3) Be solution-oriented, and 4) Do the impossible.
Responsibilities: *
_Experimental Design: _ Generate and test novel experimental hypotheses to advance discovery-based R&D at Landos. Propose controlled designs capable of robustly testing respective hypotheses to draw conclusions relevant to drug development research. Conduct research studies from in vitro to animal models of autoimmune disease to translational and clinical trials.

_Data analysis: _ Leverage the LANCE drug development platform to help identify new therapeutic targets and develop new drugs. Utilize established and novel methods to analyze data. Data types will include but are not limited to flow cytometry results, high-throughput sequencing, proteomics, protein biochemistry assays, and histopathology.

_Data communication and reporting: _ Develop lab protocols. Provide detailed study reports of experimental results. Generate figures, presentations and publications to communicate results with scientific community, investors, and collaborators. Support the development of peer reviewed scientific publications, patents and grants relevant to ongoing research.

_Laboratory Procedures_: Perform various standard experimental assays including quantitative real-time PCR, Western blot, flow cytometry, and ELISA. Work in sterile conditions to conduct cell culture experiments and maintain the growth of cell lines. Express and purify recombinant protein. Collect and analyze generated data.

_Personnel Training_: Training of Landos personnel on laboratory upkeep, experimental assays and research projects. Guide the personnel resourcing of projects and tasks.

_Animal Procedures_: Conduct various IACUC approved laboratory animal procedures and techniques for Landos projects including but not limited to basic rodent handling, oral gavage, intraperitoneal injection, blood collection, and euthanasia. Interact with animal facility personnel to maintain organization and compliance of animal facilities. Will design new animal studies for projects related to therapeutic efficacy or mechanisms of action of new drugs for autoimmune diseases.

_Teamwork_: Work independently and collaboratively in a matrixed environment. Be able to successfully work with other Landos team members in experiments.

_Regulatory Compliance_: Support regulatory compliance efforts as instructed by the senior leadership in accordance with IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocols. Implement, organize and maintain regulatory compliance records.

_Record keeping_: Keep detailed records of all activities, record these activities in ASANA, Google Drive, laboratory notebook, the Landos Colony Management System (CMS), and Labkey. Provide weekly updates of the Landos research progress to the Scientific Director, and Landos team. Maintains confidentiality of all data, information and knowledge.

_Product Development_: Support for product development ranging from development, interfacing with CROs, CMOs, and other vendors for IND-enabling and clinical studies. He will help support sales and marketing activities following NDA approval in the commercialization phase.

Maintain the confidentiality of all the company deliberations and plans.

Any other tasks requested by the President and CEO.

Act in accordance with Landos’ policies.
Important skills: *
A+ attitude, great work ethic, and attention to detail
Previous drug development experience.
Capacity to foster a fast-paced, yet supportive, working environment
Organized with ability to multi-task
Laboratory assays: real-time PCR, Western blot, and ELISA
SOP development, record keeping skills
Knowledge of mucosal immunity and inflammatory processes in autoimmune diseases.
Multi-parameter flow cytometry staining and analysis
Analytical software: PRISM, FACS Diva, FlowJo, Excel, SAS, IPA
Demonstrated experience analyzing, interpreting and presenting experimental data and developing reports, peer-reviewed publications, grants, patents.
IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocol writing experience.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $92,074.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.landosbiopharma.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Landos Biopharma, Inc.","Blacksburg, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
65,STAFF SCIENTIST,"$24k-$51k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: Staff Scientist

Requisition Number: 2020-2410-09

S&ME is an employee-owned engineering firm that provides civil, geotechnical, environmental, planning, landscape architecture, survey and construction services. Consistently ranked in the top 100 of ENR's Top 500 Design Firms, our markets are diverse and include transportation, energy, water/wastewater, commercial development, industry, healthcare, education and government. We recruit top talent and are currently seeking a Staff Scientist to join our team in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

The individual will perform field and office work associated with environment evaluations. Field work will include: soil sampling, groundwater sampling, surface water sampling, sediment sampling, wetland delineations, stream classifications, and fauna/flora identification. Other responsibilities include completing data entry to capture field activities, and the preparation of standard environmental reports. This individual will be expected to maintain knowledge of, and compliance with, regulatory requirements by attending environmental or natural resources training courses, or other in-house trainings. This position will require some travel and overnight stays.

Qualifications:
BS in environmental science, geology, biology, chemistry or related field;
2-4 years field experience in related field;
Ability to work outdoors in varying weather conditions;
Ability and willingness to accommodate overnight and out-of-town assignments;
Good technical writing, verbal communication, and computer skills.
This is a full-time position with competitive pay based on experience. Successful candidate must meet requirements of the company's Fleet Management Program, Substance Policy and Reference Check program. Submit resume, cover letter, and salary expectations for consideration. Only qualified candidates with acceptable employment eligibility verification (I-9) will be considered. Visa assistance not provided. S&ME reserves the right to fill this position with an internal or external candidate at any time during the search. S&ME is not responsible for unauthorized job postings or submissions of resumes using external links/websites.

No candidate/recruiter calls, personal calls or walk-ins accepted.

An Equal Opportunity Employer.

Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.7,"S&ME, Inc.
3.7","Chattanooga, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
66,Senior Data Scientist Marketing,"$130k-$150k
(Employer Est.)","****This position is located in Clearwater, FL and is only temporarily remote due to current COVID restrictions.*****

KnowBe4, Inc. is a high growth information security company. We are the world's largest provider of new-school security awareness training and simulated phishing. KnowBe4 was created to help organizations manage the ongoing problem of social engineering. Tens of thousands of organizations worldwide use KnowBe4's platform to mobilize their end users as a last line of defense and enable them to make better security decisions, every day.

We have ranked a best place to work for women, millennials, and in technology nationwide by Fortune Magazine as well as #1 or #2 in The Tampa Bay Top Workplaces Survey for the last five years. We have also had 27 record-setting quarters in a row.

The Senior Data Scientist (Marketing) will work closely with the SVP of FP&A and Dir of Analytics to implement advanced analytical models and other data-driven solutions.

Responsibilities:
Work with stakeholders in marketing to identify opportunities to use available data to develop business solutions.
Enhance existing data collection procedures to ensure that all data relevant for analyses is captured.
Cleanse, consolidate, and verify the integrity of data used in analyses.
Build and validate predictive models to increase customer retention, revenue generation, and other business outcomes.
Assist in the design and data modeling of the data warehouse.
Visualize data, especially in reports and dashboards, to communicate analysis results to stakeholders.
Extend data collection to unstructured data within the company and external sources
Develop machine learning driven products for internal use.
Perform ad-hoc analysis, presentations and other projects as required
Minimum Qualifications:
Master's degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or other quantitative discipline. PhD preferred.
Master's degree 4+ yrs in similar role: PhD 3+ yrs
Experience with statistical computer languages (Python, R etc.) to manipulate and analyze large datasets.
Experience with databases, query languages, and associated data architecture.
Experience with data visualization tools like Looker, Tableau, PowerBI, or Plotly
Experience in professional application of machine learning algorithms such as Random Forest, SVM, k-NN, Naïve Bayes, Gradient Boosting. Deep learning frameworks (Keras/Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc.) is a plus
Experience applying data science to marketing including attribution modeling, media mix modeling, and ROI analysis.
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical colleagues
Experience with marketing automation platforms and/or CRM software is a plus (Hubspot, Salesforce, Marketo, etc.)
Experience with AWS is a plus
Note: An applicant assessment, background check and drug test may be part of your hiring procedure.

No recruitment agencies, please.",4.8,"KnowBe4
4.8","Clearwater, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
67,"Senior Data Scientist, Zoro",-1,"Company Summary:
Zoro.com is an eCommerce company that sells business supplies, equipment, and tools—but we’re much more than just a website. We’re a team of people who win and lose together (we prefer winning!). Since 2011, Zoro has been working hard to make it easy for our customers to purchase everything they need to make their businesses go. Zoro currently offers 3 million products, fast and free shipping, no-hassle returns, and exceptional customer service. We’ve grown quickly in a short time, recently surpassing 400 team members and reaching annual revenue of over $500 million. Add to that our award-winning culture—we were named a Great Place to Work for 2019-20, among other accolades—and we think Zoro is a pretty amazing place to work and grow.

Primary Function:
Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of Zoro’s customer, product, eCommerce, and pricing plans. The Data Science team covers a broad scope of projects including customer segmentation, A/B testing, marketing investment optimization, predictive modeling, promotion forecasting, and pricing analysis. We are closely integrated with our business leaders and support their ability to make critical decisions. At Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead data science projects from beginning to end: develop and refine the idea, create a project plan and methodology, collaborate with business partners, execute, and provide recommendations for the company
Collaborate with other data scientists to develop and implement algorithms, write code, evaluate relevant academic research, and deliver outputs
Advise the company about tools, data sources, and best practices to facilitate digital marketing, pricing, and web analytics
Build predictive and inference models using Python and R to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, or channel investment optimization
Document code and data science processes that are critical to the company, and develop strategies to ensure those processes are robust and fault-tolerant
Communicate findings to business leaders and colleagues using data visualizations, presentations, and written means

Qualifications:

Experience leading data science projects that have a direct impact on company objectives
Demonstrated ability to assist business decision-making through data mining and machine learning
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions
5+ years’ progressive business experience in areas including marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, or statistical modeling. Experience using data science or advanced analytics in an Internet retailer or a top-tier consumer-focused company is required
Ability to translate complex business problems into project plans and solve them by analyzing large amounts of data
Familiarity with Python or R for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and cloud-hosted data platforms (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, etc)
Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker, and ability to communicate results to business partners
Master’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, or Economics
Knowledge of web tracking technology and web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) a definite plus

Final note: We share a commitment to our Zoro values – Win & Lose Together (We prefer winning!), Take Ownership, We Are Transparent, and Aspire to be Customer-Obsessed. Everything we do at Zoro is centered around delighting our customers. It's a natural extension of our company culture and how we care for each other. We believe when we act in ways that are consistent with these values, we can solve any technical challenge that lies ahead of us. As a Zoro employee, you can expect to work with smart, energetic people, learn something every day, and be valued for your perspective.

Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.",2.0,"Zoro Tools
2.0","Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
68,Data Scientist,"$80k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Engineering at Postmates

We’re building groundbreaking tech solutions that power our revolutionary logistics platform to help connect millions of customers with their favorite merchants every day. We’re tackling some of the most complex technical challenges in the modern logistics space to unlock opportunities that positively impact the local businesses and communities we serve.

WHAT WE DO

Postmates relies heavily on our engineering team to realize this vision. Building a software platform that is reliable, scales, and stays agile under demanding product needs is a serious technical challenge. Postmates is a three-part balancing act connecting customers, merchants, and couriers in real-time. If any piece is out of whack, the whole system suffers. Working with the Postmates engineering team offers an opportunity with explosive growth, cutting-edge technology, a highly visible charter, and a cool user-focused product vision.

As a Data Scientist, you’ll use your full toolkit - statistical modeling, machine learning, data mining, data visualization, and software engineering - to develop data products and models that are used by millions of users and power the growth of our business. You will collaborate with a strong team of engineers, product managers and data analysts in defining the frontier of data products and models in the three-sided marketplace. Data scientists will work on how to formulate a model from a real business problem, determine evaluation metrics, evaluate different modeling approaches, conduct data analysis, and build features and algorithms for the various challenging problems at Postmates.

YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Modeling and forecasting demand and supply to enable more intelligent matching, optimize the overall marketplace efficiency and provide valuable insights to our merchants and Postmates
Large scale Machine Learning algorithms that powers our Search Ranking models and Personalized Recommendation Engine
Predicting the Postmates Delivery Time (PDT) and improving the dispatching algorithm
Determining the optimal pricing strategies to help our Postmates maximize their revenue
Identifying suspicious transactions and malicious users for risk control
Natural Language Processing to understand text content on Postmates platform, including named entity resolution and recognization of reviews, descriptions and interactions between users on our marketplace
OUR REQUIREMENTS
A Bachelor’s/Master’s degree (or higher) in a technical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Operations Research, Math, Physics, Engineering, etc.) or equivalent work experience required.
minimum of 3+ years of professional experience in Data Science or Applied Machine Learning required
A deep theoretical understanding of modern machine learning algorithms, statistical models, or optimization
Extensive experience with data tools, Python (Pandas, Scipy, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, etc), R, SAS, SQL, etc and strong skills in data analysis, data visualization, and feature engineering
Ability to own your modeling work from model development all the way to production deployment and beyond with minimal help from engineers
Strong communication skills; Explaining complex technical concepts to product managers, data analysts, and other engineers shouldn’t be a problem for you
OUR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience with MapReduce, Spark, Hive, HBase, Google BigQuery, and BigTable
Experience with ML frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Spark MLlib, XGBoost, and Scikit-Learn
A bit about us
Postmates is changing delivery for good. While you may know us as the clever brand loved by celebrities and millennials, we are so much more. We are industry-first leaders in the modern logistics space, creating groundbreaking tech products that positively impact millions of customers, merchants and gig-economy workers as well as the underserved in the communities where we work. How will you help us change delivery for good?

Benefits
Postmates has your back. In our impact-first work environment, we value huge company vision. As you strive to build the future with us, we’ll support you with a competitive rates and equity plan, along with access to our 401k plan and robust benefits including: health benefits, flexible paid time off, parental benefits, and food perks.

Postmates is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants at Postmates are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.",3.4,"Postmates
3.4","Bellevue, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Express Delivery Services,Transportation & Logistics,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
69,Microstrategy Business Intelligence Analyst,"$73k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Headquartered in Modesto, CA, G3 Enterprises has been supplying the wine and spirits industry for over 50 years. As a single source packaging solution, its products and services include labels, stock and custom closures, warehousing, transportation, bottle etching, and mobile bottling.

The Business Intelligence Analyst creates reporting and analytical solutions that enable translating data into knowledge and maintains Microstrategy infrastructure across G3 organization. Analyzes business intelligence data to inform business decisions. Partners with other areas of the business to model the outcome of implementing potential business strategies.

Essential Functions
This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions; it does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned.
• Utilizes data architecture to enable business decisions and recommend technical solutions to management based on scalability and complexity.
• Provides guidance and analytical support to include analysis and research in areas across G3 corporation.
• Satisfies ad-hoc requests for information from G3 teams that aid in uncovering new understandings that drive decisions which move the organization forward.
• Acts as technical expert, addressing infrastructure needs, systems/applications integration, compatibility, and multiple platforms.
• Analyzes data to create and maintain reports, dashboards, visualizations, and other tools (such as cubes and views) in multiple development and production environments.
• Responsible for executing the implementation of the BI strategy related to G3’s SAP ERP and OTM systems.
• Sources data from various systems via Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) and external data sources.
• Designs user driven analytics structure using existing data architecture.
• Influences data warehousing teams to recommend data layer structures and integrate systems.
• Translates business requirements to functional and technical design solutions, specifications, and prototypes.
• Collaborates with development teams to design business intelligence solutions to facilitate data gathering, storage, and retrieval.
• Consults with users or decision makers to identify data sources, required data elements, or data validation standards.
• Develops test plans and facilitates testing prior to promotions.
• Creates and maintains technical documentation
• Performs cross-functional analysis and collaborates with stakeholders across departments. Partners and presents findings to senior leadership.
• Responsible for understanding and complying with applicable quality, environmental and safety regulatory considerations. If accountable for the work of others, responsible for ensuring their understanding and compliance.

Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Minimum Qualifications
• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, MIS, Mathematics, Data Analytics, Data Science, or Engineering plus 3 years of experience in business intelligence, technical architecture, application development, middleware, or database management; OR High School diploma or State-issued equivalency certificate plus 7 years of experience in business intelligence, technical architecture, application development, middleware, or database management.
• Ability to build and understand basic SQL queries.

Preferred Qualifications
• Master’s degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Business Administration, MIS, Mathematics, or Engineering.
• MicroStrategy Intelligence Server Development experience.
• Experience designing and executing Application objects and Schema objects using MicroStrategy Desktop.
• Experience analysis, design, development, testing, and debugging of complex reports, ETL scripts and dashboards.
• Experience troubleshooting high level issues to identify and resolve problems caused by the database, source data, ETL, or the Business Intelligence software (common examples: nulls in data causing joins to function incorrectly; ETLs running out of sequence; MicroStrategy Objects not set up properly).
• Experience with cloud computing and “big data” processing and analytics.
• Understanding of web servers and applications.
• Knowledge of components of an enterprise systems architecture
• Knowledge of business process re-engineering processes including Lean Six Sigma principles.
• Lean Six Sigma Green or Black Belt Certified.
• Strong understanding of network architecture and application development methodologies
• Experience reading, analyzing, and interpreting common scientific and technical journals and financial reports.
• Knowledge of emerging technologies and development platforms.
• Experience applying machine learning or artificial intelligence to BI applications.
• Possesses a passion for technology and its impact on the enterprise, customers and consumers along with a breadth of experience that can balance business, application and operational requirements.
• Strong understanding of systems and “systems thinking” with the ability to make trade-off decisions to accomplish system-wide goals.
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
• Excellent planning and organizational skills.
• Skilled in balancing long-term and short-term goals and perspectives of challenging situations.
• Skilled in applying multiple technical solutions to business problems.
• Remains unbiased toward any specific technology or vendor choice.
• Excellent analytical and technical skills.
• Skilled in navigating complex political situations to ensure successful change management.
• Exceptional interpersonal skills, including teamwork, facilitation and negotiation.
• Demonstrates strong technical thinking and developed high credibility with the technical community. Recognized by the IT community as someone who solves complex technology related business problems.
• Experience with performance tuning of business intelligence applications.
• Strong knowledge of SQL queries including writing, reading, and debugging.
• Experience working with Enterprise Data Warehousing, specifically SAP Data Warehousing (HANA).

Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk.

Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

EEO/AA M/F/Vet/Disability",3.9,"G3 Enterprises
3.9","Modesto, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
70,Data Scientist,-1,"At White Ops, we are all about keeping it human. We are the global leader in bot mitigation. We protect more than 200 enterprises—including the largest internet platforms—from sophisticated bots by verifying the humanity of nearly one trillion online interactions every week. The most sophisticated bots look and act like humans when they click on ads, visit websites, fill out forms, take over accounts, and commit payment fraud. We stop them.

Founded in 2012 in a Brooklyn sci-fi bookstore, our Bot Mitigation Platform protects enterprises from the sophisticated bots that threaten them. It's an ongoing war that we fight passionately every day. Join our mission to stop bots, disrupt the economics of cyber crime, and keep it human.

The Data Science team at White Ops is building the algorithms that run behind the scenes and power our bot detection engine. We deploy state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning models at a massive scale that distinguish human activity from automated bots.

What you'll do:
Develop algorithms (i.e. rule based, statistical, machine learning) that automatically detect emerging threats
Evaluate and implement data analysis strategies to improve detection efficacy at internet-scale
Ad hoc investigations to respond to emerging threats with velocity and quality
Collaborate with product, engineering, customer success, to define and develop new product features that will delight our customers
Research for case studies and white papers on bot detection
Contribute to toolkits and platforms that scale detection analytics
Who you are:
You have a strong sense of ownership which drives you to find ways to do things better, faster, and cheaper
You look to find new and innovative ways to solve complex problems through rigorous experimentation, all by yourself
You are open, transparent and work in tight collaboration with anyone
You constantly drive for correctness and performance, in that order
You are a data scientist, analyst, engineer and have solved difficult problems to prove it
You have proficiency with SQL, Python
You have familiarity with tools, libraries and platforms such as Jupyter notebooks, Pandas, NumPy etc
Track record of independent, creative problem solving with large amounts of complex data
Knowledge of how the Internet works
Comfort with ad tech terminology
Background in data science for security is a plus
Knowledge of how web browsers work is a plus
Benefits and Perks
Unlimited vacation policy
Stock options, 401(k), and commuter benefits
Competitive salary and benefits
Medical and dental insurance for all full-time employees
Fully paid parental leave
Professional development fund
Great coaching from senior leaders and challenging development opportunities
Life at White Ops:

Our HQ office is located in the heart of New York City. We are growing the company deliberately with a keen eye towards maintaining a culture that values diversity, lifestyle, and career growth. We are doing meaningful work and we need people to join our mighty team. We are proud of our overwhelmingly positive presence on Glassdoor and Built in NYC. We have offices located in NYC, DC, Victoria, and London.",3.8,"White Ops
3.8","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
71,Data Scientist,-1,"Back to search results
Previous job

Next job

JOB DESCRIPTION

A BIT ABOUT OUR DATA SCIENCE & ANALYTICS TEAM

Mars Petcare Data Science & Analytics team is core to our strategy. We’re using digital, data and customer insights to transform our business by finding answers to problems that we’ve often never asked ourselves before. Our vast data assets are being combined to build a 360° view of pets and pet owners to not only power Kinship’s businesses but also influence the next great ideas in the pet care space. This role will be key in helping us understand the power of our data, and how this translates into value for our company, our pets, and pet owners everywhere. Frequently the projects will be ambiguous, but that’s part of the fun; you will determine the best way to leverage our data to tell the right story for any given audience.

HOW YOU’LL CREATE A BETTER WORLD FOR PETS
Apply advanced analytics & data science approaches to understand and predict pet and pet owner behaviors
Collaborate with internal and external teams to ensure we focus on pet-centric product and service recommendations
Support new pet technology businesses and partners by generating actionable insights from our data assets
Develop compelling stories that provide insight into the drivers of business performance and pet/pet owner behavior
WHO WE NEED TO CHART THE FUTURE OF PET CARE

We strive to hire people who are passionate about our mission: Shaping the Future of Pet Care. For all of our Kinship roles, we look for candidates who exemplify our core values. We believe what we do is just as important as how we do it, and we aim to hire people who are:
Optimistic
Purposefully Inquisitive
Open to All
And for this role, we hope you have the following skills we require to knock it out of the dog park:
Truly inspired by, and want to live, our purpose of creating a better world for pets.
4+ years’ experience in a data science role handling varied and complex data
Varied technical experience in delivering statistical analytics, data science and insight on large-scale consumer data sets across multiple sectors, including packaged goods and retail
Hands-on experience with Python is required; Familiarity with PySpark is also desirable
Comfortable with ambiguity, with a passion for collaboration to achieve objectives
A Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field (economics, statistics, business, computer science) or equivalent experience
Passion for growing and strengthening a business using data driven approaches
Familiarity with cloud-based computing services e.g. AWS, Databricks, etc.
Enjoys explaining how technical concepts to both non-technical and technical stakeholders.
WHY JOIN US?

We offer our associates a unique opportunity to have a completely customizable career within pet care. Through Kinship you will work with and learn from a community of industry executives, pet partners, entrepreneurs, and fellow associates across our startup investment companies, outside partners, and in Mars Petcare. Our nimble and flexible approach to work allows you to make an immediate impact across businesses, while learning new skills at every stage. The diversity of our work opens doors to big opportunities and unlocks enormous potential for countless career experiences in pet care. Join us in our mission to chart the future of pet care, alongside the industry’s brightest minds.

Kinship’s offices are global, and so are our associates. We are located in NYC, San Francisco, Portland, London, Helsinki, Shanghai, and in Moscow. Many of us flex between our dog-friendly hubs and our home offices. Today, Kinship offers exceptional benefits for you, your family, and your pets, generous paid time off, exponential opportunities to build a career within pet care, and progressive reward packages. Interested? Let’s take big strides, together.",4.0,"Mars
4.0",United States,-1,10000+ Employees,1911,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
72,"Business Intelligence Analyst, Sales","$47k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Dosh:
We have created the fastest growing card-linked offer platform that automatically puts cash into the wallets of millions of consumers whenever they shop, dine and book hotels. Through our vision to democratize advertising for the benefit of people everywhere, we connect leading brands and merchants directly to consumers, driving customers in-store and online to purchase more often, spend more and socially share the brands they engage with, creating new customer acquisition. Dosh is built on the mission to positively impact people's lives by moving billions of dollars to millions of people.

Impact:

The Analytics team is hiring a Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst, Sales to drive insights through collaborative partnerships with business stakeholders. Our Analysts live and breathe data. You will be knowledgeable about designing and developing insightful analyses to answer business questions. You will directly interface with the analytics/data science team to discover visualization methods to present advanced analytics data. You will build dashboards, reports, visualizations, algorithms, and tools to solve interesting business problems. You want this job if: 1) you are a highly analytical thinker who enjoys solving complex problems using expert coding and visualization skills, 2) can identify problems in complex data, 3) love working with people, and 4) excel at explaining data driven insights to influence business strategy.

Responsibilities:
SQL Coding for reports, dashboards, and visualizations. Using Python (or R) to help your stakeholders improve their performance, and sometimes designing algorithms to decipher deeper why and how questions.
Understanding your business stakeholders’ objectives, the metrics that are the most important to them, and how they measure their performance.
Turning business requirements into technical requirements.
Finding and understanding the correct data sources for a given analysis.
Iterating based on stakeholder feedback.
Visualizing complex analysis.
Learning from, and sharing knowledge and skills with your teammates to grow BI’s total impact to the organization.
What you will bring:
Bachelor of Science in math, statistics, computer science, or equivalent technical field. Master of Science in any of the aforementioned fields, preferred.
2+ years of industry and client consulting experience in a data science, business analytics, business intelligence, or comparable data engineering role.
2+ years of experience using SQL to write complex, highly-optimized queries across large volumes of data.
Experience with Tableau or equivalent to create impactful reports, visualizations, and interactive dashboards.
Experience in report development, data warehousing, as well as BI tools, techniques, and technology
Experience using Python or R programming languages, preferred.
Excellent oral and written communication skills, and comfort presenting to everyone from entry-level employees to senior leaders.
Ability to directly connect analytic insights to strategy drivers.
Knowledge of ETL and data warehouse concepts and processes.
Sensitivity to clients' needs and ability to develop warm client relationships.
Curiosity and passion about data, visualization and solving problems.
Creativity to determine the best solution for a real-world problem with quantitative data.
Experience with reporting, descriptive statistics, probability, and cleaning big datasets.
Willingness to question the validity, accuracy of data and assumptions.
Enjoyment from collaborating with others in a team environment.
Eagerness to learn in a fast-paced environment.
Drive and self-reliance.
Dosh Employee Perks:
The opportunity to join us on our mission to positively impact millions of people's lives financially.
A ground floor opportunity with the Dosh team.
The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders.
Fun, driven, innovative and supportive co-workers who will push you to be your best.
Competitive compensation and benefits.
At Dosh we celebrate and support all differences. Dosh is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital, disability & veteran status.",3.6,"Dosh
3.6","Austin, TX",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
73,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Hi - we’re Topaz Labs. We create AI-powered software that solves photographers’ biggest problems like one-click noise reduction, super-simple masking, and pixel-perfect image upscaling. Tens of thousands of paid customers use our technology every day, ranging from amateur photographers to major Hollywood movie studios. Our AI image enhancement technology has been recognized in Fast Company, The Verge, Engadget, Ars Technica, and more.

We’re looking for a mid to senior-level Deep Learning Researcher to help us accelerate our technology development. Although your scope will later expand, you’ll start with owning R&D for one of our primary products Sharpen AI:
Develop and integrate better deep-learning models in three areas: shake reduction, focus correction, and general sharpening
Lead development on supplemental AI features like auto-masking or model selection
Explore new model research and development for sharpening images
We’re looking for a pretty specific person for this role - someone with a high work ethic, intellectual humility, and a shipping mentality. We’re a small company with a high-visibility and high-performance culture, so you will work with a high degree of impact and autonomy. This is an ideal role for an excellent ML researcher whose primary motivation is to see their work in the hands of thousands of real users.
Technical requirements
Prior key contributor to significant deep learning projects for image manipulation or enhancement
Significant prior experience with CNNs and other common computer vision network architectures
2 years of intensive hands-on experience with TensorFlow or other ML frameworks
Good understanding of common image processing algorithms
Proficient in C/C++, OpenCV.
Well-read on major recent research papers in deep learning for image or video enhancement
PhD preferred, but may consider MS or BS in Computer Science / Engineering
Our technology advantage has already driven 10% month-over-month active user growth for our company. This is a great opportunity for the perfect person to accelerate our technology and growth even further. Your compensation will be tied directly to the performance of the company. We’re also proud to offer 100% covered platinum-level medical/dental/vision for employees, 15 days annual PTO plus holidays, and 401k matching.",3.9,"Topaz Labs
3.9","Dallas, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
74,Software Engineer - Data Science,"$60k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels with Data Science experience. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for assisting in solving real world problems using data science techniques. The candidate should be experienced with exploratory data analysis, machine learning, network graph modeling, information insight, data mining, data driven analytics and statistical methods.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop and deploy software solutions
Self-motivated and have a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Working directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems
Creating and deploying predictive models from a wide variety of data sources and types using the latest mathematical and statistical methods
Performing enterprise level software development, integration, and implementation using advanced data science or big data technologies
Establishing and implementing end-to-end proof of concepts
Performing data mining, statistical analysis, predictive modeling and simulation, and forecasting for the development of solutions
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams using documentation, presentations, and demonstrations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design and development of data science software applications
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Experience with Exploratory Data Analysis including wrangling, grooming, transformation, and analysis
Experience applying statistical methods to solve data problems
Software development programming experience in languages such as Python, R, Java, Scala
Experience using IDE tools such as Jupyter to develop and demonstrate results
Experience with integrating and using Data Science libraries such as scikit-learn, MlLib, Pandas, python (Jupyter, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.), R, Java
Experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques
Experience with Agile development and Agile tools (i.e. Jira, Confluence)
Experience within the SIGINT mission environment and an understanding of customer data formats
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Experience using large-scale distributed frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, Tensorflow
Experience with GPU-based machine learning techniques


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
75,Data Scientist,-1,"About us

Boxy Charm was founded in 2013 and continues to be a leader in the beauty subscription box industry experiencing immense growth of more than 100% year over year. We work with some of the hottest brands including Butter London, Dr. Brandt, Elemis, GlamGlow, Smashbox, Tarte, Too Faced and many more.

Today, Boxy Charm has a community of more than 2.4 million followers across its social media platforms, 10 million monthly visitors online and is the #1 searched beauty box brand on YouTube. In 2018, Inc magazine named it as one of the fastest growing companies in the nation. Boxy Charm is headquartered in South Florida and has an office in Toronto, Canada.

About you

Boxy Charm is seeking a Data Scientist who will use a range of data science and machine learning methodologies to build solutions for a variety of business initiatives. Additionally, the ideal candidate will be able to solve complex problems and apply those solutions within a cutting-edge cloud-based technology platform.

The role will be filled with a solution-oriented candidate that thrives on working in a highly dynamic and engaging environment.

What you will be doing
Work closely with different business units and translate high level business problems into actionable deliverables for the Data & Algorithms team
Work with a wide variety of data ranging between social media and email to customer transactions and logistics
Develop a variety of machine learning models including customer recommendations, customer propensity, forecasting, and marketing performance.
Collaborate closely with the Software Development and DevOps teams to ensure continued delivery of high-quality data through our data processing pipeline
Partner with various business stakeholders and implement solutions that improve their business process
Conduct big data analysis using SQL, Python, Snowflake, Spark and other technologies
Break down complex projects and problems into actionable tasks that be delivered quickly and iteratively and provide value to the business stakeholders
Key Understandings
Customer lifetime value, regression analysis, cohorts, retention, customer lifecycle, customer segmentation, machine learning, large-scale data analysis, classification and propensity modeling
What you will bring to the table
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Math, Statistics or a related field
3+ years of experience programming in languages such as Python, Java, Scala, Ruby, R
3+ years of experience working with SQL and relational databases
3+ years of experience with machine learning, statistical modeling, and data mining techniques
Experience with one or more machine learning algorithms such as neural networks, regression, clustering etc.
Working experience with machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow, Keras, ScikitLearn, H20.ai, MXNet, Caffe, Gluon etc. is highly desirable
Experience working in an Agile (SCRUM, XP etc.) development environment
Experience with AWS or other cloud environments is desirable
Knowledge of Big Data and NoSQL systems such as Snowflake, Hadoop, Spark, MongoDB, etc. is a plus",3.1,"Boxy Charm
3.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Beauty & Personal Accessories Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
76,Physical Scientist,-1,"Physical Scientist

Melbourne, FL

Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance

National Security

Job Description

ENSCO's National Security Solutions (NSS) Division provides innovative customized products and services vital to national safety and security. We seek a team-oriented Physical Scientist / Computational Chemist to perform technical support on a variety of environmental modeling and simulation projects. The successful candidate will use analytical problem solving skills to address unique modeling and simulation challenges and will often work with a multidisciplinary team of scientists to meet these needs. This will range from predicting physical property data, interpreting spectral signatures, and comparing modeled and experimental data. The ability to describe and document the modeling work to a varied audience through report writing and technical presentation is important.

Qualifications Required (Skills)

Bachelor’s degree with 3 years’ experience in a Physical Science (Chemistry, Physics), Mathematics, or Chemical Engineering, or equivalent
Experience in the following areas:
Course work in Chemistry, Computational Chemistry Methods, and Statistics.
Application of quantum chemical chemistry methods to supplement experiment.
Chemical principles associated with environmental fate (gas or condensed phase), spectral signatures, and modeling and simulation.
Must be proficient on various platforms (PC, Unix and/or Linux), experience using High Performance Computing platforms (CPU), and a strong background in modeling using, physics, chemistry, or applied mathematics, experience in low level programming languages (e.g., C, C++, Rust, or Fortran), and basic statistics.
Strong analytical problem-solving skills and a demonstrated ability to apply technical knowledge towards solving real-world problems
Excellent technical writing and verbal skills
Ability to communicate with multidisciplinary teams of scientists and engineers
The ability to obtain a SECURITY CLEARANCE is essential for which you must be a U.S. citizen. If you do not meet this requirement, you will not be considered.

Qualifications Desired

Master’s degree in a Physical Science (Chemistry, Physics), Mathematics, or Chemical Engineering
Knowledge of programming languages including R and Python
Experience working with High Performance Computing platforms (CPU and GPU).
Skill using environmental and engineering modeling tools including HPAC, SCIPUFF, ChemCAD, QUIC, and ARC-GIS
Experience in any of the following areas: Infrared Spectroscopy (near, mid, and far), quantum chemical modeling, nuclear chemistry, mechanistic chemistry, kinetics modeling, statistical analysis of laboratory data.
Experience in Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives (CBRNE) programs
#LI-KM1

Req ID

1989BR

Internal Position Title

Scientist III

Employment Status

Regular Full-time

General Education/Years of Experience

BS or equiv; min 3 yrs relevant exp

U.S. Citizenship

Yes

Background Check Type

7 year

Drug Screen Type

None

Export Control and Licensing

None

Contract Award Contingency

No

Recruiter

Kierra McDonald

Division Description

The National Security Solutions (NSS) Division provides security solutions for the United States government. NSS employees offer a multi-disciplinary approach to solve some of the most challenging technical problems in complex operational environments. Our areas of expertise are in sensor development and integration; chemical, biological and geophysical phenomenology; software applications and modeling; and operational applications of technology.

Key customers include the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, and the Intelligence Community.

Strength in Diversity

ENSCO, Inc. and its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under state or local law.",3.8,"ENSCO, Inc.
3.8","Melbourne, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1969,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
77,Sr Data Engineer,-1,"We are looking for a Senior Data Engineer to work with one of our US-based clients, who is reinventing the delivery of health and human services. Our client’s collaborative platform unites healthcare providers, government, and the community around the common goal of improving health outcomes for everyone.

Data has long been a foundation of our client’s system and their requirements around data have grown more sophisticated and central to their mission. They are now harvesting the data in the platform and transforming it into an actionable source of information that stakeholders use to understand the impact that Social Determinants of Health are having on communities.

The company is made up of 160 professionals, including QAs, Product Managers, and 30 Engineers, mostly based in the NY area. Some of the main technologies used are APIs, Ruby on Rails, Golang, Lambda AWS, Neo4J running on EC2 nodes, MySQL, Postgres, microservices, enterprise data warehouse, Redshift, and Tableau. The team is currently working on a single-page application on front-end technologies such as React and JavaScript.

Our client is looking for people to join their team who share a passion for their mission to reinvent Health & Human Services and aspire to make a lasting difference for future generations.
You are the one if you have:
Strong experience building Data Warehouses using Spark and Python or Java
Strong experience using Scala for data transformations
Vast knowledge about ETL processes and Data Lakes
Experience with AWS (S3, Redshift Spectrum)
It’s a bonus if you have experience working with:
Tableau
Neo4J
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Engineer role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
78,Treasury Data Analyst,"$46k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number:
4141

Job Title:
Treasury Data Analyst

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
SUMMARY: The Treasury Analyst supports execution and provides ad hoc analysis across all treasury functions including risk management, funding & liquidity, forecasting, and reporting.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.

Analysis
Run long-term deposit analysis projects to identify opportunities to efficiently grow the retail deposit portfolio. This analysis will include developing, testing, and maintaining statistical behavioral models and reporting findings to senior management.
Develop reporting tools to streamline reporting and increase depth of understanding of customer behavior and customer lifetime value.
Develop adhoc analytics around liquidity management, funding alternatives and execution, and opportunity cost of different approaches to funding.

Reporting / Reconciliation
Enhance standard daily and periodic reporting and maintain process documentation for all relevant reports including funding mix/cost of funds and certain liquidity metrics.
Testing and implementation of new technology tools including Tableau dashboards and other platforms.
Develop new dashboard and key metrics to monitor liquidity and funding profile across various portfolios, time horizons, and markets.

Operations
Act as occasional back up for cash position reporting and exception pricing processing and escalation of non-standard pricing requests.
Maintain up-to-date process documentation around reporting processes including data sources and inputs.
Engage with different groups across IT, operations, and product development to enhance reporting, identify new data sources, and enhance the bank's understanding of customer behaviors.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Accounting, or related fields from an accredited institution
CFA or MsF preferred
Minimum 3 years in corporate treasury or financial services required
Alternate combination of education and experience may be considered
Experience with statistical modeling or econometric modeling including data management, model development, and interpreting and presenting results
Strong skills in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and ability to clearly communicate
Proficiency in statistical modeling/programming languages such as R, Python, or SQL required
Willingness to learn new analysis, querying, and data visualization programs required",3.0,"BankUnited
3.0","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
79,Research Data Analysts,"$31k-$55k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

This position is term-limited for one year at the start of the appointment.

In addition to your resume, please include a short summary (less than one page) with how this position fits within your career goals, why you are interested, and when you would be available to join the team

Reporting to Dr. Emily Martin or Dr. Marisa Eisenberg, you will be a critical part of the University of Michigan COVID response efforts. You will develop research and data collection strategies related to the campus-wide COVID-19 Community Sampling and Tracking program, the COVID-19 Dashboard and efforts related to data modeling and analysis of overall COVID response efforts. These programs will provide our public health experts with early warning signs and identify opportunities to slow COVID-19 transmission. You will work with a team of researchers and play an essential role in the public health response to COVID-19 by supporting initiatives that will add to our understanding of how the virus is affecting our community.
Develop research and data collection strategy to support program outcomes
Refine program and data collection strategy to support outcomes
Identify programmatic or data issues and build solutions
Design, develop and run complex research analyses and continuous improvement efforts
Collect data, ensure its integrity and interpret results
Create written communications, reports and recommendations
Coordinate with partners for data collection and submission
Write technical portions of grant proposals and manuscripts
Master's of Public Health in Epidemiology or Master’s Degree in Biostatistics or other related field
Formal training in large, public health research projects
3+ years of experience coordinating health-related research projects
Formal training and expert proficiency with R and SAS
In addition to a career filled with purpose and opportunity, the University of Michigan offers a comprehensive benefits package to help you stay well, protect yourself and your family and plan for a secure future. Benefits include:
Generous time off
A retirement plan that provides two-for-one matching contributions with immediate vesting
Many choices for comprehensive health insurance
Life insurance
Long-term disability coverage
Flexible spending accounts for healthcare and dependent care expenses
Michigan Public Health is seeking an experienced and dynamic staff member with a commitment to contributing to a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment for all members of our community.",4.4,"University of Michigan
4.4","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1817,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
80,Master Data Analyst,"$42k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Summary:

Under general supervision, the Master Data Analyst will have the primary responsibility for ensuring that master data is maintained by entering, updating, and maintaining master data, as well as having a full understanding of the impact of this data across the value chain. This position is focused on ensuring data integrity, as well as data entry.

Essential Functions & Key Responsibilities:

Responsible for ensuring that master data is properly defined and setup in our IFS enterprise system. Working closely with the Master Data Manager, the Master Data Analyst is also responsible for data collection, entry and loading of local Master Data into IFS, including Bill of Materials, Customer and Material records, etc.
Understand the data elements and how they flow through the supply chain.
Receive and process requests from the user community for changes to, or creation of master data records, and manage the requests through a formal process of validation and approval.
Coordinate with the user community to ensure correctness and completeness of data contained in requests.
Pro-actively monitor and analyze all master data files for continuous improvements on the cleanliness of data.
Responsible for prompt implementation of all Master Data procedures to ensure that all information systems and services meet the company standards and end-user requirements.
Assist with testing configuration changes to master data elements.
Troubleshoot and resolve master data issues.

Candidate Requirements:

Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Supply Chain, Logistics or 2-4 years' equivalent work experience.
Solid experience in Microsoft Office products, specifically Excel, (ability to perform Vlookups and formatting. Pivot-Tables a plus!)
Team player with strong verbal and written communication skills.
Experience in SAP strongly preferred, IFS a big plus!
Effective time manager - routinely called on to prioritize a large number of tasks and report on assignment status.
Excellent analytical, interpersonal and organizational skills. Written and verbal communication skills are critical.
Detailed oriented / Ability to maintain high data integrity during data transfer process.
Ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously in an extremely fast-paced environment.
Ability to quickly and effectively prioritize a large volume of tasks to ensure timelines are met, and all information is available to the user community quickly and effectively.
Successful candidates must have a passion for on-time customer service, proactive problem-solving, superior attention to detail.

Please no recruiting agencies

Following GMP in compliance with all food safety requirements.

Novolex does not publicly post salary information on job boards.

Novolex™ is committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all employment practices, including but not limited to, selection, hiring, promotion, transfer, and compensation to all qualified applicants and employees without regard to age, race, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, handicap or disability, genetics, citizenship status, service member or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. Any individual, who because of his or her disability, needs an accommodation in connection with an aspect of the Company’s application process should contact Jamie Wells at hrcompliance@novolex.com.

#LI-JF1 #MON1",3.0,"Novolex Holdings, LLC
3.0","Covington, KY",-1,10000+ Employees,2004,Company - Private,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
81,Data Scientist,"$116k-$181k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Zynga is a leading developer of the world’s most popular social games that are played by people around the world every single day. To-date, more than 1 billion people have played our games across Web and mobile, including Words With Friends, FarmVille, Zynga Poker, Merge Dragons, Empires & Puzzles, Hit it Rich! Slots and CSR.

Zynga’s Marketing Data Science and Analytics team uses our outstanding and expansive data to deliver fundamental insights on who our audience is, how they engage with our games, and what are the best ways to acquire them. We strive for a better understanding of our players which translates into challenges and features that delight them.

Here’s where you would come in: identify and formalize problems related to campaign optimization. Design and develop systems and services to optimize campaigns at scale. Be innovative, be creative, use every bit of that key commodity – data. Millions of people play Zynga games every day, so our data is tremendously rich, and we have a lot of it!

We will rely on you to communicate your findings to your peers – both technical and non-technical. Your solutions to difficult problems will need to be demonstrably impactful, visual and maintainable. You will collaborate with engineering teams to build proof-of-concept and MVPs of campaign bidders and optimizers. You will collaborate with User Acquisition Managers, Product Managers, and Engineers to deliver business impact.

Responsibilities:
Design and implement scalable systems and models to experiment with campaigns and creatives across channels and acquire users at scale
Work with large amounts of data to find and realize opportunities to acquire and re-target users profitably delivering unambiguous business metric impact
Craft effective campaign strategies to acquire users across a multitude of user acquisition channels
Drive and empower user acquisition team to make quantitatively informed, evidence based decisions - through custom visualizations, and ETLs to augment user data
Design, test, verify and implement machine learning models with Zynga’s games that impact millions of users. Models may include but not limited to LTV modelling, campaign bid recommendations, budget allocation, clustering/segmentation, forecasting, fraud detection, and / or reinforcement learning
Build prototypes and MVPs of services and applications that improve effectiveness of campaigns, creatives, ad networks and/or user segments.
Required Skills and Experience:
B.S. or B.A. in Math, Statistics, Comp Sci, Engineering, or other quantitative field required; Masters, MBA or PhD preferred
5+ years of relevant work experience in data science or analytics role in a Marketing Analytics or a User Acquisition Analytics Team
Familiar with mobile performance marketing and/or user acquisition landscape
Strong experience in SQL;
Proficient in Python; Proven fundamental programming skills (algorithms, data structures, OOP, OS, Networking, AWS Cloud); Ability to design distributed systems
Ability to build and maintain software services and systems at scale; experience in deploying services in at least one cloud provider (AWS, Google Cloud or Azure)
Proven experience with some of the following: machine learning, predictive modeling, deep learning
Experience in analyzing large datasets, preferably in a Hadoop or Spark environment, and deploying production ready systems at scale
Strong written and oral communication skills
Strong passion for gaming and performance marketing!
Zynga is an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our broad community; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. We welcome job-seekers, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds. Join us!

We will consider all qualified job-seekers with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.

Zynga is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need an accommodation during the interview process, please let us know.",4.1,"Zynga
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
82,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ADVANCED INSPECTION SYSTEMS,"$58k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


The Intelligent Systems Division develops automated solutions for commercial and government clients in multiple domains including transportation (traffic management, connected automated vehicle), manufacturing robotics, medical prognostics and communication standards.


Objectives of this Role:

Leverage embedded development, machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data techniques to advanced analysis and development of high reliability software and custom sensing technologies.

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Develop technical solutions for high reliability software and custom sensing applications.
Promote developed solutions in technical industry through conference presentations and/or research paper publications.
For more information about the position see:
https://www.swri.org/leak-detection
https://www.swri.org/industries/machine-learning-technologies
https://www.swri.org/industry/chemical-analysis-services/mass-spec-data-analysis

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors or a Masters or a PhD with a 3.00 GPA in BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or other related disciplines.
0-5 years in software development or engineering
Course work or experience in more than one of the following: embedded systems, signal processing, machine learning/artificial intelligence, FPGA development, sensors and instrumentation, Python Programming
Strong software skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills required
Ability to work in project team environments and independently
Excellent problem-solving skills and driven by challenging problems
Aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
83,Staff Data Scientist,-1,"We are a company of passionate individuals striving to improve healthcare and patient experiences. Our evidence-based medical content and software tools empower both payers and providers to make the best decisions for patients. Our work makes a difference in the quality of care that hundreds of thousands of patients receive each day and we're proud of our positive impact.

MCG Health's Data Science Solutions Team is responsible for building, delivering, evolving and operating the company's Data Science Solutions. These solutions empower doctors, nurses and patients to make the best decisions for health outcomes and quality of life factors valued by patients. The primary purpose of the Senior Data Scientist is to provide thought leadership and pragmatic technical leadership to the Data Science Solutions group and their use of AI, Data Science, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing Technologies.

In this role you will:
Collaborate with business, product, technical stakeholders and team members to deliver innovative solutions that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare delivery
Be an expert on problems that matter to MCG's markets / clients, and propose approaches to leverage data, AI / ML / NLP / DS technologies and MCG's assets to address these problems
Contribute to establishing a team environment of collaboration, excellence and innovation
Provide thought leadership regarding the continually advancing state of the art of readily available AI technologies and cloud-based services that are relevant to MCG products and solutions
Contribute to establishment and evolution of methodologies for development and maintenance of data science models, to ensure effective usage and rapid, continuous improvement
Contribute to technology choices (build, buy, use open source) to support rapid experimentation and development of data models that can be readily transitioned to production
Collaborate with DSS and/or MCG software engineering leadership to deploy platforms to support data ingestion from internal and external sources, and to deploy platforms to support continuous transformation of successful models into production usage
Partner with MCG technical leadership team to ensure compliance with security, privacy (HIPAA), regulatory and other obligations
Represent MCG's Data Science Solutions group, products and technologies to business and technical stakeholders at client companies and industry groups / associations
We'd love to hear from you if:
You have a minimum 5 years experience working with AI technologies
You have demonstrated experience building one or both of: Predictive / classification models using Machine Learning techniques, NLP systems using Deep Learning, or other techniques
You have demonstrated experience delivering successful ML and/or NLP solutions to the marketplace is required.
You have demonstrated experience working with software engineers to design and deliver Data Science platforms and tooling for use by a Data Science team is required; this may include creating such a platform from the ground up or successful configuration / deployment / usage of third-party platforms augmented by internally built tooling as needed
You have demonstrated experience with cloud-based data science services
You have demonstrated experience mentoring and providing technical leadership for data science model experimentation, and ongoing enhancement / evolution of solutions
You have demonstrated the ability to think ""outside the box"" and identify business problems appropriate to usage of AI / ML / NLP / DS techniques is required
You have demonstrated proficiency with lean system development practices successfully applied to deliver business value at sustainable velocity
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity, and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. It is only with diverse thoughts and ideas that we'll be able to create the change we want in healthcare. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be for it.",4.6,"MCG Health
4.6",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
84,Data Scientist/ Analyst,"$70k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our Renewables Operations team in Houston, TX or Chicago, IL as a Renewable Generation Performance Engineer.

In this role, you will be responsible for support functions relating to solar generation facilities betterment, facilities efficiency of monitoring and reporting (via automation), plant performance measurements, and maintain supplier and service provider relationships as it relates to generation portfolio performance. This position reports directly to the Director Performance Monitoring & Analytics.

What you’ll do:
Help facilitate improvement / automation of operations and reporting tasks via SQL procedures, and other script languages.
Work with site engineers to monitor and evaluate equipment and system performance by examining and trending the results of condition-monitoring activities, reviewing equipment failures, analyzing availability/reliability information. Follow-up actions, based on identified problems, trends, and root cause determinations, are timely and effective.
Improve solar site performance by providing recommendations regarding availability, production and reliability issues/initiatives to Engie site and senior level management.
Lead standardization of operations and maintenance and engineering processes including reporting functions
Work with various internal and external groups including engineering and technical support personnel, site operating personnel and Engie global performance teams other teams in Asset Management.
Support the site in developing (RCA’s) for inverters, trackers, and panel faults and failures and work OEM ‘s to provide upgrades and develop implementation plans to remedy.
Manage solar equipment suppliers’ technical resources to ensure focus on priorities and achieve performance improvement targets by being ENGIE’s technical point of contact.
Support operational reviews, solar site commissioning, end of warranty inspections and procurement to ensure proper equipment selection and operation
Ability to travel for short term assignments as required.
Act as a team member with all employees of the solar sites and collaborate with members of the ENGIE team at other sites across various businesses.
Work multiple projects concurrently including supporting future business development projects.

Qualifications

What you bring:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or computer science required, computer credits certifications a plus.
Minimum two years of relevant experience.
Desired working knowledge of wind and/or solar power generation equipment, and applicable SCADA control and HMI systems.
Possess strong planning, scheduling and project management skills with the ability to plan and work independently.
Possess strong computer and analytical skills; ability to use and program databases (SQL, Python, Pearl, BASH). Expertise of Microsoft Office (excel pivot tables, advanced formula’s)
Expertise using VM environments like Virtual box, Azure and AWS.
Desired working knowledge of Linux.
Must have and be able to maintain a valid driver’s license.

Why ENGIE?
ENGIE North America isn’t just participating in the Zero-Carbon transition, we’re leading it! Join us as we develop energy that is more renewable, more efficient and more accessible to everyone.

Unite with us in leading the transformation of the world of energy! ENGIE is looking for talented and motivated individuals to create the future of energy and customer solutions. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity to help customers meet their energy challenges today and in the future. Are you up for the challenge?

ENGIE is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability.

This job advertisement is supported by the ENGIE Talent Acquisition team. All related inquiries must be communicated through Talent Acquisition and not directed to ENGIE North America Managers. Failure to follow the ENA process may result in nonpayment of agency fees.

Job
: Operations / Production sites
Primary Location
: North America-United States-Texas-Houston North America-United States-Illinois-Chicago
Organization
: ENA Renewables
Schedule
: Full-time
Nature of Responsibility
: Senior professionnal / Team leader

Job Posting
: Aug 28, 2020, 10:06:48 PM",3.7,"ENGIE North America Inc.
3.7","Houston, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
85,Data Scientist - Risk,"$77k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientist (Risk)

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our technology and data driven approach to providing working capital, along with our accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ is searching for a Data Scientist (Risk) to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for building data driven tools to automate and scale risk decisions decision points include, fraud detection, commercial credit analysis, and invoice payment behavior. The ideal candidate is an experienced researcher and data wrangler who enjoys applying complex theories to solve real world business problems. The Data Scientist will need to collaborate effectively with both technical (engineers, data experts) and non-technical (business users) colleagues to bring the data to life.

Responsibilities of Data Scientist (Risk)
We have 20+ years of real-world commercial data weve observed businesses and their interactions with other businesses across market cycles, industries, and catastrophic events. Build risk tools that optimize for velocity and scale.
Build risk tools that optimize science & art you will work with risk experts who have been in the trenches (and learned from losses). Augment human decisions with machine.
Lay the foundation for scale. A data science framework for optimal data acquisition, model training and deployment. Dont take short-cuts. Bring quantitative and statistical rigor to your body of work.
Lead by example. You are joining a data team at ground-level. Building and inserting a data team, into a 20+ year old company (organism) will be hard, but rewarding.
Qualifications for Risk Data Scientist
Curiosity, Grit, and Humility
5+ years of experience of hands-on data science role
Previous experience of building commercial finance risk tools should be beneficial, but not required
Bachelor or Masters degree in Data Science, Operations Research, Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, or another quantitative field
A toolkit of modern data science techniques
Experience with any data science tools/packages: Python, R, SAS, XGBoost, TensorFlow, NLTK
Experience with any big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with any reporting tools: Tableau Server, Power BI, SSRS, Excel
Experience with any AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Aurora, S3
Experience with any Stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming
Position Type and Expected Hours of Work:

This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. Occasional evening and weekend work may be required as job duties demand.

Physical Demands:

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch.

Travel:

There will be minimal travel required for this position.

LSQ is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived, race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), sexual orientation, parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, any other non-merit based factor or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Our leadership team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities and general treatment during employment. If youd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm",4.5,"LSQ
4.5","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
86,"Senior Data Scientist (Palo Alto, CA or Remote US)",-1,"The Opportunity

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered price and promotions. Eversight's proprietary cloud-based SaaS solution brings AI and continuous experimentation to consumer brands and retailers. Our software acts as a coach, enabling market leaders to transform pricing and promotion strategy for the $3.4 trillion spent in consumer goods retail using intelligent, real-time data and insights.

Reporting directly to the Head of Data Science, you will be at the center of what determines Eversight's success as a company. You will analyze the data and develop production code using the newest Data Science and Machine Learning techniques to determine the optimal prices and promotions for major product manufacturers and retailers that sell these products.

Responsibilities
Research, implement and modify modern Data Science techniques. More specifically:
Build Statistical and Machine Learning models that describe the impact of prices and promotions on shopper behavior, including behavioral pricing effects. You'll need to find middle ground between using flexible modern AI methods and proven classical methods.
Develop Optimization and Experiment Design systems, which determine the best prices to set for each product in each store each week. Finding a good balance on the exploration-exploitation tradeoff will be important.
Design and run pricing experiments across hundreds of stores and tens of thousands of products
Create model validation methods to make sure that our models are accurate and to quantify the impact of our solutions on the clients' bottom line
Work with Product Management to generate ideas and quickly turn them into efficient, well-tested, functioning code (we mostly use Python)
Partner with the Engineering team to create highly scalable solutions
Serve as Data Science expert both within Eversight and for our clients
Lead custom analyses and connect them to actionable Business and Product insights
Help prioritize new feature development by assessing potential impact
Be a go-to resource for science-related questions about the product
Behavioral Profile
Analytical, framework thinker
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment
Highly collaborative
Strong at translating Data Science concepts to non-technical audiences
Business focused; measures work in its contributions to business outcomes and prioritizes effort against deliverables accordingly
Minimum Qualifications
5+ years of relevant experience in Data Science and/or Machine Learning with direct impact on business value
B.S., M.S., or PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Machine Learning, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science or relevant quantitative field
Strong understanding of Generalized Linear Models
Ability to write efficient code in Python
Experience with Hypothesis Testing and Maximum Likelihood Estimation
Preferred Qualifications
Team leadership experience strongly preferred
Startup experience strongly preferred
Experience in A/B testing and Design of Experiments
Agile experience
Experience with NumPy and Pandas (or equivalent experience in R)
Strong in math and statistics: Linear Algebra, Bayesian Methods, Regressions, Calculus
Experience in Machine Learning methods: Neural Networks (Deep Learning, Embeddings, Sequence Modeling, CNN), Tree-based methods (GBDT, Random Forest), Regularization Methods (L1/L2 penalties, Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction)
Demand Modeling, Pricing, and Causal Inference experience


Location

Palo Alto, CA

About the Company

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered pricing and promotions. Global brands and retailers rely on the Eversight platform to optimize pricing in response to market conditions and to deliver higher ROI on promotional spend. Eversight's Pricing Suite and Offer Innovation Suite solutions are driving strong margin and sales volume improvements for leading companies such as Coca-Cola, General Mills, Raley's, and Rite Aid. Founded in 2013, Eversight is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, with offices in Chicago and New York.",4.2,"Eversight
4.2",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
87,Web Data Analyst,"$65k-$79k
(Employer Est.)","Web Data Analyst
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Our customer promise is worth bragging about. Use your marketing and advertising expertise to spread the word and grow our business.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Collect web data and statistics for Uline’s various eCommerce websites (Uline.com, Uline.ca and Uline.mx).
Analyze data and provide weekly and monthly reports to management.
Make recommendations to improve website and reduce return rates.
Translate complex and analytical work into easy to understand data points.
Respond to ad hoc reporting requests and maintain relationships with various departments.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Experience using Google Analytics or Adobe Analytics.
Experience using a data visualization tool such as Power BI or Tableau.
2+ years experience in website analysis.
Proficient in Microsoft Excel with some knowledge of SQL and / or Google BigQuery.
Well organized and detail-oriented with an ability to multitask.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.

Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.

Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-SR1
#CORP",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Milwaukee, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
88,Data Scientists with TS/SCI,-1,"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking Data Scientists with TS/SCI to support a client in Springfield, VA

My name is Stephen Hrutka, and I am the owner of a Veteran-owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

We are looking to hire (2) data scientists to support NGA in Springfield, VA. The role is remote to start, no idea when traditional onsite will begin.

Please see below for the position description. If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Position Tasks:
Develop Python or R code to read/categorize large amounts of unstructured data
Develop code to evaluate Intelligence Information Reports (IIRs) for metadata accuracy
Develop code that recognizes and extracts entities from IIRs w/ 90% accuracy
Visualize data derived from structuring of unstructured/semi-structured data
Brief results of code development to leadership to include methods, limitations, and assumptions
Position Deliverables:
Monthly reports
Code modules using Natural Language Processing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Code modules using Entity Recognition to analyze multiple unstructured data files and identify all people, groups, and categories of objects
Code modules using Latent Semantic Indexing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Develop code that can be stand-alone or incorporated into existing applications
Visualizations of large data sets, bringing forward unobscured data, and enabling personnel to understand the data quickly
Position Requirements:
Government Security Clearance
Minimum of (3) years of experience related to the following areas: parametric and non-parametric statistical methods; visualizing statistical effects in complex datasets; performing statistical data analysis in Python and/or R; providing and explaining clear analytical results in well-written reports
Ability to write and execute queries in SQL
Ability to visualize data with aid of data visualization tools such as Tableau
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
Ability to work in distributed systems and to develop creative solutions to data problems
Experience with database tools
Preferred Qualifications:
Statistical Modeling: 10 years
Natural Language Processing: 5 years
Python and R: 3 years
Latent Semantic Indexing: 5 years
SQL: 3 years
Tableau: 1 year
Entity Recognition: 5 years",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Springfield, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
89,Marketing Data Analyst,-1,"Overview


As a key member of the Analytics team, the Marketing DataAnalyst will be responsible for data-driven insights that enable eFinancial and Fidelity Life Association to optimize business processes and grow rapidly. The Marketing Data Analyst will gather, organize and aggregate large sets of data in order to produce meaningful business insight in areas such as lead management, call center effectiveness, marketing spend effectiveness, and revenue generation. If you would love being an owner-operator of a fast-growing complex online business with modern technology stacks, building analytical and infrastructure solutions, and driving profitability via analytics, the Senior Marketing Analyst role is for you!

Responsibilities
Own the end-to-end lead performance management analytics to maximize risk-adjusted lifetime value generated by converting marketing spend into revenue
Develop lead / traffic forecasts by marketing channel, interpret sales conversion data, analyze and monitor results and recommend adjustments to keep marketing spend efficiency on track
Develop point solutions such as dynamic bidding models to guide lead and media buy
Work effectively with cross-functional partners in Business Intelligence, Marketing, and Finance to keep data initiatives on track, and provide periodic sales lead performance reporting to management team
Extract/extrapolate trends from competitor, user behavior, and market positioning analyses and recommend tangible opportunities for Business Development teams to maximize value of marketing relationships
Qualifications
Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause/ analyses
Strong verbal and written communications skills that enable you to explain complex insights with clarity and precision to executive management
Experience developing insights across various areas of customer related data: financial, product and marketing
Proficiency in MS SQL/MySQL, Tableau/PowerBI and mastery of Microsoft Suite (Excel)
Knowledge of cloud-based data structures including Redshift, and programming languages such as Python a huge plus
An analytical mindset with relevant education such as a Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Economics, Finance or any related field
2-5 years of experience as a Data/Business/Financial Analyst with large, complex data sources
EEOC/Other


eFinancial is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workplace. As an eFinancial employee, you will be eligible for Medical and Dental Insurance, Health Savings Accounts, Flexible Spending Accounts (Health, Dependent Care & Transit), Vision Care, 401(K), Short-term and Long-term Disability, Life and AD&D coverages.",3.6,"Efinancial
3.6",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
90,Data Scientist (Remote/ Virtual),-1,"We Are Hiring

This is a remote opportunity to join our growing and innovative Ascension Data Science Institute!

The Ascension Data Sciences Institute (ADSI) was created in July 2019 with the mission of supporting Ascension in achieving its Quadruple Aim with uniquely skilled, high-performing associates who develop analyses, models and applications to enable Ascension in providing higher value healthcare and making strategic decisions. ADSI is comprised of 6 domains addressing 1) Clinical quality and patient safety; 2) Health Economics and Clinical Outcomes; 3) Strategic Operations and Financial Analytics; 4) Actuarial and Managed Care Analytics; 5) Registry Abstraction Healthcare Solutions; and 6) Healthcare Data Intelligence. We recognize that the healthcare environment is a complex ecosystem of rapidly evolving clinical and economic practices that affect patient and provider experience and demands increasingly sophisticated and complex measurement. Our objective is for advanced analytics and data science to play a critical and foundational role in the transformation of care delivery, quality and financial outcomes to enable our organization’s competitive advantage. To meet these objectives, Ascension is investing in its analytics capabilities and the following positions have been opened to address this expansion.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creating efficient algorithms, and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Integrates data from multiple sources and supports/performs complex statistical data analysis including multivariate statistical analysis, multilevel modeling, dyadic analysis and/or coarsened exact matching analysis.
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support.
Identifies, defines, directs and performs project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less experienced staff.
Presents data to drive business decisions.
Proposes and leads projects required to support the development of the organization's data infrastructure needs.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes structured and unstructured data for business insight.
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools.
What You Will Need

Education:

High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Computer or Information Science, Physics, Behavioral and Social Sciences or other related technical or quantitative fields strongly preferred.
Master's level or higher is strongly preferred.
Preferred Skills:
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF)
Advanced modeling and statistical knowledge one or more of the following areas: multivariate analysis, logistic regression, poisson and negative binomial regression, experimental design, structural equation modeling, principal component analysis, educational measurement, psychometrics, factor analysis, mathematical modeling, simulation, operations research, optimization
Experience writing the methodology sections of research publications in academic or industry settings strongly preferred
Experience with conducting research in human behavior, medical sciences, behavioral sciences, associate or patient experience, education, business, clinical operations, performance improvement, process optimization and/or healthcare preferred
Web and social media analytics
Sentiment analysis
Text mining and natural language processing knowledge strongly preferred
Consulting experience with external clients or internal stakeholders
Presentation and storytelling skills
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
91,Senior Data Scientist,"$135k-$145k
(Employer Est.)","About Us

At GutCheck, we pioneered agile market research to provide our clients with actionable insights at the speed of their business. As the marketplace rapidly evolves, we're evolving with it. By combining qualitative, quantitative, and behavioral methodologies, our team of full-service research experts synthesizes insights to help clients make more confident business decisions -- connecting them with their target consumers earlier and more often in the development process.

What Makes Our Approach Different

We create heroes out of our clients by providing them with contextualized insights to more efficiently and effectively connect with their target audiences. Enabled by technology and automation, we are dedicated partners who take a human-first approach to delivering powerful insights. Today, we are bringing agile to strategy: enabling brands to gather robust foundational insights in an agile, iterative way to inform key business within the demands of today's innovation timelines.

Here's where you come in:

As our Senior Data Scientist, you will be the primary contributor that will operationalize predictive models built with machine learning and advanced analytic technologies. GutCheck owns years of structured and unstructured data. We've started to identify patterns in our world-class market research using machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow. You will help us by providing expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader cross-functional analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization.

You will work closely with our talented and agile Product and Engineering teams to craft scalable, well-designed solutions that address the technical and architectural challenges inherent to making sense of our data. We have a focus on quality, automation, and innovation. We encourage our Engineers to think creatively and flexibly when choosing solutions, tools, and techniques. Our team offers an environment where trust and innovation are encouraged, egos aren't accepted, and collaboration is core to our DNA.

You will advocate, evangelize and build data-fueled products that help our internal and external customers gain deeper insights into direct, targeted consumer feedback. This data can and will be coupled with third-party data sources to help our clients be heroes by making well informed business decisions. You'll help research and choose which data sources will provide unique and compelling insights, and then you'll dig in and become an expert on that data. You will provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables.

For more information on the company and the GutCheck team, please go to www.gutcheckit.com

This job description is not a complete list of your qualifications or position roles. GutCheck is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.",3.9,"GutCheck
3.9","Denver, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
92,Data Scientist,-1,"JOB DESCRIPTION

AccruePartners values our contract and consulting employees. We offer a competitive benefits package to meet the diverse needs of all of our contractor and consulting employees and their family members. Here is a listing of what our company offers: 401(k) Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Employee Assistance Program, Medical and Prescription Drug, Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance.

THE TEAM YOU WILL BE JOINING:

Fortune 500 Company
World leader in commercial data and insight
Constantly expanding the size and improving the quality of their global database; currently exceeding 280 million businesses worldwide
Focus on valuable relationships allowing customers to succeed

WHAT THEY OFFER YOU:

Culture: Energetic, forward thinking individuals, passionate about compliance, risk assessment and management
Growth: Partake in a learning program with robust curriculum that will enhance the value you bring to your team and the company
Opportunity: Extensive international network with offices on five continents
Stability: A storied and commanding brand with almost two centuries of experience

WHERE THE POSITION IS LOCATED:

Reston, VA

THE BACKGROUND THAT FITS:

Undergrad degree in a Risk related field (Accounting, Business, Economics, Finance, Math/Stat, Operations Research, etc.) with 1 to 3 years of applicable experience
Strong programming skills with the ability conduct research utilizing R, and Python to manipulate data and conduct statistical analysis
Strong SQL skills and experience
Ability to effectively communicate complex ideas to both a technical and non-technical audience
Willingness to travel to client locations as needed

Essential Responsibilities

Engage clients with the colleagues to identify their business needs and develop, implement, and manage solutions
Participate in all aspects of a modeling engagement, including design, development, validation, calibration, documentation, approval, implementation, monitoring, and reporting
Strong SAS programming skills with an ability to apply common procedures and data manipulations, write macro functions and learn new procedures when necessary

Preferred Qualifications

Experience implementing text analytic techniques (including NLP) to create structured fields from unstructured datasets
Experience working with very large datasets
Experience working with outside clients on statistical engagements
Experience with graph databases and visualizations
Experience applying modern machine learning techniques
Experience applying data and analytics for capital markets use-cases",2.6,"AccruePartners
2.6","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
93,Machine Learning Engineer,"$81k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is Us:
We have a bold vision to connect 25 million vehicles by 2025.
Our customers come first. We lead through innovation. We win as one. We act with integrity.
We adhere to our brand promise – to make the complex simple, the future predictable, and our customers successful.
With nearly 4 million connected vehicles today, Spireon is an exciting player in the growing Connected Car and Internet of Things (IoT) technology categories. We help people and businesses track and protect their most important assets with vehicle intelligence solutions that gather Big Data and provide the critical insights with easy-to-use dashboards and apps.

This is You:

We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to design and build Convolutional Neural Networks for Smart Sensors. Spireon develops computer vision based smart sensors to detect environment and reports for the transportation sector. As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will implement CNN algorithms to run on smart sensors.. You must be able to work across multiple teams to ensure project objectives are met.

Responsibilities:
Design and develop algorithms for challenging vision classification and detections problems
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Implementation of Computer Vision and ML algorithms
Collect data and analyze real world data
Deploy ML systems (inference at the edge), monitor metrics
Prototyping ML algorithms
Collaborate with Product Management and Engineering departments to understand company needs and devise possible solutions
Keep up to date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Requirements:
Must have solid foundation general machine learning systems
Must have experience in Convolutional Neural Networks Classification, Object Detection, Segmentation.
Must have experience in Computer vision, image processing.
Must have Programming / scripting experience with languages such as Python
Must have experience working with machine learning frameworks and libraries (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, scikit-learn)
Highly Desired: Programming language experience with C / C++
Highly Desired: Experience with Embedded systems
Highly Desired: Experience with OpenCV
Experience working with AWS Sagemaker
Experience working with AWS S3
Rewards:
Winner of 2019, 2018 IoT Innovator Awards & 2017, 2018 Stevie Award for Customer Excellence
Work with the Best and Brightest Technical Talent
Stable, High Growth and Profitable Company
Comprehensive Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K Plan)
Wellness, Professional Development and Spireon University
Virtual Happy Hours, Team Building Events, Hackathons
Employee Discounts on Spireon Products and Services",3.9,"Spireon
3.9","Irvine, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
94,Clinical Data Scientist,-1,"You will conduct analyses using various disparate types of healthcare data (e.g., clinical trial data, insurance claims data, Electronic Health Record (EHR) data, etc.). You will explore these data with a critical eye and transform these data into meaningful insights, creating outputs that may be used for publication, regulatory submissions, internal decision-making, market tracking, or other uses. Working closely with the other members of the Clinical Computational Sciences team, you will be encouraged to use new and emerging data sources and technologies to drive innovation and to conduct analyses at scale.
The Impact You Will Have
Our mission is to make innovative drugs affordable and accessible. You will be instrumental in making that vision a reality. We are working to build a truly modern and efficient clinical development organization, with data at the core of what we do. You will play a key role in analyzing this data in support of our development programs.
Your Superpowers
You hold a Masters or PhD in biostatistics, epidemiology, health economics, public health, computational biology or another quantitative scientific discipline, with 1-3 years of work experience
You are problem focused, creative, and practical in how you apply data to problems
You love working with data and live for the “aha!” moments where you use it to answer meaningful questions
You have experience applying observational and statistical methods to conduct rigorous scientific analyses
You’re energized by the prospect of rolling up your sleeves to tackle important problems in drug development and reimbursement
You can program fluently in a modern statistical programming software (e.g., R) and want to develop your skills further.
You’ve worked with data scientists and software engineers to put code into production – you think about scalable ways to improve the reach of your work.
You want to build a career in clinical data analysis (biostatistics, health economics, RWE, etc.)
Bonus points if you have experience in genomic data analysis or oncology data experience
You are an excellent communicator – you can use data to tell a clear and compelling story and can communicate complex analyses to many types of stakeholders
You have a curious mind and are excited to learn new skills, tools, and about novel types and uses of data.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
95,Data Scientist (Remote/ Virtual),-1,"We Are Hiring

This is a remote opportunity to join our growing and innovative Ascension Data Science Institute!

The Ascension Data Sciences Institute (ADSI) was created in July 2019 with the mission of supporting Ascension in achieving its Quadruple Aim with uniquely skilled, high-performing associates who develop analyses, models and applications to enable Ascension in providing higher value healthcare and making strategic decisions. ADSI is comprised of 6 domains addressing 1) Clinical quality and patient safety; 2) Health Economics and Clinical Outcomes; 3) Strategic Operations and Financial Analytics; 4) Actuarial and Managed Care Analytics; 5) Registry Abstraction Healthcare Solutions; and 6) Healthcare Data Intelligence. We recognize that the healthcare environment is a complex ecosystem of rapidly evolving clinical and economic practices that affect patient and provider experience and demands increasingly sophisticated and complex measurement. Our objective is for advanced analytics and data science to play a critical and foundational role in the transformation of care delivery, quality and financial outcomes to enable our organization’s competitive advantage. To meet these objectives, Ascension is investing in its analytics capabilities and the following positions have been opened to address this expansion.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creating efficient algorithms, and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Integrates data from multiple sources and supports/performs complex statistical data analysis including multivariate statistical analysis, multilevel modeling, dyadic analysis and/or coarsened exact matching analysis.
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support.
Identifies, defines, directs and performs project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less experienced staff.
Presents data to drive business decisions.
Proposes and leads projects required to support the development of the organization's data infrastructure needs.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes structured and unstructured data for business insight.
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools.
What You Will Need

Education:

High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Computer or Information Science, Physics, Behavioral and Social Sciences or other related technical or quantitative fields strongly preferred.
Master's level or higher is strongly preferred.
Preferred Skills:
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF)
Advanced modeling and statistical knowledge one or more of the following areas: multivariate analysis, logistic regression, poisson and negative binomial regression, experimental design, structural equation modeling, principal component analysis, educational measurement, psychometrics, factor analysis, mathematical modeling, simulation, operations research, optimization
Experience writing the methodology sections of research publications in academic or industry settings strongly preferred
Experience with conducting research in human behavior, medical sciences, behavioral sciences, associate or patient experience, education, business, clinical operations, performance improvement, process optimization and/or healthcare preferred
Web and social media analytics
Sentiment analysis
Text mining and natural language processing knowledge strongly preferred
Consulting experience with external clients or internal stakeholders
Presentation and storytelling skills
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
96,Data Scientist,"$94k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","When you’re the best, we’re the best. We instill an environment where employees feel engaged, satisfied and able to contribute their unique skills and talents. We provide extensive opportunities for personal and professional development, building both employee competence and organizational capability to fuel exceptional performance now and in the future.

Summary:

In this role, you will conduct sophisticated data analysis to help address critical business and member questions, the outputs of which enable members to drive improvements in clinical, operational, and economic outcomes.

Responsibilities:

Provide analysis to identify critical issues/questions around member performance.

Conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.

Generate hypotheses and analyze data to test and interpret results.

Design and develop data models to predict member outcomes or future impact of key member decisions.

Communicate findings from exploratory and predictive data analysis broadly to team and leaders.

Identify improvement opportunities in reporting and BI tools and collaborate with Products Technology to implement enhancements.

Serve as the resident data expert and share best practices/approaches for statistics, machine learning techniques, data modeling, simulation and advanced mathematics.

Collaborate with key leaders and clinicians to build analytical acumen across all analytic roles in the organization.

Qualifications:

Relevant degree preferred. Advanced degree a plus.

5 or more years of relevant work experience.

Proficient programming experience using SAS/Python/R.

Demonstrated ability to manage large disparate data sets and using quantitative and qualitative analysis.

Experience effectively communicating and presenting data to a variety of audiences required.

Experience working with health care administrative claims data (ICD-10, MS-DRG, CPT/HCPCS) or electronic medical record data tools (Epic Clarity/Caboodle, Cerner CCL-Discern/PowerInsight) strongly preferred.

#LI-DM

#IDS

Equal Opportunity Employer: Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The Company is committed to equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, gender identity, ethnicity, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability status, veteran status or any other category protected by applicable law.",4.0,"Vizient, Inc.
4.0","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
97,Data Scientist,"$72k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Data Scientist, you will have the unique opportunity to work on a program developing target models and advancing state-of-the-art modeling and prediction capabilities. This program will develop and train machine learning models to detect and discern features in scenes and develop an adversarial patch framework to defeat the trained classifiers.
Our delivery teams are driven to explore new ideas and technology, and care deeply about collaboration, feedback, and iteration. We follow SAFe agile practices, embrace the Ops ethos(DataOps/DevSecOps/MLOps) to “automate-first”, use modern tech stacks, and constantly challenge each other to grow and improve.
If cutting edge data science projects resonate with you and you care deeply about joining a mission-driven company with a strong growth direction and diverse culture, we'd love to learn more about you. Check out the details below, and let’s connect.

Technical members of our solutions teams require little guidance, but love to learn, collaborate, and problem solve. This position requires a mid to senior level of experience, a passion for mission support, and a strong desire to solve our customers’ hardest technical and data challenges.
The Data Scientist will be responsible for the following:
Develop, train and evaluate Machine Learning models
Develop strategies for data augmentation and synthetic data
Utilize models to detect and classify targets within scenes
Develop adversarial attacks to defeat trained classifiers

Requirements:
TS/SCI clearance required
5+ years of related experience
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, Tensorflow or MXNet
Prior experience with the Intelligence Community and methodological experience in some of the following areas
Relationships and discovery (correlating, enriching, and prioritizing target data)
Situational awareness (unifying data into a single context, allowing the current situation to be accurately and quickly understood)
Systems modeling (building a computational analog of real-world-system to understand how it operates, what it is capable of, and how it can be fooled)
We're looking for a motivated Data Scientist eager to advance not only your professional career, but also the missions of our Intelligence and Defense communities. At NT Concepts, you'll be able to:
Meaningfully impact the company's growth, and share in the rewards accordingly
Develop your own career path through our What’s Next program, which emphasizes personal growth through training and certification
Work on programs of importance that directly impact National Security and the world
Work in a fun, “challenging yet rewarding” fast-paced environment
#CJ
#JT",3.6,"NT Concepts
3.6","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
98,Associate Data Scientist,"$81k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

As an Associate Data Scientist, you will apply modern data storage, movement, and transformation architectures and techniques to extract and engineer features from any scale structured or unstructured data in health, IT system, business processes, or external data. You will also access, cleanse, compile, and transform disparate data sets to conduct exploratory and pre-defined analyses using scientifically valid techniques and generate meaningful insights as well as assist with feasibility studies to identify data availability, quality and modeling requirements, and dependencies.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Master’s Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Analytics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Software Engineering, Data Science, or related field, or equivalent relevant work experience
At least 1 year of statistical programming and applied programming work experience
At least 1 year Data mining, quantitative analysis, and/or statistical modeling including predictive performance and algorithm optimization work experience
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with relational databases and SQL; NoSQL databases (hBase, Cassandra, MongoDB, Couch DB, Riak) and unstructured data; Spark; Pig and Avro
Experience with agile software development methodologies
Expectations
Willing to travel up to 20% of the time as needed
Must be currently residing in or willing to relocate to the Kansas City metro area",4.0,"Cerner
4.0","North Kansas City, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
99,Data Scientist,"$114k-$184k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

As a Data Scientist you'll use your skills model and analyze a variety of data in support of analytical questions. Successful candidates in this role will be able to use theirs statistical and mathematical backgrounds to solve complex problems for not only analytical questions but also problems of large scale data. With huge volumes of data at your disposal, you'll be asked to find the most important items in a sea of information. A strong candidate is someone with a desire for continual learning and strong problem-solving, analytic and interpersonal skills who communicate and collaborate effectively.

Basic Qualifications:
Data Normalization
Data Visualization
Statistical Analysis
Graph Theory
Bachelor's degree required
Level 1:
Minimum one years' experience or a Bachelor's Degree or participating in a program that will lead to a Bachelor's Degree in an appropriate Computer Science or related field.
Level 2:
Minimum five years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.
Level 3:
Minimum 10 years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.
Desired Skills:
Experience with writing, compiling, and debugging a variety of programming languages
Containerization
Jupyter
Spark
Cloud Analytics
Special consideration given for the following skills:
Machine Learning
High Powered Computing
Any of a number of active Cyber Certifications including but not limited to: GPEN, GXPN, GCFE, GCFA, and OSCP.
C++
Experience with intelligence analysis skills (e.g., traffic analysis) mixed with detailed knowledge of network architectures, protocols, and communications.
SIGINT experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
Active TS/SCI with favorable polygraph

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
100,Principal Clinical Evaluation Scientist,"$61k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Additional Locations: US-MN-Arden Hills

Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth

At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.

About this role:

This is a highly dynamic role in which you will work in a team environment to help develop global evidence-based clinical strategies for cardiology medical devices (CRM and Electrophysiology) by creating clinical documentation that systematically synthesizes information from multiple data sources. As a Clinical Evaluation Scientist, you will plan and develop clinical evaluation reports (CERs) and post-market clinical follow-up (PMCF) reports, as well as summary of safety and clinical performance reports (SSCPs) in alignment with applicable clinical and regulatory standards and business needs. This role applies analytical thought processes and a highly methodical clinical evaluation approach to develop benefit/risk profiles for the Boston Scientific portfolio cardiology devices. A successful candidate has excellent writing skills as well as the ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional partners. Your efforts support product approval, indication expansion and claim support, and mandated post-market requirements.

Your responsibilities will include:
Compile, appraise, and evaluate data from multiple sources including clinical trials, medical literature, design verification/validation data, and product complaint data. Includes development of literature search strategies and methodical evaluation of medical literature.
Create analyses to evaluate product benefit/risk profile and safety and performance and develop profile of adverse events. Identify potential clinical evidence gaps and contribute to development of prospective evidence strategy to address gaps.
Collaborate with leadership and cross-functional partners to develop global clinical strategies for new product development and/or EU MDR certification, ensure alignment of clinical data with risk documentation, and to contribute to product labeling.
Aid in the development and execution of strategies for regulatory responses for regulatory submissions
What we’re looking for in you:

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s/Master’s degree and 8+ years professional experience or Advanced degree (PhD, research-based MS, MD, RN/DVM) and 3+ years professional experience
Analytical skills, including strong familiarity with medical literature
Strong medical/scientific writing skills
Preferred Qualification
Knowledge of cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology medical device products and related disease states/ medical terminology
Medical device experience, including understanding of regulatory
Ability to understand engineering documentation, including risk documentation
About us

As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.

Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran

Requisition ID: 467272",4.4,"Boston Scientific
4.4","Arden Hills, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
101,Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist,"$99k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Acuity is seeking a Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist to use statistical knowledge and research skills to solve business problems. The Research Statistician will develop, implement, and interpret statistical models with a strong emphasis on data mining and statistical/predictive modeling. Provides work direction.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Identifies and acquires additional data sources, both internal and external, that can be used to enhance analyses.
Lead the development of analytical models to drive superior business outcomes.
Develop in-depth understanding of drivers for optimization by utilizing statistics and data mining techniques.
Using latest PC tools, develop, enhance and monitor reports and models for other business areas.
Evaluate and use Data Mining Tools.
Support, train, encourage, consult other areas in the company and provide actionable information to management.
Continually monitor database information and future needs.
Explore and acquire data from outside sources.
Use database tools to support other departments
Regular and predictable attendance.
Perform other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION:
Masters/PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Operations Research or Computer Science
EXPERIENCE:
5 years P&C insurance, modelling and project leader experience. Programming skills including SAS and R.
OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:
Strong interpersonal, quantitative, problem-solving, computer and conceptual skills.
Aptitude in predictive modeling, multivariate analysis, statistical modeling, data mining techniques and mathematical statistics.
Ability to apply strong programming and data management skills.
Knowledge of and experience with at least one major computer programming language or advanced syntax in a major statistical package.
This job is classified as exempt.",4.9,"Acuity Insurance
4.9","Sheboygan, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1925,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
102,Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Computer Vision),"$74k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title

Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Computer Vision)
Req ID

DSA33071
Overview
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. in San Diego is searching for systems engineers and computer scientists for research and algorithm development. Candidate will work as part of a team on the research, system design, and implementation of algorithms for application processors and multimedia processors. Candidate will conduct research in deep machine learning techniques and find solutions for computer vision, image and video processing. Candidate is preferred to have goods hands-on experience with machine learning and deep learning algorithm development
Responsibilities
Develop signal processing or machine learning algorithms for computer vision.
Make simulators and study the system performance.
Experience with deep learning and machine learning packages

Minimum Qualifications
PhD in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering
Strong knowledge of computer vision, image and video processing, visual understanding.
Understand machine learning theory, concepts and applications
Experience with deep learning algorithm development
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Expertise in signal processing, computer vision, image processing, computer science, and/or machine learning
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
Strong software skills, e.g. C/C++, Python, and MATLAB
Strong publication record

Preferred Qualifications
Experience in machine learning algorithm design for computer vision.

#LI-AK1
********************************************************************************************************************** Samsung Semiconductor Inc (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays. ***********************************************************************************************************************
Learn more about Samsung Semiconductor here.

A day in the life Samsung Video

Samsung Semiconductor Career Page",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
103,Data Analyst,"$33k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our data operations team is the pharmacy support system for our customers - we help them transition to divvyDOSE, manage their prescriptions, answer their questions, and coordinate care with their health team. This work is coordinated across pharmacists, technicians, and customer support staff to ensure we provide the best care for our customers. Among other things, we transfer prescriptions to and from other pharmacies, contact medical care providers to understand treatments and request prescription refills and answer inbound questions from our customers.

You will:


Your goal is to help the operation run more effectively and efficiently through data analysis, reporting, dash-boarding, and special projects. You will help us build context through better reporting and drive the business forward by providing data-driven recommendations on ways to improve efficiency and optimize our operation. On any given day you might be presenting to our executive team, doing a deep dive on call analytics, or working with a small team to prototype and test new processes.
Become an expert and go-to resource for our process flows and our operational data
Work with operations management to develop actionable operations performance dashboards across all areas of the organization
Perform ad-hoc data analysis to identify measurable improvements to our operation, and advocate for those improvements via presentations and reports
Maintain and improve operations forecasting models
Collaborate with Finance and Technology teams to ensure we are able to continue to effectively measure our operation as technology improves
Communicate effectively and efficiently across multiple teams and work groups
Requirements
You have strong analytical and problem-solving skills
You are used to tackling very loosely defined problems and still deliver high-quality output
Advanced proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, and strong written and oral communication
Ability to adapt quickly to a changing environment
3-5 years of analyst experience
Bachelor's degree, with major in analytical or technical field strongly preferred
Experience with BI tools such as Looker or Tableau is a plus
Job Title: Data Analyst

Job Type: Full-time

FLSA Status: Exempt

Benefits

In addition to competitive salary and a unique opportunity to thrive at a growing company, divvyDOSE offers various formal benefits as well.

INSURANCE, PAID TIME OFF, & RETIREMENT

Full-time employees receive Sick days, Vacation days, and Holiday Bonuses as well as employer-paid Medical (including a Health Savings Account with an employer contribution), Dental, Vision, and Life insurance. In addition, we're proud to offer Voluntary Life & AD&D, Short Term Disability, and Long Term Disability coverage. A 401k plan with employer contribution is available, too.

SOCIAL EVENTS

In our company description, you can tell the divvyTEAM likes to have fun. Regular potlucks, company events, pizza days, wellness challenges, and divvyNEWS You Can Use updates maintain our work-hard play-hard culture.

divvyDOSE provides equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status, or other legally protected classification in the state in which a person is seeking employment. Applicants encouraged to confidentially self-identify when applying. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Drug-free work environment. Must be eligible to work in the United States.

Apply for this job",3.4,"divvyDOSE
3.4","Moline, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
104,"Machine Learning Engineer, Marketing Analytics","$50k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Ibotta is seeking a Machine Learning Engineer to help build a targeted, personalized, high performing Marketing engine that drives our company's mission to make every purchase rewarding for millions of consumers. We're looking for a machine learning engineer who has a passion for building scalable machine learning solutions using technologies such as Python, Spark, AWS, Airflow, Sagemaker, PyTorch, etc. Every member of the team has input into our analytics strategy and will have a real impact on Marketing decisions and performance.

What you will be doing:
Design, develop and deploy large scale, big data-driven machine learning models that are integrated with key product features. Some examples of potential projects include:
Building/scaling ML related infrastructure to help streamline the development, evaluation, deployment, and re-usability of core ML features and services
A/B testing. Ability to distinguish the signal from the noise in order to drive business decisions, and iteratively improve performance from new/existing marketing campaigns
Using experiments to build uplift models that decide optimal treatments at the user level
Collaborate with Engineering and Analytics leads to establish analytic standards and platforms that scale and can be leveraged in various initiatives throughout the organization
Deliver world class products in partnership with cross functional teams (Product Managers, Data Engineers, Software Engineers, etc.)
Communicate complex machine learning solutions, concepts and the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner to business stakeholders and technology leaders to maximize the effectiveness of machine learning initiatives
What we are looking for:
2+ years of professional experience as a Machine Learning Engineer, Data Scientist, or equivalent role, focusing on machine learning, statistical modeling, and/or ML infrastructure
Proficiency in Python
Experience working with machine learning frameworks (e.g. scikit-learn, xgboost, PyTorch, TensorFlow) and distributed big-data tools (Spark, Hive)
Experience working with version control systems (e.g. git) and CI/CD for machine learning pipelines
Ability to communicate complex, technical machine learning implementations to diverse audiences
Ability to think critically and leverage domain expertise to build machine learning powered applications that help to achieve high-level business objectives
About Us:

Headquartered in Denver, CO, Ibotta (""I bought a..."") is a free mobile shopping and payments app that has delivered more than $675 million in cumulative cash rewards to its users for making purchases in-store, on mobile apps, or via websites. Launched in 2012, Ibotta has more than 35 million downloads and has become one of the most frequently used shopping apps in the United States. The Ibotta platform provides cash back on purchases at more than 1,500 leading brands and hundreds of retailer partners. In 2019, Ibotta launched its payments solution, Pay with Ibotta™, enabling shoppers to pay for their entire purchase through the Ibotta app and instantly earn cash back. Ibotta was named to the 2019 Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing private companies in the U.S., after debuting on the list in 2018. The company recently became the first mobile consumer technology company in Colorado to achieve $1B in valuation.

Learn more about Ibotta here: https://liferewarded.ibotta.com/press-and-media/

To learn more about what our Tech teams are doing day to day, visit Building Ibotta on Medium.com.

Additional Details:
This position is located in Denver, CO and includes competitive pay, benefits package (including medical, dental, vision), 401k, and equity.
Ibotta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Ibotta's employment decisions are made without regard with race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.
For the security of our employees and the business, all employees are responsible for the secure handling of data in accordance with our security policies, identifying and reporting phishing attempts, as well as reporting security incidents to the proper channels.",3.6,"Ibotta
3.6","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
105,Data Analyst,-1,"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking a Senior Data Analyst for Role in Washington, DC

My name is Stephen Hrutka and I am the owner of a Veteran Owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the VA, SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

One of my Veteran-owned clients is looking for a Senior Data Analyst to support a Federal Client in Washington, DC. The ideal candidate has VA experience and experience within the financial management office.

If this role is not a fit for you but you may know someone, I am glad to offer a referral bonus for any successful placements.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
HRUCKUS LLC

Executive Summary: HRUCKUS is seeking a Senior Data Analyst with 8 years of experience to support a Federal Client in Washington, DC.

Overall Job Description: This position will provide support services to a Federal Client in their initiative to provide fraud prevention services for the VBA in addressing its improper payment and fraud prevention/investigation needs.

Position Responsibilities:
Performs tasks which may include obtaining data through advanced computerized models
Extrapolating data patterns through advanced algorithms
Developing simple graphs and charts to explain how the mathematical information will influence the specific project or business
Presenting to managers how to best alter their business models to generate profitable future trends
Education Requirement: BA/BS degree",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
106,Insight & Analytics Data Analyst,"$36k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Insight & Analytics Data Analyst will support our Sr. Analysts and Directors who are managing clients and project work. The position entails measuring business objectives against client KPIs and requires strong technical skills with data analysis and visualization, as well as the ability to craft key insights and findings and present work when required. The Data Analyst will also play a role in various research projects that require an understanding of earned media analysis, and social and web analytics, with a tool-agnostic approach. Multi-tasking and working on several projects at once will be part of the job experience.

Job Functions:
Develops strategy insights that are compelling, actionable, and statistically rigorous, identifying trends and anomalies, and triangulating data gaps
Understanding of project management elements and what role they play, meet deadlines and apply critical thinking to ask questions and help problem solve when needed.
Data visualization expertise and the ability to translate data from multiple data sources into a compelling story.
Has a collaborative mindset, is willing to work with others and take direction.
Applies sophisticated analysis to datasets to discern and identify patterns and recommend relatable actions.
Ability to multi-task and manage competing priorities in a time-sensitive environment.
Ability to ask the right questions to understand business problems and identify measurement or research objectives.
Other duties as assigned.

Minimum/Preferred Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline (Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Data Science) or marking/communications (Strategic Communications, Marketing Communications, Market Research), or the equivalent combination of education and experience
2-3 years of data analysis, data visualization, and/or market research experience is required.
Proficient with Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Power BI
Has passion and ability to learn new technologies, tools and platforms. Experience with social analytics platforms such as Talkwalker, Audiense, Netbase, Sprinklr or similar platforms is a plus.
Additional Requirements:
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate actively and work in a team environment.
Solid organizational and project management skills.
Self-motivated and able to adapt quickly to changing priorities and tight deadlines.
Strong presentation and consulting skills along with the ability to read, write and speak English
Experience working remotely or with colleagues in multiple locations
Must be able to work more than 40 hours per week on occasion
Travel: may on occasion need to travel, up to 10%

Equal Opportunity: WE provides equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against an employee or applicant because of age, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or other legally protected class status.
Diversity and Inclusion: WE values a diverse and inclusive workforce and is committed to creating a workplace where everyone thrives. We promote an atmosphere in which diversity of people and ideas are welcomed and valued. Diversity includes differences in race, religion, gender, age, lifestyle, ethnic background and sexual orientation as well as differences in experiences and ideas.
*LI-TQ1
WAG123",3.7,"WE Communications
3.7","Portland, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
107,Sr Data Scientist,"$87k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

Our Ascension Data Science Institute is looking to add an experienced Sr. Data Scientist to their dynamic and growing team!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, especially to those most in need. In FY2018, Ascension provided nearly $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creates efficient algorithms and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support. Identifies, defines, directs and preforms project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Creates and manages a machine learning pipeline, from raw data acquisitions to merging and normalizing to sophisticated feature engineering development to model execution.
Designs, leads and actively engages in projects with broad implication for the business and/or the future architecture, successfully addressing cross-technology and cross-platform issues. Selects tools and methodologies for projects and negotiates terms and conditions with vendors.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less-experiences staff.
Leads the organizations planning for the future of the data model and data architecture.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
PhD preferred.
Work Experience:
1 year of experience required.
Available GitHub page showing data science capabilitites.
High level of technical skills in mathematics, statistics and or programming.
Experience with intrerpretting data science output for non-data science stakeholders, study/ methods design.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
108,"Research Scientist, Immuno-Oncology (PhD Required)",-1,"Position Summary: *
The research scientist will be involved in conducting immune-oncology research programs directed at identifying new therapeutic targets and development drug development programs in cancer around these targets. The candidate will write scientific publications, grant and patent applications. The responsibilities of this position include developing and executing cell-based assays, _in vitro,_ _ex vivo_ and _in vivo_ to characterize biological mechanisms of action of novel immunotherapeutic product candidates for the treatment of cancer. The candidate will be aligned with four fundamental pillars of BTI's entrepreneurial corporate culture: 1) Be bold and decisive, 2) Never give up, 3) Be solution-oriented, and 4) Do the impossible.
Responsibilities: *
· _Experimental Design: _ Generate and test novel experimental hypotheses to advance discovery-based R&D at BTI. Propose controlled designs capable of robustly testing respective hypotheses to draw conclusions relevant to drug development research.

· _Data analysis: _ Utilize established and novel methods to analyze data. Data types will include but are not limited to flow cytometry results, high-throughput sequencing, protein biochemistry assays, and histopathology.

· _Data communication and reporting: _ Provide detailed reports of experimental results. Generate figures, presentations and publications to communicate results with scientific community, investors, and collaborators. Support the development of peer reviewed scientific publications, patents and grants relevant to ongoing research.

· _Laboratory Procedures_: Perform various standard experimental assays including quantitative real-time PCR, Western blot, flow cytometry, and ELISA. Work in sterile conditions to conduct cell culture experiments and maintain the growth of cell lines. Express and purify recombinant protein. Collect and analyze generated data.

· _Personnel Training_: Training of BTI personnel on laboratory upkeep, experimental assays and research projects. Guide the personnel resourcing of projects and tasks.

· _Animal Procedures_: Conduct various IACUC approved laboratory animal procedures and techniques for BTI’s projects including but not limited to basic rodent handling, oral gavage, intraperitoneal injection, blood collection, and euthanasia. Interact with animal facility personnel to maintain organization and compliance of animal facilities. Will design new animal studies for projects related to therapeutic efficacy or mechanisms of action of new drugs for autoimmune diseases.

· _Teamwork_: Work independently and collaboratively in a matrixed environment. Be able to successfully work with other BTI team members in experiments.

· _Regulatory Compliance_: Support regulatory compliance efforts as instructed by the senior leadership in accordance with IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocols. Implement, organize and maintain regulatory compliance records.

· _Record keeping_: Keep detailed records of all activities, record these activities in ASANA, Google Drive, laboratory notebook, the BTI’s Colony Management System (CMS), and Labkey. Provide weekly updates of the BTI research progress to the Scientific Director, and BTI team. Maintains confidentiality of all data, information and knowledge.

· Maintain the confidentiality of all company deliberations and plans.

· Any new responsibilities or changes in the reporting structure as directed by the executive leadership.

· Act in accordance with Company’s policies.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $48,814.00 - $91,451.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.biotherapeuticsinc.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"BioTherapeutics, Inc.","Blacksburg, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
109,Azure Databricks Data Engineer,"$56k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Collaborate with business stakeholders to identify and meet data requirements
Management of data workflows and pipelines
Responsible for collecting, moving, storing, and preparation of data infrastructure
Manage and secure the flow of structured and unstructured data from multiple sources like ingest, egress , and transform data
Manage, monitor, and ensure the security and privacy of data to satisfy business needs
Other duties as assigned

5 +yrs of Azure experience
Experience with PySpark, Spark SQL, Databricks (notebooks), and Azure Synapse.
** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.**
**This is a W2 opportunity only**
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.",4.3,"BRMi
4.3","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
110,AI Ops Data Scientist,"$116k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company

AstraZeneca is a global, innovation-driven biopharmaceutical business that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of prescription medicines for some of the world's most serious diseases. But we're more than one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. At AstraZeneca, we're proud to have a unique workplace culture that inspires innovation and collaboration. Here, employees are empowered to express diverse perspectives and are made to feel valued, energized and rewarded for their ideas and creativity.

Role

We are looking for a data scientist to join our new AI Ops platform team in Science IT. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working in a range of different cloud environments where they devised and deployed large-scale production infrastructure and platforms for data science. The position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting data & prediction problems in drug discovery.

The successful candidate will be part of a new, close-knit team of deeply technical experts and together have the chance to create tools that will advance the standard of healthcare, improving the lives of millions of patients across the globe. Our data science environments will support major AI initiatives such as clinical trial data analysis, knowledge graphs, imaging & omics for our therapy areas. You will also have responsibility to help provide the frameworks for data scientists to develop scalable machine learning and predictive models with our growing data science community, in a safe and robust manner.

As a strong software leader and an expert in building complex systems, you will be responsible for inventing how we use technology, machine learning, and data to enable the productivity of AstraZeneca. You will help envision, build, deploy and develop our next generation of data engines and tools at scale. You will be bridging the gap between science and engineering and functioning with deep expertise in both worlds.

Key Accountabilities
Liaise with R&D data scientists to understand their challenges and work with them to help productionise models and algorithms.
Be part of the development roadmap to build and operationalise our data science environment, platforms and tooling.
Support any external opportunities, through close partnership and engagement such as Benevolent.AI collaboration.
Deployment of systems, applications and tooling for data science on cloud environments.
Understanding of the necessary guardrails required for different use cases and data sensitivities.
Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU).
Provide the necessary infrastructure and platform to support the deployment and monitoring of ML solutions in production Optimizing solutions for performance and scalability.
Liaise with the Data Engineering team to ensure that the platform and the solutions deployment therein benefit from an optimised and scalable data flow between source systems and analytical models
Implementing custom machine learning code and developing benchmarking capabilities to monitor drift of any analyses over time.
Understanding of the latest AI webservices and data science tools, from DataBricks to citizen data science tools like Dataiku, C3.AI and Domino. Experience working on regulatory data would be helpful but not essential.
Liaise with other teams to enhance our technological stack, to enable the adoption of the latest advances in Data Processing and AI
Being an active member of the Data Science team, you will benefit from, and contribute to, our expanding bank of Data Science algorithms and work efficiently with our data science infrastructure.
Testing and assessing the quality of new tools.
Team recruitment, training provision and coaching
Candidate Knowledge, Skills and Experience
BSc in Computer Science or related quantitative field or MSc/Ph.D degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field.
More than 2 years of experience and demonstrable deep technical skills in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, natural language processing or computer vision.
Experience managing an enterprise platform and service, handling new customer demand and feature requests.
Strong software coding skills, with proficiency in Python and Scala preferred.
Significant experience with AWS cloud environments, working knowledge of Google and Azure platforms. Knowledge of Kubernetes, S3, EC2, Sagemaker, Athena, RDS and Glue is essential. Certification in appropriate areas will be viewed favourably.
Experience with best practice of data transport and storage within cloud system.
Experience building large scale data processing pipelines. e. g. Hadoop/Spark and SQL.
Experience provisioning computational resources in a variety of environments.
Experience with containers and microservice architectures e.g. Kubernetes, Docker and serverless approaches.
Experience with automation strategies e.g. CI/CD, gitops.
Use of Data Science modelling tools e.g. R, Python, SAS and Data Science notebooks (e.g. Jupyter).
Creative, collaborative, & product focused.
Ability to just get things done.",4.1,"AstraZeneca
4.1","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
111,Machine Learning Engineer,"$70k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Job Description:

Leidos is a Fortune 500™ company aimed at embracing and solving some of the world’s most pressing challenges. Through science and technology, Leidos makes the world safer, healthier and more efficient.

Our Civil Group offers an array of exciting career opportunities for the best IT, energy, logistics and engineering professionals. Driven by our talented workforce, the Security Detection & Automation Operation is the cornerstone of Leidos’ comprehensive suite of fully integrated security detection and automation solutions for aviation, ports and borders, and critical infrastructure customers around the world, with more than 24,000 products deployed across 120 countries. Leidos is positioned to address emerging and evolving threats through rapid development of innovative solutions for our global customers. Leidos’ SDA Operation, in conjunction with the TSA, also performs on-call, onsite installation servicing of X- Ray Detection Equipment using leading edge technology to ensure the safety of our clients, customer and passengers. The Security Detection and Automation Operation is comprised of four divisions to align with our customers’ missions and needs:

· Checkpoint

· Hold Baggage

· Ports & Borders

· General Automation

We are seeking a motivated and talented machine learning engineer to join an algorithm development team and participate with hands-on contributions to advanced detection and computer vision algorithms, and supporting software infrastructure.

A successful candidate will apply strong software development skills with knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, and computer vision to contribute to the development of advanced algorithms for next-generation threat detection security systems. The candidate will collaborate with team members to propose and implement improvements to algorithms and supporting software, tools, and compute infrastructure.

Responsibilities will include

Contributing to a team that is developing object detection and image processing system architectures that will be implemented in real-time decisioning processes in security screening systems fielded across the world
Hands on development of advanced machine learning, object detection, image processing, and computer vision algorithms
Development of machine learning software infrastructure to support algorithm development, visualization, and evaluation.

Education:

BS in Computer Science or a related field
Masters degree preferred

Required Qualifications

Minimum 6 years software development experience
Minimum 3 years experience developing machine learning algorithms and supporting software infrastructure
Proficient with Linux
Proficient with Python and Scientific Python Libraries
Proficient with PyTorch or similar deep learning framework
Familiarity with deep neural network architectures and concepts

Desirable Experience

Experienced with algorithm performance evaluation and optimization
Proficient with C++
Experienced with NVIDIA CUDA development
Experienced creating data visualizations using QT and OpenGL frameworks

Leidos is growing! Connect with us on LinkedIn and Facebook. We value and support the well-being and mobility of our employees with competitive benefit packages, complementary e-learning training, work-life flexibility, an exciting External Referral Program, and a diverse, inclusive and ethical work place. In fact, in 2020, Leidos was ranked as one of the “World's Most Ethical Companies” by the Ethisphere Institute for the third consecutive year.

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
None

Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Engineering

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company’s 38,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Va., Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $11.09 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2020. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Saint Petersburg, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
112,Software Engineer (Data),-1,"Second Measure is building products that leverage de-identified transaction data to help companies better understand consumer spend behavior and propensities, and help investors understand companies' performance and consumer spend shifts. We apply advanced data science techniques on large, complex data sets to ensure the highest quality of data and insights.

As a Data Engineer at Second Measure, you will be a technical contributor in the team responsible for building, managing data pipelines and enriching transaction data. You will work under the architectural guidance of Leads and Sr. engineers to build pipelines that run reliably, process billions of transactions, and provide daily updates, so that our high value clients can formulate their marketing and investment strategies.

In this role, you'll:
Design-code-test-deploy
Build on top of existing data architecture, extending pipelines in order to deliver new insights to customers
Use Scala, Python, SQL to improve/extend business logic
Pair with Sr. Engineers to develop features and work with Data Scientists, ex: translate SQL to Spark applications
Work with AWS technologies (SQS, SNS, EMR, EKS) to deploy and manage pipelines
Work in an agile environment
About you:
At least 3+ years work experience building components in complex systems using Java, Python, or Scala + Spark, Hive and Presto
Experience working with data pipelines
Understanding of microservices, RESTful systems, event driven architecture
Familiarity with container and orchestration frameworks (Docker, Kubernetes)
Solid understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals
Hunger to identify and automate manual processes in the pipeline
Our Tech Stack/Development Tools:

S3, Hive Metastore, Spark, Presto, AWS SNS, SQS, EKS, ECR, Batch Terraform, Helm, Prometheus, Grafana, Go, Python, Scala, Redshift, Waggledance, Argo, Github, CircleCI, Docker

Have questions about why/how we use these? Let's talk!

Working at Second Measure:
Highly competitive compensation, systematized to promote fairness and break down traditional gender, race, and age pay gaps
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits for employees and their families
401(k) with company matching (up to 4% of annual salary)
Unlimited paid time off and flexible work arrangements
Generous paid parental leave
Pre-tax FSAs and commuter benefits
Life insurance, disability plans, and legal assistance
*Note on remote ability:

We are all working from home at least through 2020 to keep our team safe and healthy. We hope to (at some point) to work from our San Mateo, CA HQ or NYC office in some capacity in 2021 and it would be great if you are based in the Bay Area or NYC. That said, we are open to remote on a permanent basis, granted you would need to be based in one of the following states: AL, CA, CO, IL, NJ, NY, or WA.",4.9,"Second Measure
4.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
113,Data Scientist,"$88k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","POSITION SUMMARY:

The Data Scientist is a highly motivated and experienced individual who likes to work in a multi-disciplinary team. The Data Scientist will be instrumental in the analysis and interpretation of high-throughput molecular data. Additionally, the individual in this role should have solid Data Science background and be strongly goal-oriented with a focus on real-world impact.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Statistical and bioinformatics analyses of high-throughput molecular data
Interaction with internal and external collaborators to understand, design, and develop the requested solutions
Development and execution of data analysis protocols to support the company's discovery pipeline
Presentation of scientific results internally and externally
Preparation and submission of scientific manuscripts for review and publication
Other duties as assigned
REQUIREMENTS:
Requires a Ph.D. in Bioinformatics, Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Sciences or related field with 0-3 years of experience; or an MS with 5-7 years of industry experience
Proficiency in R is required. Experience in Bioconductor is preferred
Experience in Linux and Big Data technologies
Experience in Scala, C, Python and MySQL is a plus
Experience in working with Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) is a plus
Proven ability to find creative and practical solutions to complex problems
Proven experience in applying Data Science methodologies to extract, process, and transform data from multiple sources
Proven ability to deliver outputs in a comprehensive format that highlights major trends, avoid miss-interpretations and value the conclusions
Proven ability to demonstrate attention to detail and record-keeping
Quick learner, extremely flexible and adaptable to the needs of internal collaborators in a dynamic environment
Ability to efficiently work in multiple projects
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Must be able to work in a team-oriented environment",4.1,"Berg Health
4.1","Framingham, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
114,Senior Data Scientist,"$72k-$122k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.

The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Develop innovative forecasts, models, algorithms, and solutions and build prototypes and production implementations
Dig deep into high volumes of data, engineer features for improved forecast performance
Work cross-functionally to gather feedback and requirements from end users
Be a key contributor to product innovation and company strategy
Communicate technical information clearly to both technical and non-technical people
Required Qualifications
Degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or related field; MS/PhD preferred
3+ years of relevant experience
Strong analytical, statistical, and math abilities; Exceptional problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
#LI-KR1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Baltimore, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
115,Data Analyst,"$34k-$64k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At TrialCard, our passion is success - success for clients, success for us. You’ll notice who comes first. We’re committed to providing solutions, through innovation and unparalleled customer support, to the pharmaceutical industry to improve access and affordability of their medicines to patients. We work tirelessly on the behalf of our clients, because when they succeed, so do we.
The Data Analyst will support internal stakeholders through the aggregation of data for reporting and analytical purposes. The candidate must have the ability to manipulate and normalize data in a way that helps support accurate reporting and foster operational standardization. The Data Analyst will also work cross-functionally to gather and translate requirements across business units creating synergies and developing efficiencies.
The candidate must be an excellent communicator (both orally and written) and be able to effectively foster interactive collaboration and discussions among clients and internal TrialCard teams. The Data Analyst must be able to present analyses and conclusions in a logical and clear manner and must be able to effectively work as part of a team.

Assists program managers with ad-hoc and standardized reports through data manipulation and raw data extracts.
Works directly with business users and decision-makers to gather and document requirements and define scope to ensure accurate development of reporting solutions.
Works primarily within SQL, Excel, and MicroStrategy platforms for data manipulation.
Performs continuous audits to ensure standard, consistent, and quality master data in catering systems is valid and correct.
Supports and maintains current Quality Assurance Program to ensure continued effectiveness within the department.
Identifies additional data, reporting and analytic opportunities to support our pharmaceutical clients and scope work necessary to fulfill them.
Maintains master data lists through additions and revisions when identified by the business users.
Performs and documents procedures for data preparation including data cleaning, standardization and analysis.
Develops and maintains operational dashboards for key decision-makers.
Standardizes and cleanses raw data using predefined rules as well as establishing new rules as needed.
Translates business requirements into reporting requirements/mock-ups for BI and MicroStrategy teams.

Bachelor’s degree in Math, Statistics, Economics, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or similar discipline.
Must have 2+ years of related data-management, analytics, or business intelligence experience.
Solid technical writing skills; ability to clearly and completely articulate work to be done and describe tasks using proper terminology.
Experience interpreting data and presenting meaningful, client-ready business insights.
Demonstrated application of analytical skills.
Mid-level proficiency in SQL programming and common query optimization techniques for data extraction.
Advanced Excel and/or Access skills. (e.g., VLOOKUP, SUMIF, Macros)
Understanding of dimensional data modeling concepts, as well as data warehousing design highly desirable.
Experience designing and implementing enterprise business intelligence solutions using Microstrategy, Microsoft SSRS or similar highly desirable.
Knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry highly desirable.
Knowledge of direct marketing highly desirable.
Experience in the healthcare industry is highly desirable.",3.1,"TrialCard
3.1","Morrisville, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
116,Data Analyst II,"$53k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who is Cenlar?

You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst II.

Job Summary:

Responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external data) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies. Identifies and compiles data sets using a variety of tools (e.g. SQL, Access) to help predict, improve, and measure the success of key business to business outcomes. Responsible for documenting data requirements, data collection/processing/cleaning, and exploratory data analysis; which may include utilizing statistical models/algorithms and data visualization techniques. Incumbents in this role may often be referred to as Data Scientists.

Responsibilities:
Day-to-day actions are focused on administering defined procedures, analysis and report preparation.
Commands knowledge of data elements across the enterprise and industry – definitions, lineage and usage
Executes creation of tabular operational reports and aggregation reports with medium to high complexity.
Commands intermediate to expert level t-SQL coding proficiency
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Responsible for documenting metadata, data lineage, data definitions and business glossary entries.
Handles basic data transformation tasks such as date and decimal formatting, rounding of numeric values, and conversion of numeric values to percentages.
Has intermediate to expert level SSIS ETL build proficiency
Works with Data stewards to enforce adherence to standards for enhancements and new repositories.
Handles more complicated report requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing (e.g. Fibonacci or similar) and trend analysis.
Can deduce portfolio or market trends from reports or chart analysis.
Understands business logic for aggregation and analysis services.
Can perform data transformation and can produce dimensional reports
Can perform basic data profiling activities, understands cardinality
Helps to define guidelines for data management, governance and reporting
May direct day-to-day work of employees, but will not typically have formal management role.
Individual at this level is expected to use some independence of thought but to refer more complex problems to supervisors or other experts.
Individual would be expected to contribute to work flow or process change and redesign and to form a strong basic understanding of the specific product or process.
Qualifications:
Typically exhibits strong executional capabilities and is beginning to take on more responsibility.
Primary focus is on execution within defined parameters, with some expansion based on developing capabilities and or experiences. In partnership with more experienced staff.
Minimum of 5 years of experience.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, finance, mathematics, statistics (or similar) or equivalent work experience
Total Rewards:

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online.",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Ewing, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
117,Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers,"$82k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers

Position Summary:

To continue our solid growth, we are seeking a talented and highly motivated Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers to join our growing organization. The role will provide data curation and analysis support for novel biomarker immunoassay and diagnostic test development and validation and will be responsible for developing and/or maintaining analysis tools and databases. The successful candidate will possess proficient analytical capability, solid background with use of statistics in a scientific context, and strong communication skills. We are looking for team oriented, hands on experts with a passion for personalized medicine and precision health.

Key Responsibilities:
Build, manage and query biomarker and clinical sample data repositories
Perform detailed and robust statistical analysis of clinical and laboratory research data
Statistical support for design and development of immunoassay and in vitro diagnostic assay products
Analyze large multisource and/or multivariate immunoassay data sets
Author statistical analysis plans, protocols, and reports for clinical and non-clinical evaluations
Review study reports for accuracy and robustness of statistical content
Adhere to data and documentation standards
Ensure accurate, in-depth results/data are delivered in a timely manner
Requirements:
PhD in Biology, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, or directly relevant experience in the field of immunoassays or biomarkers
Familiarity with statistical requirements associated with immunoassay data analysis e.g. CLSI standards, Fit-For-Purpose Biomarker Validation, FDA data reporting requirements
Ability to understand scientific questions and formulate statistical and data analysis methods.
Ability to effectively visualize complex biological datasets.
Experience in developing and annotating biological data repositories
Strong proficiency with widely used software tools for visualization and statistical analysis of biological data – examples may include Excel, Prism, JMP, Minitab, SAS
Experience with design of experiments, multivariate data analysis and generating ROC curves strongly preferred
Familiarity with LIMS beneficial
Proficient verbal and written communication skills to clearly explain complex technical details.
Commitment to the successful achievement of team and organizational goals
Quanterix is a company that's digitizing biomarker analysis with the goal of advancing the science of precision health. The company's digital health solution, Simoa, has the potential to change the way in which healthcare is provided today by giving researchers the ability to closely examine the continuum from health to disease. Quanterix' technology is designed to enable much earlier disease detection, better prognoses and enhanced treatment methods to improve the quality of life and longevity of the population for generations to come. The technology is currently being used for research applications in several therapeutic areas, including oncology, neurology, cardiology, inflammation and infectious disease. The company was established in 2007 and is located in Billerica, Massachusetts. For additional Information, please visit https://www.quanterix.com.

Quanterix is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Quanterix is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Quanterix will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.",3.2,"Quanterix
3.2","Billerica, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
118,Associate - Data Science,"$51k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As THE leader in transit technology, Clever Devices' vision is to make meaningful contributions to worldwide mobility. Our goal is to be the leading provider of exciting technology that improves the quality of mobility in communities around the world.

Clever Devices is seeking a recent college graduate with a Data Science degree to join our team. The Associate, Data Science will perform data analysis of Clever Devices customers related to specific products (Clever Reports and R+) specifically as they relate to transportation operations, metrics, and performance measures. This position will work with both internal and external (customers) to develop meaningful analytics that drive business decisions. This role also encompasses support for trouble shooting, report/dashboard building, machine learning, causality, and general data analysis. As this position is customer facing, being customer focused is key.

Primary Responsibilities:
Review and analyze large amounts of raw data and find patterns and extract business insights that will help our customers improve operations.
Assist in writing programs to cleanse data with the purpose of integrating it into operations in a reusable manner.
Implement and validate predictive models, create and maintain statistical models and maintain a focus on big data.
Build partnerships with other departments while working in an Agile and collaborative team setting.
Evaluate results of data models and communicate results to internal and external customers (both technical and non-technical teams).
Skills Required:
B.S in Data Science, Applied Mathematics or related field. Masters degree a plus.
Must be able to clearly communicate across many levels of the organization and have a comfort level interacting with external customers.
Basic and educational level understanding of statistical programming (i.e. Python, R, SAS, MATLAB, etc).
Prior internship or other work experience in a corporate environment.
Basic understanding of technical product development.
Personal or professional interest in public transportation
Powered by JazzHR",3.6,"Clever Devices
3.6","Morrisville, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
119,"Data Analyst, Facilities Engineering Systems","$37k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Improving the health of our community in all we do

Northeast Georgia Health System (NGHS) is a non-profit community health system on a mission of improving the health of our community in all we do. Our team cares for more than 1 million people across the region through four hospitals and a variety of outpatient locations. Northeast Georgia Medical Center (NGMC) has campuses in Gainesville, Braselton, Winder and Dahlonega – with a total of more than 700 beds and more than 1,100 medical staff members representing more than 50 specialties. NGHS also encompasses Northeast Georgia Physicians Group, a multi-specialty group with more than 65 locations, and The Heart Center of Northeast Georgia Medical Center, a cardiology practice with more than 15 locations.

NGHS

The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst position is responsible for providing support for internal Facilities Engineering technology applications. Supports, with assistance from IT, includes installation, configuration, & maintenance, as well as providing training, reporting and production support for applications used by Facilities Engineering. The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst may serve as a resource for other team members, as well as the clinical and support units, contractors and vendors with support related to applications used by Facilities Engineering.

Associates Degree or Technical School Certification required; in lieu of education, comparable additional experience and/or education required.

3 years of work experience utilizing facilities engineering computer systems, technology services or computer systems operations. Knowledge of Healthcare, Federal regulations, Compliance standards, National Fire Protection Associate (NFPA) codes and other regulatory standards applicable to healthcare facilities engineering.

Since first opening its doors in Gainesville in 1951, Northeast Georgia Medical Center has added hospital campuses in Braselton, Barrow and Dahlonega – and become Georgia’s most awarded hospital. Some recognitions include being named to these lists:

America’s 50 Best Hospitals – Healthgrades

100 Top Hospitals – Truven Health Analytics

100 Hospitals with Great Heart Programs – Beckers Hospital Review

America’s Top Quality Providers – Carechex

Atlanta’s Top 150 Workplaces – Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Healthcare’s Most Wired Hospitals and Health Systems – Hospitals & Health Networks magazine

NGMC has also been recognized in recent years as Georgia’s #1 Hospital for overall hospital care, overall surgical care, heart care, orthopedic surgery, women’s care and more.",3.5,"Northeast Georgia Health System
3.5","Gainesville, GA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1951,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
120,Data Engineer,"$86k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Data Engineer to provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The candidate will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Skills Requirements:
The successful candidate should have experience with scripting in Python and using Nifi. Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS is preferred or willingness to learn.
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality.
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS. Ability to communicate analysis to experts and lay persons alike.
Years of Experience: Minimum of 3 years experience.

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's degree in computer science, geography, or related field.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems
4.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
121,Data Analyst,"$60k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

A Data Analyst designs, executes and interprets past and real time data to identify trends, reconcile inconsistencies, and make recommendations to improved IT Service Delivery This includes active analysis of the traditional ITSM Event, Incident, Request, Problem, Knowledge, Change, Configuration and Release processes.

What Youll Get to Do:
Monitors and queries the IT Service Delivery platform to analyze demand, usage, and performance
Uses data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate reporting to improve service delivery, infrastructure management, and conduct proactive problem and incident management.
Works with the ITSM Process Leads and Customer Engagement teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performance
Analyze, define, and report on trends identified in the data
Facilitate Technical Exchange Meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reporting
Leverage the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendations
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement data collection solutions, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality of information
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement and Continual Service Improvement (CSI) opportunities
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Active TS/SCI with Poly required
A bachelor's degree OR equivalent experience/4+ years of IT experience AND 1+ year of data analyst, performance management, and service delivery reporting
ITIL Foundations certification
A good understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniques
Knowledge of statistics and experience with statistical tools to analyze data sets (Excel, SPSS, or SAS)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Experience with the ServiceNow toolset
Experience with Tableau
Degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
ITIL Intermediate Certifications
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
allspark

BITS3

Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.8,"CACI International
3.8","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
122,Claims Data Scientist,-1,"About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary
As a Claims Data Scientist at ConcertAI, you will be responsible for data exploration, and analysis on patient data for various stakeholders in the oncology and healthcare domain, including claims and claims-clinical linked data assets. You will report to the Vice President of Data Products. You should have a good mix of programming/CS, visualization, stats/math, and ML skills (with a particular strength in at least 2 of those areas), and ideally, you have been applying those skills in healthcare. You should have previous experience with healthcare claims. You will design methods and models around client driven needs and you will collaborate with various subject matter experts to inform those methods. You will assist the client delivery team with insights, dashboards, and ad-hoc analytics. You will also work with the engineering team to build prototypes and models for new product development.
Responsibilities
Understand external claims data assets and oversee the ingestion, processing, de-identification, and provisioning for data assets and research projects.
Understand client / product needs and translate them into tactical R&D initiatives with defined goals and timelines.
Reason about healthcare specific problems to analyze visualize, interpret, and contextualize results.
Run a variety of analytics from data QA to complex models.
Become the internal subject matter expert on all things claims.
Implement models using high level software packages (SKlearn, R, TensorFlow, Spark).
Collaborate on software projects with engineers, providing analytical guidance and contributing to codebase.
Requirements
BSc or higher in a STEM field, with formal training in CS, stats, and math.
Strong programming abilities in at least one high level language (python, stata, R).
Knowledge of statistical methods- regression, ANOVA, EDA, PCA, etc.
Basic visualization skills- matplotlib/seaborn/plotly/etc, tableau.
Experience with big data – Cloud data warehouses, cluster computing, Spark, MapReduce/Hadoop.
Experience with healthcare claims data
Intimate familiarity with the python data science stack (pandas, sklearn, numpy/scipy).
Firm understanding of claims data processing and adjudication, including rejections, re-submissions, and identifying final claims.
Ideal candidate would have a competency around linking EMR and claims data via identity management.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .",3.6,"ConcertAI
3.6",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
123,Senior Data Scientist 3 Artificial Intelligence,"$70k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311094

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 5 years of experience, Masters with 3 years of experience or PHD with 1 year of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
124,Data Engineer,"$61k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Why consider OPI, and why do people dig working here?
Variety of consulting; new technologies, projects, and people on a regular basis.
Stability; we’ve been around since 1996 and have a diverse mix of clients and technologies to keep us busy, very busy. And we keep a bench. If you’re not on a project, you’re writing software for our internal business functions or you’re learning new technologies. It’s in our benefit to make our consultants as marketable as possible. That’s good for your career.
No politics or management; we don’t get in the way. Why sit in meetings all day when you can code and be productive?
Awesome benefits; free healthcare for your entire family (yes, free), 24 days of PTO + 10 days of sick time, quarterly profit sharing bonuses, you get paid OT, company trips (to Mexico), 3 company lake cabins/homes, various quarterly company events, new Macbook Pro’s, free beer/soda, chips, candy, and so much more.
You work with the best. Do an Object Partners search on LinkedIn and see the types of talent we hire. You truly get to work with intelligent, passionate engineers that share the same goal of building great software the right way.
Low company overhead. It all means more money back into our consultants pockets (profit sharing) or company trips and events to share in the financial success.

Qualifications

Architecture and design of highly available/scalable distributed systems.
Design and development of streaming data platforms using Kafka Streams, Spark, Flink, Storm, Beam or Cloud Dataflow.
Experience with functional/event-driven programming.
NoSQL technologies such as ElasticSearch or Cassandra.
Messaging technologies such as RabbitMQ, Kafka or Kinesis.
SQL on Hadoop technologies such as Hive, Impala or Presto.
Cloud services such as AWS, Azure, GCP or OpenStack.
JVM languages such as Java, Groovy, Kotlin or Scala.
Service frameworks such as Spring Boot, Ratpack, Vert.x, or Play.
Knowledge of data analytics, visualization and governance.
Knowledge of operating big data production solutions at scale.
Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and DevOps culture.
Passion for software development. Someone that loves what they do, that aren’t just in it for a paycheck. Do you have dev projects going on at home at all times?
New projects, new teams, new technologies means having to adjust and learn all the time. You might get thrown on a DevOps project as well, so having the ability to jump in and get your feet wet without hesitation is important. If you don’t want to grow and learn, we’re not a fit.
Positive, can-do attitude. We can teach the technology, but we can’t teach how to approach client challenges with a positive, helpful demeanor. The best consultants aren’t the most technical (although that sure helps), it’s the consultant that will do whatever it takes to see a client be successful, no matter what they throw at you.",4.6,"Object Partners
4.6","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
125,Data Scientist,-1,"Querying and analyzing Azure customer support data that feed into the Rhythm of Business processes, such as MBRs, WBRs, and creating slides with actionable insight and decision support Prior experience in Azure support, business manager, and working with analytical tools

Ideal candidate must be good with SQL scripts, some data scientist background

This role will be responsible to look at those support data, and be able to pull together PPT slides with consolidated information with actionable and meaningful insights/recommendations from the data analysis.

No need to write Specs, but has to be strong in written communications.

Job Type: Contract

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.9,"Insight Global
3.9","Redmond, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
126,Data Scientist active TS/SCI,"$83k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are currently seeking an innovative, experienced, and highly-skilled Data Scientist to join our growing Advanced Analytics team in Ft. Belvoir, VA. In this role, you will create and develop custom solutions for our users in a collaborative, fast-paced, state-of-the art environment. To be successful in this role, you will be thorough, creative, and exceptionally well-skilled in all phases of the development lifecycle, with a passion for continued learning and collaboration.
*This position is located in Ft. Belvoir, VA and requires an active TS/SCI clearance*

The Data Scientist will:
Demonstrate the ability to frame and scale data problems to analyze, visualize, and find data solutions.
Manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON.
Transform data and analysis into informative visualizations and interactive dashboards using open-source and commercially available tools.
Derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to client research questions.
Establish data science pipelines.
Develop, train, test, deploy, and sustain AI and machine learning models.
Leverage data patterns and other development methods to optimize code and reduce computational cost.
Develop front-end interfaces to facilitate usage of developed AI/ML solutions
Work in a fast-paced, solutions-oriented environment focused on client deliverables, analysis, and reporting.

Active TS/SCI clearance
Bachelor’s degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, or a related business or quantitative discipline strongly preferred. Master's degree in these disciplines preferred.
Experience working with Scala, Python, Java
5-10+ years of related experience required
Advanced data science experience required
Significant experience with databases
Experience and familiarity with Agile-Scrum software development
Experience gathering and decomposing requirements
Proven record of solution development and deployment
Familiarity with web based application development
Experience with testing, use case, and user stories
Outstanding communication skills, written and verbal
Highly-organized and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Team-player mentality with a positive attitude
Keen attention to detail and solid analytical skills
Able to articulate complex, abstract concepts concisely and effectively
#LI-SH1

LMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer-all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.2,"LMI
4.2","Fort Belvoir, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1961,Nonprofit Organization,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
127,Manager / Scientist,-1,"Job Description: Provide support and manage all functions of flow cytometry scheduling, processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting for preclinical and/or clinical development within a Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) environment.*
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Managerial*
Serves as a liaison between staff and test site management
Scheduling and delegating of day to day laboratory activity to provide smooth workflow during the day.
Maintain staff by helping to recruit, select and train new employees
Communication with employees on job expectations, daily activities, enforcing SOPs, policies, procedures and productivity standards
Scientific*
Be able to take on own projects for flow cytometry processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting
Scientific Review, QC and verification of flow cytometry data and/or maintenance records
Help maintain reagent inventory and placing orders for needed materials
Laboratory maintenance including preparation of various solutions, cleaning and re-stocking of laboratory
Archiving of study and/or maintenance records
Troubleshooting of data and various pieces of equipment
Communication with scientific colleagues via email, face-to-face or phone
Work in a team-oriented environment as well as independently
Familiarity with current scientific literature
Prepare data for poster or oral presentations
Attend scientific meetings when appropriate
Be able to follow signed protocols and standard operating procedures
Write standard operating procedures and study reports
Adhere to regulatory requirements
Qualifications and Requirements: *
PhD in a life science field with 5-10 years of hands on flow cytometry experience required and 5+ year managerial experience required
Familiar with BD FACSDiva, BD FACS Canto Flow Cytometer Instrumentation, FlowJo and Microsoft Office required.
Experience in a Good Laboratory Practice and/or Clinical Research environment beneficial but not required
Good oral communication skills, multi-taking and detail oriented
Team player attitude required
M-F normal business, flexibility to work after hours and weekends
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Experience:
Flow Cytometry: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Are you currently performing flow cytometry testing in the laboratory? What type of instruments and software do you use?
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Flow Contract Site Laboratory, LLC","Bothell, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
128,Data Scientist,"$111k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai

As a Data Scientist, you will participate in the definition of new analytics capabilities able to provide our customers with the information they need to make proper decisions to support our customers in operating the internet of things (IoT). In addition, you will help find the appropriate machine learning / data mining algorithms to answer these questions. Finally, you will be responsible for implementing this into the product and making it available to our customers.

Qualified candidates will have an in-depth knowledge of most common machine learning techniques and their application. You will also understand the limitations of these algorithms and how to tweak them or derive from them to achieve similar results at large-scale.

Your Responsibilities:
Driving adoption of Deep Learning systems into next-generation of C3.ai products.
Designing and deploying Machine Learning algorithms for industrial applications such as fraud detection and predictive maintenance.
Collaborating with data and subject matter experts from C3.ai and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements.
Requirements:
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields.
Applied Machine Learning experience (regression and classification, supervised, and unsupervised learning).
Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability and statistics).
Experience with scalable ML (MapReduce, streaming).
Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team.
Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Preferred
Experience with JavaScript and prototyping languages such as Python and R. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus.
Knowledge in electrical engineering and cyber-physical systems is a plus.
A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.) is a plus.
C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including:
Competitive salary, generous stock options, 401K, medical, dental, and vision benefits. At the office, we offer a fully stocked kitchen with catered breakfast and lunch, table tennis and pool table, free membership at our on-site gym, Friday evening social hours with food, drink and music and a fun team of great people.
C3.ai is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.",4.5,"C3.ai
4.5","Redwood City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
129,Senior Health Data Analyst I,"$74k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Health Data Analyst contributes to the overall success of the organization by developing analytic solutions that support activities related to health services utilization management, care coordination, quality improvement and population health. Through analyzing patient claims, member enrollment, and other data, the Senior Health Data Analyst participates in identifying progress, performance and opportunities for improvement on programs, quality of care, patient experience, and other metrics. The Senior Health Data Analyst requires a thorough understanding of healthcare data and workflows, combined with an extensive experience creating large data sets, conducting statistical data analysis (SAS), and using BI tools (Tableau).

Works closely with other members of the Health Analytics team, as well as the Financial Analytics and Data Warehouse teams to gather key data from various internal and external systems.
Creates data sets, extracts and synthesizes data; conducts and interprets quantitative analyses.
Prepares a variety of reports, including statistical analyses and dashboards that allow key stakeholders to make informed business decisions based on data.
Assists in design and development of data collection strategies, aggregation, analysis, and reporting to ensure data integrity and enhance information value.
Generates a quality work product, presentable for content and audience, in a timely manner while maintaining strong attention to detail.
Manages and prioritizes workload while meeting deliverables and expectations.
Works autonomously and collaboratively with report requestors, providing guidance to define report requirements and validate results.
Works collaboratively across departments to understand and meet analytic needs.
Researches and recommends areas for improvement of data quality and reporting.
Maintains in-depth knowledge of health plan operations, including claims processing, utilization management, quality improvement activities and pay for performance programs
Documents report processes/logic and actively engages in department’s documentation efforts to improve knowledge base of team.
SECONDARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Performs other assigned or needed activities required to assure success of the organization.
Participates in special projects as needed.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree with concentration in health informatics, health administration, public health, computing, epidemiology, statistics or related field, Master’s degree preferred. Minimum four (4) years of experience in data analysis and reporting.
Special Skills, Licenses and Certifications
Knowledge of major health plan operations: healthcare claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Excellent knowledge of data collection, analysis, statistics and data presentation with experience in data mining techniques and procedures. Experience using statistical packages for analyzing large data sets. Experience working with administrative data, ideally health care data. Understanding of health data formats including claims, lab and pharmacy. Knowledge of clinical coding systems (e.g., ICD9, ICD10, CPT). Proficiency in inferential and predictive statistical analysis. Proficiency in business software applications such as Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, SAS, and Tableau.
Performance Based Competencies
Must demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to clearly communicate complex information to diverse audiences. Ability to communicate data needs to various customers (internal and external) in order to compile and produce necessary reports. Excellent analytical, problem solving, investigative and research ability. Ability to work in a team environment, take and give direction, follow through with tasks and projects, compromise, negotiate and achieve consensus decisions, support consensus decisions, be flexible and adaptable to changes in assignments and the work environment, work independently, manage time efficiently and multi-task effectively. Ability to make decisions that require significant analysis and investigation with solutions requiring critical thinking. Ability to quickly acquire in-depth knowledge of various systems related to claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits at PHC. Ability to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner. Ability to interpret and understand technical requirements. Must be highly organized and proficient at multi-tasking. Must be willing and able to provide gracious assistance to users, providers, and other constituents of PHC.
Work Environment And Physical Demands
More than 50% of work time is spent at a video display terminal. May be required to bend, stoop, kneel, crawl, or work in other non-standing and non-sitting positions to install cabling, systems hardware, and other related equipment.
All HealthPlan employees are expected to:
Provide the highest possible level of service to clients;
Promote teamwork and cooperative effort among employees;
Maintain safe practices; and
Abide by the HealthPlan’s policies and procedures, as they may from time to time be updated.
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER NOTICE
The job duties, elements, responsibilities, skills, functions, experience, educational factors and the requirements and conditions listed in this job description are representative only and not exhaustive or definitive of the tasks that an employee may be required to perform. The employer reserves the right to revise this job description at any time and to require employees to perform other tasks as circumstances or conditions of its business, competitive considerations, or work environment change.",3.5,"Partnership HealthPlan of California
3.5","Fairfield, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
130,Senior Data Scientist,"$101k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Klaviyo is looking for Senior Data Scientists to join our team which is still in its early days. You'll have a big impact on our direction and how we operate. You'll be central to upfront research and shipping products that help our customers learn and grow from their data.

The ideal candidate has a background in data science, statistics and machine learning and has done work ranging from exploratory analysis to training and deploying models. We use a wide variety of data mining and machine learning algorithms. The right candidate will have both a solid fundamental understanding and deep practical experience with at least a few modeling and machine learning techniques.

You should have experience building models that are used by people to make better decisions. We're focused on shipping early and often. We prefer iterative solutions that are incrementally better to the perfect solution.

How you will make a difference:


Analyze large data sets (we're collecting billions of individual actions every month).
Build models and ship products that enable businesses to grow faster and communicate with their customers.
Democratize and open up that technology to everyone (Our background as a team is building these models for the Fortune 50).
Match the right assumptions and models to the right problem.
Measure and know what impact your models had on the decisions people made -- e.g. did they outperform the previous best model or a human decision maker?

Who You Are:


Bachelor's or advanced degree in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or other relevant quantitative discipline, or equivalent industry experience.
Have worked in a data science role for 5+ years professionally or academically and can talk about your projects and the techniques you used.
Have a strong fundamental understanding and deep experience with at least a few machine learning algorithms (e.g. regressions, decision trees, k-means clustering, neural networks).
Understand Bayesian modeling techniques.
Are capable of analyzing data and making rigorous statements about what can or cannot be concluded.
Have experience designing and implementing model performance/validation assessments.
Have a background in statistics and understand different distributions and the conditions under which they're valid.
Know how code and have used data science tools and packages.
Have demonstrated a measurable impact based on the models you've created. It's not always easy getting a model correct and we love talking about places we got stuck and working as a team to think through ideas that could unblock us.
Have a desire to ship features powered by data science (in other words, you're excited by both upfront research and actually getting models into production at cloud scale).

Get to know Klaviyo

Klaviyo is the world's leading owned marketing platform known for accelerating revenue for online businesses using the channels they own like email, web, and mobile. Enabling companies to leverage these owned marketing channels, Klaviyo makes it easy to store, access, analyze and use transactional and behavioral data to power highly-targeted customer and prospect communications. And unlike other marketing platforms, Klaviyo doesn't force companies to compromise between advanced functionality or ease of use - so companies of all sizes are able to maximize their sales quickly. That's why over 50,000 innovative companies like Unilever, Custom Ink and Eventbrite sell more with Klaviyo.",4.9,"Klaviyo
4.9","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
131,Marketing Data Analyst,"$70k-$100k
(Employer Est.)","Were seeking a Marketing Data Analyst with an entrepreneurial drive who loves turning data into actionable insights and empowering marketing stakeholders to better leverage and understand their data.

Initial responsibilities:
Build, maintain, and monitor a comprehensive set of metrics and KPIs to measure the marketing groups health and success.
Collaborate with specific marketing subgroups to supply them with data and analysis they need day in and day out.
Identify underlying trends in marketing data to help provide strategic recommendations for marketing subgroups.
Empowering marketing group members by helping them understand underlying data and correct ways to interpret the data.
Responsibilities that can be earned:
Use the set of marketing group metrics to spearhead data projects that will help us double down on effective efforts and scale back low/negative ROI efforts.
Uncover data behind eBooks, research reports, social campaigns, and more - for every project underway, make sure theres accompanying data.
Requirements:
3-5 years in an analytic role, SaaS business model is a plus.
Marketing analyst / business analyst experience preferred.
High level of comfort with SQL strongly preferred.
Experience working with SaaS metrics, retention and LTV modeling, and attribution-based measurement a plus.
Strong analytical skills, data sensibility, and an able communicator.
California Job Applicant Privacy Notice

Thank you for your interest in opportunities at SimplePractice LLC (“SimplePractice” or “us” or “we” or “our”). Please note that when you submit your resume or application materials to us for employment purposes, we may collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, email address, and phone number); protected characteristics (e.g., sex, gender, age, citizenship, disability status, and veteran status); professional or employment-related information (e.g., employment history, educational background, certificates and licenses, work eligibility information and other information obtained from your resume, cover letter, your responses to our application questions, background check forms, and your references); other personal records (e.g., signature, photograph, and criminal background information); and inferences drawn from personal information collected (e.g., creating a profile that reflects your abilities and aptitudes).
We collect the above categories of personal information for the following business purposes:
To perform recruitment and hiring services; to manage the workforce; to comply with federal and state laws, and to maintain security (e.g., to detect and prevent against security risks and incidents, to prevent against fraudulent or illegal activity, and to ensure compliance with our company policies and procedures).
For more information about our privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Policy or contact us at privacy@simplepractice.com

Powered by JazzHR",4.6,"SimplePractice
4.6","Santa Monica, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
132,Software Engineer - Data Visualization,"$60k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels who are experienced with data visualization, interactive data-driven visualizations, and user interface design. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for the design and development of data visualization software, techniques, and algorithms.
The candidate should have experience creating and building custom, re-usable data visualizations based on statistical and mathematical modeling and data analysis to be used to solve a variety of problems related to data reporting. Seeking engineers with the ability to overcome information overload, are familiar with accessibility compliance, information design, and human factors and usability design.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop, and deploy analytic software solutions
Self-motivated with a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Designing, developing, and deploying data visualizations, interactive dashboards, and user interface solutions
Applying knowledge of technical computing platforms, tools, and techniques to analyze information and data requirements obtained from data scientists, analysts, and other business stakeholders
Planning and proposing solutions for the optimization of data integration strategies, intuitive designs, and enterprise interactive dashboards
Formulating simulation models of operational problems and proposed solutions related to integrating and analyzing using dynamic data visualizations that incorporate intuitive interfaces, infographics, interactive drill-downs, movements
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams on the use of data visualizations developed
Collecting feedback to make continuous improvements to new and existing data visualizations
Contributing to guidelines and design conventions and standards for modeling and data visualizations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design, development, and deployment of software systems
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Front-end application frameworks such as Vue, React, Angular
HTML/CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap, Zurb, Material
Experience developing client-side applications using JavaScript
JavaScript libraries such as Bootstrap, jQuery, Leaflet, D3.js
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Comfortable meeting with customers and peers to explore change requests, bugs and new ideas
Customer technical support experience
Documentation experience, to include up-front design documentation


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
133,Quality Control Scientist,"$40k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary: Influence the continuous improvement of a GxP training program based on regulatory requirements and reinforcing a quality culture. Immerse GxP principles into the DNA of the Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Industrial Operations and Product Supply (IOPS) organization.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, the following:

• Develop and implement new approaches and enhancements to the IOPS GxP training program

• Seed GxP Quality Culture into all facets of the IOPS organization

• Evaluate the regulations and industry trends to identify opportunities to strengthen the GxP training program

• Collect and analyze data, establish facts and identify opportunities for improvement

• Conduct GxP Training monitoring and review outcomes with functional areas

• Identify and effectively communicate risks

• Develops and writes advanced reports for the GxP training program

• Organize, facilitate and present training sessions to groups or individuals as needed

• Ability to handle multiple projects and priorities with exceptional organizational and time management skills

• Supports IOPS Technical Training and organizational training initiatives

• Supports fulfillment of the IOPS Annual Training Plan and approves content

Goal of the position:

• Evaluate the current GxP training program and identify opportunities beyond onboarding and ongoing refresher training while promoting continuous improvement

• Support the regulatory requirement for personnel to have: Training, Experience and Education; with specific emphasis on Education

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

• A versatile, high energy, thinker, and self-motivated individual

• Understands and can apply human performance fundamentals

• Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills

• Ability to take a big idea and make it happen

• Ability to use data to drive results

• Ability to negotiate and influence without authority

• Proven project management experience

• Ability to embody to the IOPS culture

Education and Experience:

• Principal Level - Requires BS/BA in related field, in-depth knowledge of GxP requirements, and 8+ years of relevant experience in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology or a highly regulated industry. Related experience may be substituted in lieu of education.

• Staff Level - Requires BS/BA in related field, in-depth knowledge of GxP requirements, and 10+ years of relevant experience in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology or a highly regulated industry. Related experience may be substituted in lieu of education.

• Experience shaping a GxP training program, reinforcing, and developing innovative solutions for a Quality Culture

• Experience with GxP Quality Systems preferred

Level to be determined based on qualifications relevant to the role

Does this sound like you? Apply now to take your first steps toward living the Regeneron Way! We have an inclusive and diverse culture that provides amazing benefits including health and wellness programs, fitness centers and stock for employees at all levels!

Regeneron is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief (or lack thereof), sex, nationality, national or ethnic origin, civil status, age, citizenship status, membership of the Traveler community, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, familial status, marital or registered civil partnership status, pregnancy or maternity status, gender identity, gender reassignment, military or veteran status, or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application process. Please contact us to discuss any accommodations you think you may need.

#INDIOPS
-",3.8,"Regeneron
3.8","Rensselaer, NY",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
134,Machine Learning Engineer,"$99k-$174k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Video & Image Understanding Group develops and applies cutting-edge computer vision and deep learning techniques to solve problems in object detection, recognition, localization & tracking; biometrics; 3D scene reconstruction; threat detection; vision-aided navigation; and situational awareness. Our projects integrate algorithmic research, software engineering, and application system development to produce innovative capabilities that address challenging national security problems. We actively collaborate with research engineers across STR, as well as with academic researchers and industry partners to develop practical and powerful computer vision solutions.

The Role:
Develop, implement and evaluate machine learning algorithms to detect, segment, classify and track objects in diverse imaging modalities.
Apply machine learning techniques to integrate information from multiple looks and multiple modalities to improve scene understanding capabilities.
Develop and apply transfer learning and domain adaptation techniques to solve scene understanding problems where limited measured training data is available.
Perform data analysis on experimental data and identify performance improvement strategies.
Transition machine learning algorithms to prototype and/or real-time systems demonstrations.
Who You Are:
BS, MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics or related technical discipline
Strong scientific software development skills
Independent analytical problem-solving skills
Experience in machine learning techniques, particularly deep learning
Motivated collaborator and excellent communicator to both technical and non-technical audiences
Some Other Relevant Skills You May Have:
Experience with Python and C/C++
Experience in developing and applying machine learning techniques to solving computer vision problems",4.2,"Systems & Technology Research
4.2","Woburn, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
135,Aviation Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer,"$106k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems. Key Functions: The successful candidate will be part of a team conducting analyses of multiple, integrated sets of aviation, weather, and other related data to identify ways to improve predictive models, identify trends impacting operations, and apply machine learning techniques to solve complex problems. Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications: - Experience using tools such as Java, R, and Python to prepare and analyze time series data. - Coding, data modeling, simulation, and data visualization experience (e.g., Tableau). - Excellent statistical and mathematical skills. - Excellent written and verbal communications skills. - Experience with machine learning techniques and algorithm development. - Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn). - Knowledge of Hadoop (e.g., Pig, Spark) or another distributed computing system. - Past experience working in the aviation domain and with aviation data. Skill is desired, but not required. Minimum Qualifications: BS in Data Science, Machine Learning, or related field of study.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
136,Aviation Data Scientist & Machine Learning Engineer,"$106k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
137,SQL Data Analyst,"Employer Provided Salary:
$45k-$53k","Job Description
Company: Palm Beach Accountable Care Organization
Job Title: SQL Data Analyst
Department: Information Technology
Reports To: CIO
FLSA Status: Exempt
Prepared Date: 1/2/2020
DISCLAIMER:
Job descriptions are not meant to be all-inclusive and/or the job itself is subject to change. Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform ETL duties to move data from raw format for use by multiple departments
Apply knowledge of data, data structure and analytical tools to research or identify trends, expenditures, and utilization of healthcare providers/practices.
Respond to requests for data by determining user’s needs, collecting, organizing, and analyzing data, and providing accurate and complete reports and information.
Assist other analysts to perform financial analysis of facilities, practices, provider services, and utilization.
Work with other analysts to perform a variety of ad-hoc analysis and assessments or initiatives as requested.
Identify, develop and implement methods for improving reporting efficiency for department.
Perform checks and audits of various data sources to ensure data adheres to data governance and maintenance policies.
Maintain and apply knowledge of current trends, practices and developments in health care.
Educate and assist in problem solving to promote the implementation of the health care initiatives and research.
Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, procedures, and programs within technology field.
Contributes in the data integrity, governance, and data structure standards and policies.
Collects, compiles and analyzes data to measure and report on provider and program performance.
Must abide to all HIPAA, Confidentiality and Privacy laws.
Other duties as assigned within the scope of responsibilities and requirements of the job; not limited by this job description.
Supervisory Responsibilities:
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.
Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Analytical and advanced problem solving strategies.
Working knowledge of industry coding (revenue codes, ICD9/ICD10/ICD11 classifications, CPT codes)
of data, data objects, data structure, and industry standards.
Minimum level computer skills in a Microsoft Office environment: Advanced.
Strong skills in SQL, Microsoft Excel, or other comparable software tools.
Programming languages preferred, notably C#
Experience with ETL process management and data engineering
Strong internet research capabilities.
Bi- or Multi- lingual skills (written and verbal): A Plus.
High attention to detail
SQL Server / SSRS / Other Analytics Software
Report Writing
Problem Solving
Systems/Workflows/General IT
People Skills
Assertive / Reliable
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions.
Safety and Security - Uses equipment and materials properly.
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time.
Knowledge of legal and ethical consideration related to patient information.
Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience:
Required: Bachelor's degree in statistics, engineering, computer science and 1-3 years of experience in the field or in a related area.
Preferred: Master’s degree in a related area
Language Skills:
Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations to visitors, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Reasoning Ability:
Ability to think critically and objectively and unbiased. Quickly learn/adapt to healthcare industry standards, codes, data, and business practices.
Computer Skills:
MS Office Productivity Tools (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Internet, SQL & Data Objects, various report writing tools. Programming skills preferred in C# or other related languages.
Other Skills and Abilities:
High accuracy and extreme confidentiality a MUST. Highly detail-oriented and must possess a very high degree of organization.
Physical Demands:
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee will have a combination of standing, sitting, bending and reaching. May work at a computer monitors for prolonged periods. The employee may lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.",3.8,"Palm Beach ACO, LLC
3.8","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
138,Data Scientist Risk Analyst,"$50k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Oasis Systems has an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst to support the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) in Washington, DC.
The successful candidate shall provide support in data analytics, Python, data visualization, dashboards and use of data analytic tools. Activities which the contractor may be tasked to perform include gathering requirements from stakeholders, conducting financial data analysis and risk analysis in a Big Data environment, and creating interactive dashboard reports and documentations.

LOCATION: Washington, DC

JOB STATUS: Full-Time

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Certifications, Experience, Skills)

SECURITY CLEARANCE: Ability to pass a Special Agreement Check (SAC) and a National Agency Check and Inquires (NACI) Background Investigation

EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree

CERTIFICATIONS AND TOOLS: Certifications in Data Analytics program languages such as Python and R preferred but not required. Experience with Global Risk product a plus, but not required.

EXPERIENCE LEVEL: A minimum of 8 years of relevant experience in the data analysis field and a minimum of 5 years of industrial analytics experience using Python (recent use during the past 3 years) as well as extensive experience with SQL.
Specific experience with financial or market risk analysis is a Must.

DESCRIPTION: Functionally, the candidate will be responsible for:

Work closely with the customer to gather and document project requirements.
Perform data manipulation and advanced data analysis including financial modeling, data mining, and Machine Learning techniques.
Perform risk analysis which may include a broad range of financial risk measures, (such as Value at Risk (VaR): computation and evaluation, VaR tracking (VaR evolution over time), Incremental (and marginal) VaR calculation for individual asset classes /positions, conditional VaR, stress testing).
Test each project thoroughly before presenting it to the task order project manager for quality control. Document test results as part of the project closeout documentation.
Create documentation as required under the PMLC and the Configuration Change Board (CCB) in order to move projects to the production environment.
Coordinate with internal and external organizations providing data to understand and resolve improper data formatting and other integration issues.
Participate in facilitated meetings between stakeholders at CFTC which may include regular status meetings, user acceptance testing meetings and ad hoc development discussions.
Data analysis tasks may be varied. They will include complex data requests that require data mining, extraction, and query optimization services from Divisions throughout the CFTC.
Assist business users, economists, statisticians, and others, as required, to support effective use of analytic techniques and CFTC-approved tools to meet the customers various analytic needs.

Who We Are

Oasis Systems is a premier provider of customer-driven, cost-effective and quality Engineering Services; Enterprise Systems and Applications; Human Factors Engineering; Information Technology and Cyber Security; Professional Services; and Specialized Engineering Solutions to the Department of Defense, FAA, NRC and other federal agencies.

We strive to be an exciting and welcoming company that attracts, develops, motivates and retains the most talented, skilled and dedicated people in the industry; where they are encouraged to achieve personal excellence, purpose, and their full potential and career aspirations; while supporting mission-critical national security technologies and programs.

Oasis Systems is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of any legally protected characteristic including, but not limited to, race, color, religion, national origin, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, ancestry, age, medical condition, military veteran status or on the basis of physical handicap which, with reasonable accommodation, render the application to satisfactorily perform the job available.",3.7,"Oasis Systems LLC
3.7","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
139,Machine Learning - Computer Scientist,"$109k-$186k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The Research & Development centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.

MITRE is seeking a Senior / Lead Computer Scientist to cultivate and lead highly skilled technical staff to apply machine learning / deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics. As our Computer Scientist you will promote and provide MITRE-unique value across multiple sponsors. Additionally, you will be expected to initiate and contribute to various research projects & efforts across MITRE and in collaboration with academia, industry and sponsors.

Responsibilities include:
Provide thought leadership and collaborate with academia, industry and MITRE Technical Centers, portfolio and program divisions in innovation and research initiatives related to machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics in combination with cybersecurity, data engineering and social science
Work with department leadership to develop and evolve an enduring, adaptive and forward-looking strategy and capability advancing the Department domain knowledge and capabilities that align with strategic/significant sponsor needs and challenges including but not limited to: Adversarial information scenarios, Defining, detecting and measuring information trust, bias/fairness in decision, models and algorithms, Biometric authentication, detecting biometric or identity fraud, anti-spoofing, Defining, detecting and measuring bias in datasets and information, Information security and privacy, Data generation, and Data impacting quality of decision
Contribute to the technical work program of one or more projects and provide technical guidance and quality products focused on successful sponsor outcomes, strong leadership and transition of research results to sponsor operations
Provide exemplary leadership, caring mentorship, and collaborative technical advice to staff related to Department domain knowledge or capabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Cybersecurity, Mathematics, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related field
5 + years applicable experience including machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to possess and maintain a DoD clearance
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Hands on work experience will include tools / packages such as: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, Theano, PyTorch, dlib, C/C++, Python, JSON, XML, SQL, NoSQL, DBMS, ETL
Outstanding presentation skills, both development & delivery, are required for both MITRE facing and Sponsor facing communications
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in related field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active US Government clearance are preferred
Proven experience with cybersecurity, data engineering, social science, mobile computing, computer networking, virtualization, cloud computing, and big data
MITRE’s workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. For more information please visit https://www.mitre.org/careers/working-at-mitre. U.S Citizenship is required for most positions.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
140,Data Scientist,-1,"WHAT WE DO MATTERS:

Here at The Knot Worldwide, we believe in doing work that matters. In 15 countries around the world, our leading family of brands (The Knot, WeddingWire, Bodas, GigMasters, The Bump, How They Asked, Lasting, and more) inspire, inform, and celebrate our communities as they move through life's milestones. From the proposal to creating a home, and starting a family together, we're there for every step of the journey. Our couples and business partners depend on us. They're all in. So are we.

ABOUT THE ROLE AND OUR TEAM:

The Knot Worldwide is in search of a full-time Data Scientist. Our Data Scientists work with stakeholders across all departments within the company. They answer strategic questions and provide insight to internal decision makers ranging from executives and senior management to product managers and team leads. They also work with our product team to develop data driven algorithms that improve features on the website.

This opening is for our Marketplace zone which connects over 2 million engaged couples with +50,000 local wedding vendors (e.g. Venue, DJ, Florist, etc.) across the US each year. This position plays an essential role in solving complex problems across our two-sided marketplace in areas such as pricing, product strategy, and go-to-market optimization.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create smarter product solutions for our couples and vendors
Answer strategic questions by analyzing behavioral data
Communicate, collaborate and present results to clients within The Knot Worldwide
Explore novel ways to look at our data
SUCCESSFUL DATA SCIENTIST CANDIDATES HAVE:
Master's Degree or Ph.D. preferred
Experience implementing auction based business models
Strong product experience
Proficiency in key statistical and machine learning techniques (predictive modeling, classification, clustering, text analytics, recommender systems , data mining methods, forecasting, and other advanced techniques)
Proficiency with R or Python
Familiarity with common Linux command line tasks and version control software like git or svn preferable
Ability to communicate effectively and influence others
Ability to work in a fast paced environment and shift gears quickly
At The Knot Worldwide, we believe you are more than a resume and invite you to go for it, take the leap of faith, and apply for this job if it sparks your passion to join TKWW and make a difference!

WHAT WE LOVE ABOUT YOU:
You Dream Big. You iterate and experiment to drive innovation.
You Love Our Users. You keep our global community at the center of everything you do.
You Respect All Voices. Inclusion strengthens us and powers your decisions.
You Hustle Every Day. You favor urgency and own your outcomes.
You Win Together. People are at the heart of our success and you play as a team.
WHAT YOU LOVE ABOUT US:

The Knot Worldwide offers a unique employee experience and we are deeply proud of our award-winning culture. From flexible vacation and generous parental leave benefits to promoting wellness and giving back to our community, we believe in happiness above all else—in and out of the office.

----

The Knot Worldwide provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, The Knot Worldwide complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. The Knot Worldwide expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.

--

This position is not eligible for sponsorship.

--

If you are a resident of California, by submitting your application, you acknowledge that you've read the California Privacy Notice.",3.7,"The Knot Worldwide
3.7",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
141,Senior Data Analytics/Scientist,"$103k-$169k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Senior Data Analytics/Scientist to support the Chief Human Capital Office (CHCO) for an Intelligence Community (IC) program in Northern Virginia. An Active TS/SCI with polygraph security clearance is required to be considered for this position. The candidate will support Government staff in developing a broad range of written products in support of senior leadership and USG policymakers.

Primary Responsibilities

Provide expert and professional data scientists to implement effective and innovative solutions meshing disparate data types to discover insights and trends in human capital information. Perform work on a data science team to advance HCA across the IC. Centralize IC CHCO data collection and synthesis, including survey data, enabling strategic and predictive analytics to guide business decisions. Develop or utilize complex programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in data sets; lead statistical modeling, or other data-driven problem-solving analysis to address novel or abstract business operation questions; and incorporate insights and findings into a range of products.

Create detailed write-ups of processes used, logic applied, and methodologies used for creation, validation, analysis, and visualizations. Write- ups shall occur initially, within a week of when process is created, and updated in writing when changes occur.

Adapt freeware solutions such as R, and modular solutions for maximum flexibility. Provide an advanced capability for data analysis of human capital information from disparate data types, promoting visualization and storytelling to discover insights that help guide business decisions. Be forward leaning, exploring HCA solutions that benefit IC elements individually and collectively. Let the data tell the story including what is inconsistent or contradictory, and automate data cleansing as much as possible. Integrate data solutions and collection with IC Information Technology Enterprise to enhance connectivity with IC Elements.

Identify and customize, if necessary, Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) Information Technology (IT) tools for administration and data collection, or to leverage, support, and integrate the process with tools built for the IC and/or its component elements. Any tools developed shall be web-based and web-enabled, designed to maximize feedback effectiveness while protecting employee assessment information, and include both structured interview and web-based tools for gathering feedback.

Assist in the development and maintenance of financial procedural guidance, templates and data formats, for identifying IC-wide workforce numbers, to include government, military, and contractor support. Review, assess data, identify data deficiencies and recommend solutions for remediation. Support quantitative and analytic efforts for workforce planning, development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to the Congressional Budget Justification Book (CBJB) planning displays, and analytic support for budget management and planning. Assist with ad hoc data requests from Congress, IC elements or as required by IC CHCO.

Coordinate and facilitate community of practice and working group meetings, to include meeting logistics, agenda development and presenter coordination, day-of execution and facilitation, documentation and distribution of meeting minutes and presentations. Present or coordinate presentations on relevant topics as directed by IC CHCO.

Demonstrated experience in developing and applying quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large human capital data sets (such as the Human Capital Data Call, Foreign Language Data Call, FAIR act data, etc.) using statistical and graphical packages.

Applied knowledge in the mathematical sciences such as probability, statistics, predictive modeling, computational social sciences; computer programming such as but not limited to Python, R, SAS, SPSS; and COTS data visualization packages such as but not limited to Tableau. Experience with Oracle Database and Procedural language/Structured Query Language (PUSQL).

Demonstrated experience with structuring data, natural language processing, database technologies, and machine learning algorithms.

Ability to translate complex, technical, or analytic findings into an easily understood narrative- tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form.

Preferred Experience:

C#.NET, ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC), jQuery, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), etc.

Demonstrated expertise in supporting quantitative and analytical efforts and knowledge of workforce planning. Experience should include engagement with the Intelligence Community and expertise with using analytical software.

Demonstrated professional experience in developing quantitative financial analysis related to budget formulation and execution. Experience in development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to CBJB workforce displays and analytic support, resource management and planning.

Demonstrated experience in human resource management supporting the federal government.

Demonstrated experience in the use of programming, design, development, and implementation of on-line and automated survey instruments.

Years of Experience: 7 years of relevant experience in a related field (computer science, mathematics, statistics, etc.).

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's or advanced degree in social sciences or related fields. Related fields may include statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, or engineering.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance/ SCI Eligibility with a CI Polygraph. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems, Inc.
4.5","Bethesda, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
142,"R&D Scientist, Associate","$21k-$49k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Improve Lives—that’s what drives us. It’s what makes us better, more innovative, more compelled to work harder. What we do is develop superior point-of-care rapid testing solutions for healthcare providers around the world; what we help create is healthier lives and communities.
Position Summary*: The R&D Scientist, Associate is responsible for performing experiments to develop and refine state-of-the-art assays for the detection of infectious diseases.
Duties & Responsibilities* include but are not limited to:
° Responsible for the preparation and application of all buffers, test lines, control lines, and other components used in Chembio diagnostic products

° Analyzes data

° Writes summaries and reports

° Performing daily and weekly instrument calibrations as indicated

° Responsible for maintaining neat and accurate batch records as either an operator or a witness during all procedures

° Compliance with regulatory standards. Adherence to all OSHA compliance laws and to the requirements of the USDA and FDA

° Compliance to the requirements of cGMP’s

° Maintenance of equipment and work area as directed

° Reporting deviations to established processes

Qualifications Required*:

° Bachelor’s degree in a Life Science or related field

° Attention to detail and proficient record keeping

° Computer literate, familiar with Microsoft Office
COMPANY PROFILE*
Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc. is a public company serving the increasing global demand for rapid tests needed for the effective prevention and treatment of infectious diseases and other conditions. Located minutes off the Long Island Expressway in Medford, NY, Chembio operates a research and manufacturing facility that is registered with the US FDA.

Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disability/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation

For more information about Chembio Diagnostic Systems Inc., please visit our website.

Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.6,"Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc.
2.6","Medford, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
143,Sr. Compliance Data Analyst,-1,"Main Objective: The Compliance Data Analyst Sr (DA) Specialist will be responsible for the administration of the Risk Management & Compliance (RM&C) DA program to provide actionable insights through data and analysis to achieve business objectives.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Assists in the administration of audit tools for workpaper documentation and issues tracking.

Supports the Global Compliance Audit team to embed DA in the audit process in order to facilitate effective risk-based audit approach.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders in the development and implementation of global, regional and subsidiary continuous monitoring activities.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders and their business partners to understand business goals, objectives and challenges, and provides reliable and accurate reports, insights, and analysis to support informed decision making.

Analyzes and interprets complex data sets and communicates trends and findings to RCOs and other RM&C leaders as well as other stakeholders and business partners.

Performs analysis of structured and unstructured data to solve complex business and department problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses.

Solicits feedback from stakeholders to continuously evaluate and improve the quality of reports and dashboards.

Assists in the identification and addressing opportunities for process enhancements as well as new analytical opportunities.

Partners with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders to identify opportunities where DA can be utilized to assist the business gain insights with advance analytics tools and solutions.

Supports the development and implementation of various RM&C department initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness of the company’s global compliance program.

Delivers training to RM&C team members and other stakeholders on effectively using analytic tools and solutions.

Develops strong relationships with relevant members of the Global Information Services (GIS) department and other DA personnel from other departments to leverage expertise and foster collaboration.

Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and solutions to business partners.

Incidental Duties:

The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, and indeed additional responsibilities may be assigned, as required, by management.

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's Degree required in Business, Data Science, Data Analytics or a related field.

5 years of experience in Legal, Compliance, Risk, Internal Audit or working with IT systems related to Legal, Compliance, Risk or Internal Audit required; preferably within the healthcare/life sciences/biotech industry.

Strong knowledge and experience in advance analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources preferred.

Expertise in visualization tool e.g., Microsoft PowerBI, Tableau preferred.

Ability to communicate in an additional language preferred.

Knowledge and Skill Requirements/Specialized Courses and/or Training:

Professional written, verbal, analytical, organizational, problem solving and presentational skills.
Ability to understand and develop business process and controls.
Comfortable working in situations with no clear answer.
Ability to prioritize projects and responsibilities.
Self-starter and willingness to contribute where there is a need within the team.
Ability to adapt in a dynamic and high-growth environment.
Knowledge of laws, regulations, and industry guidance applicable to a global healthcare company.

Machine, Tools, and/or Equipment Skills:

Fully proficient use of the Microsoft Office Suite: Outlook, Visio, Excel, Word, Power Point and various and specialized software.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Naples",3.0,"Arthrex
3.0","Naples, FL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
144,"Data Scientist, Cloud Business Operations","$111k-$176k
(Glassdoor Est.)","53303

About NetApp

NetApp provides software, systems, and services to manage, store and share data via on-premises, and private and public clouds to customers worldwide. NetApp is emerging as a leader in providing public cloud services on all major cloud platforms, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft , and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). These cloud services, such as Cloud Volumes; Cloud Insights, Virtual Desktop Service, Global File Cache, SaaS backup, and Spot, avails customers to consider many more options on how and where to manage their critical workloads and data for optimal business and financial outcomes. The NetApp Public Cloud Services business unit is at the forefront of our effort to transform NetApp into a leader in the cloud market.
Job Summary
About the Position

This Cloud Business Operations Data Scientist will be the primary go to person for all of NetApp Public Cloud Services needs for analyzing tons of cloud services usage and billing data to derive intelligent business insights for enabling NetApp’s highest growth business. This person will be an expert in both understanding the data, as well as architecting and developing business logic and code to deliver automation in business intelligence. This is a highly technical role with deep understanding of Azure programming, R, SQL databases, visualization on Tableau, and scripting, along with years of experience in cloud services business operations. Knowledge of public cloud-based transactions on the top 3 cloud provider marketplaces (AWS, Azure and GCP) is a must, along with experience and understanding of integrations with internal systems for CRM, CPQ, Subscriptions Billing and Finance.

This role will coordinate with product management, IT and operations, and other NetApp functions including sales, marketing, and finance to understand, analyze and improve product pricing, SKU design, and transaction processing of our existing cloud offerings and upcoming innovations. This role will also act as the primary operations liaison between product management teams and business operations. The right person for this role has deep understanding of public cloud marketplace transaction processing, billing, metering, and revenue/usage reporting. This person also has extensive experience in dealing with cross-functional business requirements and engaging with key stakeholders at both the executive/VP level and with delivery teams.
Job Requirements
Key Responsibilities
Analyze usage and billing data from multiple sources to derive business intelligence
Develop business logic and write code to automate BI output
Design and develop visualization dashboards in Tableau
Understand public cloud marketplace transaction processes and provide guidance to business operations teams on implementation best practices
Leverage business insights to provide guidance to product management for pricing and transaction processing design
Skills and Qualifications
10+ years of experience working with various cloud providers, software vendors and/or consulting organizations
5+ years of experience in data analysis and business insights
5+ years of experience in Azure programming, R, SQL databases and Tableau
Understanding of enterprise cloud solutions and related technical offerings
Collaborative personality; comfortable working across many functions and teams, and engaging with senior executives
A creative go-getter who is full of ideas and can execute on those ideas in a fast-paced, demanding environment with excellent interpersonal and social skills
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.
Travel Required

20% (includes domestic and int.)
Education
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.

Nearest Major Market: San Jose
Nearest Secondary Market: Palo Alto
Job Segment:
Operations Manager, Scientific, Database, Cloud, Operations, Engineering, Technology

Apply now »",3.7,"NetApp
3.7","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1992,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
145,Data Science Software Engineer,"$36k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Schneider organization is seeking an experienced Data Science Software Engineer to be responsible for the creation of tools and applications that enable complex Advanced Analytics solutions within the enterprise. You will create conceptual prototypes to test new concepts, develop advanced analytics systems to solve challenging business problems, and deploy these tools and systems into the business and monitor their effectiveness and usefulness. You will also research the use of purchased and open-source technologies and concepts that support the creation of tools and systems for use by technical and non-technical users.

About the role:
Provide expert technical guidance in project working groups. Will frequently be asked to lead technical project discussions.
Gather requirements, design, develop, test, implement, and support applications developed across various development environments and in various languages.
Work with the Engineering team to develop and apply heuristics and mathematical concepts, such as natural language processing (NLP), simulation, optimization, machine learning, and statistical models to business problems. Develops state-of-the-art advanced analytics solutions for complex business problems.
Create prototype applications for complex solutions to implement approved concepts, actively guides and monitors the prototype when deployed to key users, transitions the prototype into a production system and provides production-support after implementation.
Follow appropriate development methodologies while developing applications.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Our ideal candidate will have:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field, plus a minimum of 5 years of IT work experience in systems analysis, designing, programming, system admin, implementation and maintenance of applications within an application domain; or the equivalent.
Advanced knowledge of advanced analytics software technologies, technical design, programming, monitoring, and troubleshooting enabling software related technologies. Knowledgeable of advanced analytics strategies, architectural standards and best practices.
Two or more years of experience with two or more programming languages from the following list required: Java, Python, JavaScript, C++, Ruby, C#, Objective-C or R.
Advanced experience with Python or Java specifically.
Experience with any data science tools such as R, SAS, or SPSS a plus. Experience with the HDFS/YARN/Spark and related tools a plus.
Experience with mathematical modeling languages (DOcplex/CPLEX, Matlab, GAMS) a plus.
Experience developing applications in a Linux server environment preferred.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.

Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com/.
Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
146,Data Engineer,"$52k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

ID.me is a digital identity network and our mission is to make the world a more trusted place by facilitating transparent and efficient interactions between people and organizations.

We are looking for a Data Engineer to join our Product team to design and build a robust set of tools and pipelines to support data analytics efforts. You’ll manage and optimize our core infrastructure by creating and maintaining data pipelines. You will work with other engineers and analysts from the Product and Business teams to design, implement, and maintain a data ecosystem that delivers actionable insights to make key business decisions. You have technical chops but can also work independently to prioritize issues, work within ambiguity, and manage conflicting deadlines. You are creative, data-driven, results-oriented, and eager to help us solve data problems of varying complexities.

Responsibilities
Develop technical solutions using proven techniques in data and analytics processes
Develop, prototype, and build frameworks based on open source and commercially available tools
Orchestrate and maintain data pipelines that meet security standards and ensure the integrity and quality of data
Demonstrate a passion for serving the needs of internal and external customers by enabling them with self-service reporting tools and analytics capabilities
Drive the execution of data initiatives that provide key performance metrics
Understand the data related challenges, nuances, and requirements to identify and recommend the optimal technical approach
Train and educate team members as well as stakeholders about best practices in data engineering and governance
Collaborate closely with the engineering and devops team to implement DataOps, thus reducing our analytics development cycle
Research and improve our data platform to ingest, process, transform, and distribute insightful data to our audience ranging from executives, analysts, and engineers to customers, vendors, and partners
Evangelize data driven culture by breaking down silos and encouraging data sharing
Qualifications
3+ years of hands-on experience in data engineering for a SaaS company or a mature startup
Proven experience working with various tools but more importantly, familiarity with how to best assemble and deploy production ready data stack to any cloud environment
BS in a quantitative or scientific field such as computer science, computer engineering or equivalent experience
Experience in applying agile software development approach - Git, CI/CD, Jira, etc - to data engineering
Familiar with SQL and other popular programming languages (such as Ruby, Python, .NET, etc)
Exceptional fluency with SQL; you conquered the join venn diagram long ago and have moved on to explaining cost based optimization to your peers on the engineering team
Some level of experience working in the cloud - AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience with ingesting, processing, and visualizing data sources of varying types - structured/relational and unstructured
Experience in developing, managing, and manipulating large, complex datasets
Data-driven, detail-oriented individual with excellent storytelling and problem-solving abilities
Ability to work independently and autonomously, as well as part of a team
Superb time management, prioritization of tasks and ability to meet deadlines with little supervision
Vision: To be the world's leading digital identity network empowering people to control their own information and to prove their credentials across all channels: online, call center, and in-person.

Mission: To make the world a more trusted place by delivering the highest level of security with the least amount of friction at the lowest possible cost.

People: We have an audacious mission. We aim to fix the identity layer of the internet. Billions of people will live better lives with more trust and convenience thanks to ID.me. We are like Special Forces. We take on the most difficult challenges with amazing teammates.

ID.me Core Values: *Don't be a jerk. *Always compete. *Ask questions like a 5-year old. *Inspire people with your passion. *Make something better every day. *Treat each customer like your favorite family member. *Own your mistakes so you can learn from them. *Details are everything. *Communicate like a scientist. *Be truthful (even when it's hard). *Reflect ID.me's values in your actions. *Act like an owner.

ID.me Career Site & Culture Deck: https://www.id.me/careers",3.2,"Id.me
3.2","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
147,Supply Chain Solution - Data Scientist,"$68k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*CURRENT EMPLOYEES :
Please click here to be redirected to the internal career site.
Job Description


The Supply Chain Solution – Data Scientist will be based in Austin, TX. In this role you will be responsible for creating reports using a variety of tools and methods.

We are looking for someone who demonstrates:
Intense collaboration
Passionate customer focus
Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
Relentless drive to win
Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do…
Use various analytical techniques including visualization, statistical methods, machine learning/AI to create scalable solutions for business problems
Translate Supply Chain business problems and questions into specific quantitative questions to be answered w/ available data using robust methodologies. In many cases, the data collection at scale will be part of the task and may involve co-work with software development team
Coordinate and perform testing on data quality and solutions
Analyze and extract relevant information from big data to help automate and optimize key processes
Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation
Research and implement novel machine learning and statistical approaches
Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings to stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information
Build scalable prototype analytics solutions
Work closely with software development/engineering teams to build model implementations and integrate successful models and algorithms in production systems at scale
Here is some of what you’ll need (required)…
Minimum 4 years’ experience with R
Demonstrated skill and experience of data analysis within open source scripting languages (e.g. R, Python)
Strong experience with SQL and working with relational databases (SQL Server, Teradata, MySQL etc.)
Strong demonstrated knowledge of applied statistical and machine learning methods
Experience with XML, JSON data formats, working with REST API’s, SVN/Git or other version control tools and techniques
Experience with Tableau in dashboard development, deployment and administration
Demonstrated ability to manage projects and implementation of solutions/applications
Effective written and oral communication skills, team player
Here are some nice to have’s…
Master’s degree in STEM field/Operations Research/Data Science/Supply Chain
Work experience in Supply Chain/Manufacturing
Be able to present quantitative results in the right context to various target audiences
Experience within the RStudio ecosystem (Shiny dashboards and applications, Plumber API’s, RStudio Connect)
Experience working with non-relational databases like MongoDB
Experience of deploying ML applications on platforms like Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google Cloud preferred
Demonstrated experience in business applications of distributed computing (e.g. MapReduce, HIVE, HADOOP)
Demonstrated capability in building scalable analytical solutions
Experience in ownership of solutions – life-cycle, roadmap, implementation, business value generation
Portfolio of data science projects on Github.com, RPubs.com etc.
Knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Demonstrated ability to communicate and influence executives and upper management
Here are a few examples of what you’ll get for the great work you provide…
Full range of medical benefits, dental, vision
Life Insurance
Matching 401K
PTO
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee discounts at local retailers
Job Category
Global Procurement & Supply Chain

Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accesibility@flextronics.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.

The information we collect:

We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy Notice.

If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:

Global Data Privacy Officer:

Email Address: chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com",3.8,"Flex
3.8","Austin, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
148,Data Scientist,"$84k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

As an early to mid-career Data Scientist, you might be wondering what makes MITRE different than other government contractors and consulting firms. Many of our recent hires answered YES to at least one of the questions below:
Are you interested in contributing to technical projects that you can feel passionate about?
Are you tired of having your performance tied to billable hours?
Do you want to work in the public interest?
Do you want to feel like your ideas are valued and you are more than just an FTE?
Are you interested in working for a company where a 40-hour week is the norm and not the exception?
Do you want exceptional benefits, including tuition reimbursement for coursework towards an advance degree in a technical discipline?
The Model-Based Analytics Department is seeking a motivated, creative Data Scientist for MITRE’s Mclean, VA or Bedford, MA locations to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to interact directly with government leaders in a fast-paced and dynamic atmosphere with the ability to make a difference and impact outcomes with solid analysis.

Our employees are expected to work on multiple projects, cross-pollinate good ideas across the government and continuously learn. We are truly an interdisciplinary department that thrives on having a large toolbox to support data- and model-driven decision making. We value people who can bring diverse perspectives.

Our department works to solve problems in the public interest, in partnership with the government. We also actively conduct independent research in areas of interest to our government partners. Once established with a proven track record of quality delivery and consistent performance, members of our department have latitude to select projects

To be successful you will:
Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.
Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.
Work with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.
Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.
Work on or lead projects throughout their life cycle, including conceptualization, requirements definition, data procurement, development, integration, and socialization.
Required Qualifications

Candidates will be required to have:
Ability to obtain a DoD Secret Clearance.
Significant academic background in a quantitative field such as Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, or Statistics.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations with at least one modern programming language like Python (utilizing packages like scikit-learn, pandas, or dask), SAS, R (utilizing packages like caret, dplyr, or data.table), Matlab, C++, or Java or a business intelligence platform like Tableau, Looker, or QlikView.
Experience visualizing multi-dimensional data using tools like Tableau, ggplot2, Plotly, matplotlib, seaborn, or D3.js.
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
Familiarity with working in cloud-based environments like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, or Microsoft Azure.
Demonstrated experience working on or leading customer facing engagements emphasizing data analytics.
Preferred Qualifications

Preference will be given to candidates with desired experience including:
Advanced degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or other related technical field of study.
Experience leading or conducting research.
Experience designing data science tasking and/or leading a team of data scientists.
Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines).
Prior experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j).
Experience using version control (e.g., Git, Mercurial, SVN) to support collaborative development.
Experience utilizing notebooks (e.g., Jupyter, R Markdown, Zepellin),
Prior experience developing interactive data visualizations using open source web technologies (e.g., Angular, Vue, React, D3.js) or other frameworks (e.g., Shiny, Plotly Dash).
Prior experience developing data-intensive full stack containerized web applications using Node.js, Flask, Django, or other technologies.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","Bedford, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
149,Aviation AI/ML Data Scientist,"$109k-$186k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system. The candidate will be responsible for working both individually and with a team of data scientists in the following tasks:
Performing anomaly detection and capability development using a variety of aviation safety data
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Demonstrable aerospace/aviation knowledge or experience, this is a must
Bachelor’s Degree in Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions
Excellent Communication Skills (with the ability to explain tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team
Preferred Qualifications:
5 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Mxnet, etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Azure, Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, D3, etc).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization, search (e.g. ELK Stack), entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintaining good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
