,Job Title,Salary Range,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Data Scientist,"$69k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Scientist in Diversity and Inclusion will be part of a team working on ground floor change that will continue to strengthen St. Judes culture and work environment. We are looking for someone who is very analytical, has strong critical thinking skills, and is a strong communicator. This position will be responsible for using data to unlock trends, build predictive analytics, and provide key insights that are critical for the success of St. Jude operations. Using the data and trends, the selected individual will be presenting charts, graphs, and presentations to St. Jude management teams. The individual will collaborate with other Data Scientists at St. Jude and members of the Diversity and Inclusion team to gain domain knowledge across all areas of the hospital. If this position excites you, please apply and we look forward to reviewing your application.

Perform all data pre-processing steps including but not limited to collecting data in collaboration with Data Engineers, data cleansing, normalization, feature selection and dimensionality reduction

Develop machine learning models or use stochastic models

Document all technical and business aspects associated with each project
Master's degree in Statistics/Mathematics/Business Analytics or related fields is required
Four (4) years of experience in data analytics/reporting required, with at least two (2) of those years of experience in exclusive data science role
Two (2) years in a data scientist role required with a doctoral degree (PhD)
Must possess implementation experience of data science solutions using R/Python/Scala, Matlab, RapidMiner, SAS, Spark, Excel or related technologies
Clinical/Health Care domain experience preferred
Strong background in statistical analysis and root cause analysis is preferred
Strong verbal and written communication skills is preferred
R/Python/Data Scientist/other related certifications preferred
St. Jude is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:


St. Jude Children's Research Hospital does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at St. Jude via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by St. Jude.",4.7,"St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
4.7","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1962,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
1,Data Scientist,"$72k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Data Scientist, you will have the unique opportunity to work on a program developing target models and advancing state-of-the-art modeling and prediction capabilities. This program will develop and train machine learning models to detect and discern features in scenes and develop an adversarial patch framework to defeat the trained classifiers.
Our delivery teams are driven to explore new ideas and technology, and care deeply about collaboration, feedback, and iteration. We follow SAFe agile practices, embrace the Ops ethos(DataOps/DevSecOps/MLOps) to “automate-first”, use modern tech stacks, and constantly challenge each other to grow and improve.
If cutting edge data science projects resonate with you and you care deeply about joining a mission-driven company with a strong growth direction and diverse culture, we'd love to learn more about you. Check out the details below, and let’s connect.

Technical members of our solutions teams require little guidance, but love to learn, collaborate, and problem solve. This position requires a mid to senior level of experience, a passion for mission support, and a strong desire to solve our customers’ hardest technical and data challenges.
The Data Scientist will be responsible for the following:
Develop, train and evaluate Machine Learning models
Develop strategies for data augmentation and synthetic data
Utilize models to detect and classify targets within scenes
Develop adversarial attacks to defeat trained classifiers

Requirements:
TS/SCI clearance required
5+ years of related experience
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, Tensorflow or MXNet
Prior experience with the Intelligence Community and methodological experience in some of the following areas
Relationships and discovery (correlating, enriching, and prioritizing target data)
Situational awareness (unifying data into a single context, allowing the current situation to be accurately and quickly understood)
Systems modeling (building a computational analog of real-world-system to understand how it operates, what it is capable of, and how it can be fooled)
We're looking for a motivated Data Scientist eager to advance not only your professional career, but also the missions of our Intelligence and Defense communities. At NT Concepts, you'll be able to:
Meaningfully impact the company's growth, and share in the rewards accordingly
Develop your own career path through our What’s Next program, which emphasizes personal growth through training and certification
Work on programs of importance that directly impact National Security and the world
Work in a fun, “challenging yet rewarding” fast-paced environment
#CJ
#JT",3.6,"NT Concepts
3.6","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
2,(Sr.) Data Scientist -,-1,"Thursday, June 11, 2020

Merrick Bank is a top-25 credit card issuer and merchant acquirer in the VISA/MasterCard networks, and a major recreational vehicle lender.
The Bank is a Utah Financial Institution and a member of the FDIC.

At Merrick Bank, we specialize in credit programs that assist people looking to build or rebuild their credit. We are FDIC insured and recognized as a top-20 issuer of Visa® cards. In total, we proudly serve over 2.4 million cardholders and have extended over $5.3 billion in credit.

Our Mission is to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers, our employees, and our community. We work hard to create a work environment that empowers our associates to grow, learn, and reach their potential.

This position is a member (or, a senior member, depending upon qualifications) of the Data Science and Modeling team, and will support and work with other members of the team to produce the models, reports, and analysis as required for the bank. Data science, machine learning and statistical programming are the core competencies of the position, but in addition, the applicant should work well with others, have a desire to learn, be self-motivated, and have excellent communication and presentation skills.

REQUIRED SKILLS, ABILITIES, KNOWLEDGE, AND EXPERIENCE:
Master's degree in a relevant quantitative field, or a bachelor’s degree with a significant amount of relevant work experience.
Firm knowledge of statistical theory, data science, or machine learning algorithms is a requirement.
Expertise with R or Python is required.
Experience with any of the following computer languages is also desirable: CUDA, FORTRAN or C/C++, SAS, SQL, Unix shell scripting, or LaTeX.
Experience with HPC (High Performance Computing), or Parallel Computing would be a plus. Experience with SLURM would be outstanding.
Experience in the banking industry, specifically in credit cards, is not necessary, but would be desirable.


PRIMARY DUTIES:
Statistical programming, model development and implementation.
Communicating results, both verbally and in writing.
Work both individually and in a collaborative manner with a team.
Designing, validating, and improving data driven decision making processes and strategies.
Building key metrics and modeling reports for communication with executives.
Compliant with Laws & Regulations.

What’s in it for you:

Competitive salary (DOE)

Benefits package -Medical, Dental and Vision (plus much more)

401(k) Plan with Company Match

Short & Long Term Disability

Group Life and AD&D Insurance

Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days

Employee Events, including Employee Appreciation Day, Holiday Party, etc.

Tuition Reimbursement Program
Candidates must have unrestricted authority to work in the
United States without sponsorship.

Merrick Bank is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability,
veteran status, and other legally protected characteristic. The EEO is the
Law poster is available here: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm

Please go to our website www.merrickbank.com to apply and learn more about our company

We are an equal opportunity employer. Merrick Bank will do a thorough background check for all hires. This includes a review of your personal credit history, drug testing, background check, and employment/personal references. A good credit history is important.

Other details
Job Family
Account Acquisition & Data Science
Pay Type
Salary",3.5,"Merrick Bank
3.5",Utah,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
3,Data Analyst,"$50k-$88k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Rational is growing, and we need amazing talent to join our team. If you have an entrepreneurial attitude with a deep spirit of service and killer subject expertise, we want to talk to you. We are always looking for the next great consultant to raise the bar and push Rational to be better than we were yesterday. Staying hungry, curious, and looking forward to what’s next is part of our DNA.

This Data Analyst will be part of Rational's Technology & Data Practice and supporting one of our large biotech projects. This individual will provide strategic and tactical consultation, leadership in delivering solutions, and oversight of processes and systems.  The position requires solid technical foundation, domain knowledge, as well as strong verbal and written communication skills with a proven ability to clearly communicate technical information to a non-technical audience.

This is a full time position within Rational's Technology Practice. This position is not available for Visa sponsorship or C2C work.

What you will do:
Serve as the Business Analyst subject matter expert supporting, but not limited to Commercial portfolio
Network with a new and evolving IT environment, business team, and vendors to foster strong relationships and build partnerships
Understand strategy and how it translates to executable programs, projects, and efforts that align with strategic goals while taking the environmental constraints and opportunities into account
Collaborate with cross-functional professionals to deliver high-quality and innovative solutions that meet the business needs and create new opportunities
Provide analytic support of various levels of complexity including large, multi-year, cross-functional efforts with internal and external influencing factors
Negotiate conflicts and complex issues to an expeditious and satisfactory resolution
What you will bring:
3+ years of exposure to the orchestrating technology solutions for technical and/or Biotechnology or Pharmaceutical organizations
3+ years of experience in the Business Analysis or equivalent role with solution delivery and process improvement supporting cross-functional implementation of IT solutions in the Biotechnology or Pharmaceutical industry
3+ years of experience in organization financials, financial reporting
Familiarity with applications used in the business area such as Salesforce and Veeva
Working experience in SQL Server and Snowflake (preferred, but not required)
Proven knowledge of IT solutions and application management through various product cycles and evolving work environments
Demonstrated technical understanding of application architecture to include application servers, web servers, configuration files, relational databases, and reporting applications
Ability to proactively plan, organize, deliver with limited oversight, prioritize, and quickly adapt to changing situations
Excellent communication skills, including the ability to interface and influence internal and external partners at multiple organization levels
Strong interpersonal and negotiation skills, with a high degree of self-motivation and ability to work independently
Proficient in essential tools such as Power BI, Smartsheets, PowerPoint, Visio, etc.
Who you are:
Data Lover. You know your numbers and value the metrics behind the buyer story.
Collaborative to the Core. Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment, as a leader and member.
Well-rounded Professional. You have amazing communication and organizational skills along with high EQ.
Proactive. You are always thinking ahead about what is best for the Client.
Adaptable. Change happens at lightning speed; you are flexible, enjoy challenge, and get behind new ideas
Rational is a customer experience (CX) solutions firm that pairs the capabilities of a strategic consultancy with the creativity of a full-service digital agency. We design and activate compelling experiences that create strong connections between people and brands. We put humans at the center of business and partner with our clients to deliver meaningful experiences that help their customers while driving business success. Customer satisfaction at every level is our ultimate metric, and it's what drives our mindset, skillset, and company culture.

Incredible people are our non-negotiable. Our experienced team of consultants spans the globe. We love what we do, and who we do it with – let’s begin our next chapter together.

Rational is committed to ensuring all candidates have an equal opportunity to be considered for employment. Please let us know if you need any reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process.",2.7,"Rational
2.7","Redmond, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
4,Data Analyst,"$59k-$73k
(Employer Est.)","Data Analyst

Job Details
Job Location
Yakima - Yakima, WA
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
Bachelor's degree
Salary Range
$58,900.00 - $73,600.00 Salary/year
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Information Technology
Description
Who is Comprehensive Healthcare?
Comprehensive Healthcare provides innovative behavioral health and integrated healthcare services to clients of all ages. We take pride in our creative and collaborative work environment and in delivering clinically excellent, trauma-informed, recovery-oriented services.

What are we looking for in a Data Analyst?
As a member of the Information Services department, the Data Analyst supports Comprehensive’s technology and business initiatives by coordinating the collection, storage, and utilization of essential data. This position will work closely with leadership and other staff to determine data needs for specific projects or ad hoc requests, and then gather, interpret, and present the information to the team. The work of the Data Analyst will impact day-to-day clinic operations as well as business decisions, so a high degree of accuracy, thoroughness, and timeliness are essential. Previous experience performing data analytics in the healthcare field is required. The Data Analyst will work on-site in our Yakima office.

Data Analyst duties may include:
integrating data from internal & external sources and performing extract, transform, and load operations to data in various applications
analyzing data to identify and interpret patterns or trends in data sets
performing data audits to identify problem areas & implementing strategies to optimize data integrity and process improvements
assisting with the design & implementation of database warehouse structure and developing standards for the design of data elements
supporting the implementation, testing, and validation of data & software systems
assisting with ongoing data architecture processes & governance
providing Tier II technical support to employees
documenting all work as it is completed
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data analytics, or related field
Three years of experience with data analysis within the healthcare industry
What Comprehensive Healthcare Can Offer You
Training and Development
A variety of career opportunities in a wide range of settings with room for mobility and promotion
Regular training opportunities including support, supervision, and consultation in implementing evidence-based services and programs
Innovative Program & Services
A strong reputation for providing quality, evidence-based services within a collaborative multi-disciplinary team environment
Innovative, forward-looking leadership that seeks to thrive in an ever-changing healthcare environment
Joint Commission-accredited organization committed to continuous quality improvement
Established partnerships with major research universities and other community and healthcare providers to implement cutting-edge treatment programs and services
Excellent Benefits
Competitive salaries within our communities and industry
Healthcare coverage for employee and qualified family members
Generous vacation, paid holiday and sick leave policies
Access to Employee Assistance Program services
Agency-funded retirement plan with contributions equal to 5% of compensation
Additional retirement investment opportunities with a 50% investment match of up to 4% of compensation
Agency-funded life and disability insurance program
Equal Opportunity Employer
Comprehensive Healthcare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law. We value the diverse perspectives and strengths that our employees bring to the workplace and we encourage individuals from underrepresented groups to apply for our positions. The Human Resources department offers accommodations and assistance for the application and interview process; please contact us at (509) 575-4084 to make arrangements.",3.3,"Comprehensive Healthcare
3.3","Yakima, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1971,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
5,Data Scientist,-1,"COMPANY

AccuWeather, recognized and documented as the most accurate source of weather forecasts and warnings in the world, has saved tens of thousands of lives, prevented hundreds of thousands of injuries and tens of billions of dollars in property damage. With global headquarters in State College, PA and other offices around the world, AccuWeather serves more than 1.5 billion people daily to help them plan their lives and get more out of their day through innovative digital media properties, such as AccuWeather.com and mobile, as well as Business Solutions (AFB), radio, television, newspapers, and the 24/7 AccuWeather Network.

Additionally, AccuWeather produces and distributes news, weather content, and video for more than 180,000 third-party websites. Among AccuWeather's many innovative and award-winning features free to the public are MinuteCast® Minute by Minute™ forecasts with Superior Accuracy™. Further, AccuWeather serves more than half of Fortune 500 companies and thousands of businesses globally.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with multiple data formats, databases, and storage technologies to perform comprehensive analysis and report findings.
Partner with different departments to determine needs, scope solutions, and communicate findings to non-technical audiences.
Independently perform data cleaning, merging, analysis, and visualization including predictive analytics, statistical modeling, and machine learning.
Visualize and communicate results.
Engage in cloud-based development & implementation of machine learning.
Explore, test, and implement methods that perform machine learning techniques that will leverage some of the largest datasets on the planet.
Design and build technology that supports continuous improvements in machine learning driven forecasting systems.
Support AccuWeather labs innovation efforts.
Keep abreast with best practices and trends.
QUALIFICATIONS:
B.S. or M.S. (preferred) in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Meteorology or a similar, relevant field.
Experience working with and deploying projects in a cloud infrastructure.
Experience accessing and working with scientific data sets.
Familiarity working with large datasets leveraging technology that may include BigQuery, AWS Athena, Tableau, and/or Power BI
Analyzing data through R and/or Python
Familiarity with one or more RTB ad management & DSP & SSP platforms
Deep mathematical and technical understanding of many AI methodologies.
Excellent organizational and time management skills.
Desire and interest in keeping up to date on what is and what is new in data science.
AccuWeather is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity to all applicants and existing employees and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity/expression), sexual orientation, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, marital status, political affiliation, religion, citizenship status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. View the EEO is the Law poster here and its supplement here. The pay transparency policy is available here.

AccuWeather is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to human.resources@accuweather.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.",3.7,"AccuWeather
3.7",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1962,Company - Private,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
6,Senior Data Scientist,-1,"Chat with a recruiter today! Follow this link: https://flashrecruit.com/jobs/50818747

Job Overview:
Our client will be hiring a Senior Data Scientist with deep technical capability and energy storage or renewable energy industry experience. Python and SQL coding skills are required.

Report to the Sr. Director of Product Management. Assist with developing, refining, and advancing energy storage technology for use in the next generation of the grid.

***We are unable to work with 3rd-party or C2C candidates for this role***

Responsibilities
Model and algorithm development
Work with Product to help prototype new analytics and optimization offerings
Conduct deep dive analyses of product challenges and opportunities; formulate conclusions and recommendations to be presented to senior leadership
Produce written recommendations and insights for key stakeholders that will help shape effective metric development and reporting
Simplify and automate reporting, audits, and other data-driven activities; build solutions to have maximum scale and self-service ability by stakeholders
Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, analysis, and documentation
Support business with time-critical tactical data analyses

Qualifications
5+ years of experience in predictive analytics or data science.
1 year of Energy storage or renewable energy industry experience.
2 years of experience with relational databases - e.g. SQL, Redshift, Data Warehouse, etc.
1 year of experience programming in Python.
An ability to thrive in a highly ambiguous, fast-paced and rapidly changing environment
Chat with a recruiter today! Follow this link: https://flashrecruit.com/jobs/50818747",-1,Tech Talent Link,"Tualatin, OR",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
7,Data Scientist,-1,"About Us

Mindoula is a next-generation behavioral health management company that delivers tech-enabled, team-based 24/7/365 behavioral health support across the continuum of care. We are building the best population health management and analytics platform by using the latest technologies in big data and data science. Also, we are developing a comprehensive platform to address the needs of pre and post hospital care for large populations.

We are currently seeking to fill in multiple roles in technology and data to help build great technology helping Mindoula to grow faster.

About You

We are looking for a talented data scientist who has a great passion for solving business problems by providing data insights through data modeling and analysis. You will work with senior leadership and data/technology teams to understand and solve complex business problems by developing data models and various techniques to analyze the health populations.

Responsibilities:
Derive insights from data analysis and modeling using multiple datasets, derived from the company platform, data provided by our customers etc.
Develop a comprehensive profile of the patient/member using the data available.
Apply statistical techniques to understand health data and analyze outcomes.
Apply data science algorithms and techniques to understand the member profile and prepare the data such that these insights help the care management team in addressing needs of our customers and members.
Be part of the data team, collaborate with product and engineering teams in developing the data required to support the functionality and new features of our platforms.
Must be self-driven and a quick learner.
Requires strong problem-solving, analytical and communication skills.
Healthcare data experience (claims, groupers) is a plus.
Technologies:
Data science: Analysis/Machine learning/AI algorithms and modeling.
Data Platforms: Spark, Python/Scala.
Strong SQL experience.
Databases: Postgres, Microsoft SQL Server
Hosting: Microsoft Azure
Tools: Github, CircleCI, CodeClimate
Requirements:
Minimum 3 years of experience in position
Healthcare experience with managing claims data
Compensation:
Competitive salary.
Generous benefits
This position is open to both as an employee or as a contractor/consultant.",3.8,"Mindoula Health Inc
3.8",Maryland,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
8,Data Scientist,"$80k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Brief

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Overview

IFG Companies is in search of a Data Scientist to join its growing Predictive Modeling team.

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Responsibilities
Build predictive and/or Machine Learning models in SAS
Research new statistical and mathematical techniques that are suitable and helpful for solving business related problems
Prepare data for modelling and make best/creative use of applicable and available internal or external data
Identifying and integrating new datasets that can be leveraged for modeling efforts
Support related processes around effectively deploying model to business
Effectively communicate results in written, oral and presentation formats to technical and non-technical audiences
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, applied mathematics, or related discipline
3+ years of Data Modeling or similar experience.
Experience with predictive modeling (classification, regression, parameter tuning, optimization criteria, feature selection), preferably with multiple techniques
Experience in model validation techniques, model testing and continuous monitoring of model performance
Experience in Property & Casualty Insurance is strongly preferred.
Demonstrated experience working with large relational data sets.
Working knowledge in SAS, R, Python or another platform to develop and implement predictive models.
Ability and willingness to quickly gain knowledge of SAS enterprise guide and enterprise miner.
Ability to communicate complex technical information in common language to foster teaching and analytics guidance to internal customers.
Advanced experience in analytics, data cleaning, and predictive modeling.
Ability to write queries in SQL.
Detail-oriented and ability to work collaboratively
Physical Demands
Physical demands are considered to be that of an office environment, climate controlled, with minimal physical exertion. This position requires prolonged sitting, ability to utilize a computer and interactions with others in meetings or via phone.
Benefits
We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401(k), flexible spending, short-term and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, long-term care, education assistance and paid time off.
IFG Companies is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. M/F/D/V",2.7,"IFG Companies
2.7","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1985,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
9,Data Scientist,"$77k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Every Analyst a Scientist - One of our primary goals is to empower intelligence analysts to be able to study their data like scientists. The tools we develop focus on streamlining intelligence analysis through integrated algorithms and software that provide insight into the geopolitical landscape for use in operational intelligence missions around the world.

The Role:

As a Data Scientist, you will live by our motto that “Data is Destiny.” You will work with a diverse collection of massive datasets, including social media, structured and unstructured text, geospatial, time series, and imagery data. You will design, test, and validate statistical tests and machine learning models in support of cutting-edge problems in the national security space. Your expertise as a data scientist will aid a diverse team of researchers to build state-of-the-art tools and technologies that are deployed to extract and enrich intelligence used by analysts.

If you would like to help intelligence and defense analysts keep pace with technology-driven innovation, then this role is for you!

Who you are:
A U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain a Security Clearance
A degree in a scientific field such as Statistics, Mathematics, or Computer Science
Experience in statistical modeling including performance evaluation and uncertainty quantification
Proficiency with a scientific programming language, preferably Python, and familiarity with Numpy, Pandas, and/or Scikit-learn packages
Experience in grooming sparse, incomplete, and noisy datasets
Motivated collaborator who is an excellent communicator of ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences
Even better:
Active Clearance
MS or PhD in a scientific field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Data Science or 2+ years of relevant work experience
Familiarity with handling and analyzing data at scale, for example using Hadoop, Dask, Spark, and MapReduce
Working knowledge of data store tools such as SQL and Elasticsearch, and experience interacting with databases
Experience with deep learning and neural network training, testing, and evaluation with fluency in Tensorflow or PyTorch
Specialized expertise in a data-rich field such as time-series analysis, graph analytics, geospatial analysis, image processing, or Bayesian programming",4.5,"Systems & Technology Research
4.5","Woburn, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
10,FCC Data Scientist,"$73k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number:
4199

Job Title:
FCC Data Scientist

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
Summary: The FCC Analytics group is responsible for the development and management of the BSA/AML, Fraud and Quality Control analytics functions. The group tunes the financial crimes models dedicated to the detection of suspicious activity and fraudulent transactions as well as those designed to risk rate customers and screen against OFAC designated lists. Additionally, the group manages application related implementations, maintenance and enhancements and the development of reporting and visual analytics used for investigations, KPI tracking, quarterly reporting and annual risk assessments.

The primary purpose of this position is to assist with the management of the Fraud and BSA/AML models related to transaction monitoring, customer risk rating, OFAC fuzzy logic filtering, and transactional fraud mitigation strategies. The individual that fulfills this position must understand the general dynamics of model risk management as set forth by OCC guidelines. Furthermore, the candidate must also have experience with SQL, quantitative stat based analytics (such as standard deviation, percentile distributions, k-means, clustering, etc.), model forecasting and reporting analytics (including visual and flowchart modeling) amongst other skill sets around management of information systems. Requires basic commercial awareness.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: While other duties and special projects may be assigned, the primary duties and responsibilities include the following:
Conduct assessments of models and provide reports detailing the current state of data feeds, rule output at current settings, and alert outputs at alternative settings.
Utilize Oracle SQL to the extent of simulating model output.
Identify potential logic deficiencies in model outputs through cross validation of external analyses
Assist with the identification, evaluation, and development of controls to mitigate FCC risk and operational impacts.
Research, develop, prototype and test new models and their related inputs.
Assist with annual FCC model tuning and optimization efforts in line with regulatory expectations to meet false-positive and detection rate criteria; performs quantitative analysis on the alert output of each tuning cycle (able to prepare reports detailing forecast results).
Perform model management reviews for the ongoing assessment of model suitability against emerging risk.
Assist with data integrity and validation testing on FCC projects including software implementations, operational enhancements related to efficiency gains, and other special projects as needed including the coordination of software updates in collaboration with the Bank's IT Department and or Project Management Office.
Support manager with resolving of open issues and/or defects involving applications used by the FCC Department including the identification of issues, tracking, escalation, testing, and resolution.
Maintain business definitions in the form of a data dictionary for all department managed models.
Prepare reports in a manner that is clear and comprehensible to FCC supervisors/managers, internal auditors and regulatory examiners.
Communicate production issues with key stakeholders such as business lines, FCC management team, and the IT Department.
Create documentation and provide technical training to business users as needed (this includes training post model tuning deployments and on new enhancements).
If necessary, effectively communicate with the business lines in order to obtain the necessary information and documentation to complete model improvements.
Handle a large workload with the ability to complete the tasks correctly and efficiently within the designated timeframes exercising discretion in setting priorities.
Communicate effectively to different audiences, including both business and technical parties.
Possess a general understanding of banking with respect to BSA/AML and Fraud risks.
Perform any other assignments as directed by manager.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems or related field.
At least 3 years working with data modeling, software implementation, enhanced reporting analytics or related experience preferably with a financial institution.
Advanced experience with data mining/analytical tools such as R and Python
Strong knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL), Oracle programming language, data mining techniques, and Business Intelligence Tools
Strong database skills, including working with advanced data sets, pivot tables, advanced database and statistical functions and methods
Experience visualizing data using tools such as Tableau
Experience with developing and implementing Fraud and BSA/AML risk strategies in decision engines, detection tools and onboarding platforms.",3.1,"BankUnited
3.1","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
11,Biological Data Scientist,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311168

Directorate: Earth and Biological Sciences Directorate

Division: Biological Sciences

Group: Biological Systems Science
*Job Description**
The new Computational Biology Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a senior data scientist to join our team to execute on existing projects as well as lead in the development of new research proposals. Expertise in statistics, analysis of omic data, biomarker discovery, software development, proposal development and working in multidisciplinary teams are highly relevant.

The data scientist will contribute to diverse fundamental science research programs studying human health problems such as cancer and infectious diseases as well as microbial communities and environmental microbiology. The candidate will be responsible for data analysis from various high-throughput omics platforms, such as DNA/RNA sequence data, proteomics and metabolomics. The position involves technical work with complex multi-omics data from ongoing studies, focusing on application of methods for analysis, data integration, and machine learning. The incumbent will define and carry out the application of existing methodologies, as well as perform original research in the field of computational biology as needed to extract meaning from complex biological data. In addition to technical research, this position expects participation in publishing, project leadership, and business development.

The ideal candidate should have a strong statistics and programming skills with knowledge of fundamental basic biology. The candidate should have good communication skills with a demonstrated capability to perform multi-disciplinary, collaborative research. The candidate should also have an interest in applying new approaches and knowledge to science problems associated with human health, bioenergy, and carbon cycling. The candidate should be highly proficient in at least on programming language (Python, R, e.g.) and have experience in software development practices (version control, unit testing, etc.).
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ BS/BA with 5 years of experience, MS/MA with 3 years of experience, or PhD with 1 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ MS/MA or PhD in statistics, biostatistics, bioinformatics or a closely related field.

+ Significant experience with software development tools (GitHub) and Python or R development experience

+ Demonstrated ability to collaborate within and across institutions
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Closing Statement**
+ U.S. Citizenship

_Directorate:_ _Earth & Biological Sciences_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Biological Systems Science_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-04_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-14_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
12,Data Analyst,"$48k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description/Responsibilities


Position Summary:Nutrisystem is seeking a Marketing Data Analyst to join its growing Analytics community. This role will develop, manage, and deliver analytical solutions to solve complex business challenges. The Marketing Data Analyst will closely interact with online and offline Marketing, Product Development, Call Center Sales, Retail and Finance to influence key business decisions through fact-driven insights. The ideal candidate will possess excellent analytical and communication skills and have a history of thriving in fast- paced business environments.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

• Develop queries and performs extensive programming to access, transform and prepare data for analysis, ad-hoc and automated reporting and modeling. Create visualizations for variety of projects.

• Support ad-hoc analysis, discussions and conclusions around the efficacy of marketing channels to drive revenue per customer, length of stay and lifetime value.

• Analyze data to describe customer behavior and preferences, understand marketing channel effectiveness, diagnose customer experience problems, size marketing opportunity and measure the impact of marketing initiatives.

• Prepare and deliver insight presentations and recommendations. Communicates complex material in digestible terms appropriate for each audience. Educate company executives and the broader marketing team on analytical findings and implications using storytelling and data visualization techniques.

• Design analytic plans, translating business problems/opportunities into analytic approaches. Engage with project sponsors and stakeholders to understand each business question. Probe for hidden questions and goals. Bring structure to each request and translate requirements into the appropriate analytic approach.

• Participate in special projects and performs other duties as required.

Qualifications


• Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Analytics, Operations Research, Information Technology, Computer Science or other quantitative field required. Master’s degree preferred.• Must have minimum of five (5) years of experience working in an analytical role with a history of taking on additional responsibilities with data analysis, measurement reporting

• Must have five (5) years of experience with SQL programming

• Must have minimum of three (3) years of experience working with relational databases and associated data query tools. Experience with cloud databases a plus (e.g. AWS Redshift, Google BigQuery, Snowflake).

• Must have proficiency in data visualization and report writing technologies using at least one of the following Business Intelligence tools Tableau, Power BI, QLIK or SAS. Knowledge of Looker preferred.

• Domain experience in marketing analytics: customer acquisition, digital marketing, response modeling, identifying customer needs, predicting customer behavior, next best offer, churn, customer lifetime value preferred

• Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy

• Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience presenting to senior executives distilling complex concepts into actionable recommendations

• Advanced Microsoft Excel skills including pivot tables, data manipulation and analysis

• Ability to work in a team-oriented environment.

About Tivity Health:

Tivity Health® (Nasdaq: TVTY) is a leading provider of healthy life-changing solutions, including SilverSneakers®, Nutrisystem®, Prime® Fitness, Wisely Well™, South Beach Diet® and WholeHealth Living®. We are actively addressing the social determinants of health, defined as the conditions in which we work, live and play. From improving health outcomes to reversing the narrative on inactivity, food insecurity, social isolation and loneliness, we are making a difference and are transforming the way we do health. Learn more at TivityHealth.com.

Tivity Health is an equal employment opportunity employer and is committed to a proactive program of diversity development. Tivity Health will continue to recruit, hire, train, and promote into all job levels without regard to race, religion, gender, marital status, familial status, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, source of income, or veteran status.",3.1,"Tivity Health
3.1","Fort Washington, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1981,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
13,Data Scientist BSLEF8,"$57k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings require the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel. Further, effective “big data” solutions help CBP ensure the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure.
In response to this challenge, E3/Sentinel, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified, and versatile data scientists to help lead the development and delivery of high-quality predictive modelling solutions. Successful applicants will serve as recognized subject matter experts in the application of quantitative methods, machine learning algorithms, and predictive models to address complex national and homeland security challenges. They will help our team to leverage large structured and unstructured datasets to develop and operationalize models, tools, and applications that drive optimized decision making. Project tasks include data collection, mining, data and text analytics, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution to implement and enhance automated risk assessment. The products we develop provide actionable insight with real and immediate impact on the safety and security of the United States, its citizens, visitors, and economy.

Lead and perform hands-on analysis and modeling involving the creation of intervention hypotheses and experiments, assessment of data needs and available sources, determination of optimal analytical approaches, performance of exploratory data analysis, and feature generation (e.g., identification, derivation, aggregation).
Collaborate with mission stakeholders to define, frame, and scope mission challenges where big data interventions may offer important mitigations and develop robust project plans with key milestones, detailed deliverables, robust work tracking protocols, and risk mitigation strategies.
Demonstrate proficiency in extracting, cleaning, and transforming CBP transactional and mission data associated within an identified problem space to build predictive models as well as develop appropriate supporting documentation.
Leverage expert knowledge of a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques and methods to define and develop programming algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models that directly inform mission decisions.
Execute projects including those intended to identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets; perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction; and named entity matching.
Brief project management, technical design, and outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences including senior government stakeholders throughout the model development/ project lifecycle through written as well as in-person reporting.

Bachelor’s Degree (required), Master’s or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, or other related technical fields with equivalent practical experience
Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems.
Proficiency with statistical software packages: SAS, SPSS Modeler, R, WEKA, or equivalent.
Experience with programming languages: R, Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or equivalent.
Experience constructing and executing queries to extract data in support of EDA and model development.
Experience with unsupervised and supervised machine learning techniques and methods.
Experience working with large-scale (e.g., terabyte and petabyte) unstructured and structured data sets and databases.
Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop, HIVE, HDFS, HBase, MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, Sqoop).
Proficiency with Unsupervised Machine Learning methods including Cluster Analysis (e.g., K-means, K-nearest Neighbor, Hierarchical, Deep Belief Networks, Principal Component Analysis), Segmentation, etc.
Proficiency with Supervised Machine Learning methods including Decision Trees, Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Random/Rotation Forests, Categorization/Classification, Neural Nets, Bayesian Networks, etc.
Experience with pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification, categorization, and entity resolution (e.g., record linking, named-entity matching, deduplication/ disambiguation).
Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI).

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
14,Data Scientist,"$80k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Data Scientist will partner with stakeholders from various business functions to identify data science opportunities, have the knowledge, experience and technical skills to leverage internal and external data, and apply the right machine learning/big data technologies to turn such data into valuable insights and solutions for the company. The candidate will be tasked with gathering and integrating large volumes of data to develop complex predictive / machine learning models to drive actionable results and insights especially in the areas of fraud / anomaly detection, claims automation / self service and general efficiency opportunities. This is a highly visible and impactful role where the Data Scientist will interact with the senior and executive level management and have the opportunity to influence what we do and how we do it through data science.

Responsibilities:
Create a collaborative and effective working relationship with functional leaders to understand business problems, identify opportunities / use cases to improve the performance of our businesses
Lead / Contribute to the development of actionable solutions. This includes all aspects of the solution development including problem and goal definition, defining a plan for:
Sampling of the data and conducting experiments
Data extraction
Ingestion and processing (outlier and missing data handling)
Exploratory data analysis
Feature engineering (weight of evidence, label encoding, label count encoding, target encoding, time-series, polynomial interactions, binning, outlier handling)
Feature selection (forward, backwards, information value)
Hyperparameter optimization of machine learning models
Experiment tracking for A/B testing and reproducibility, model evaluation, model interpretability, results communication and deployment
Contribute to the adoption and better understanding across the company of data science best practices and tools and stay up to date regarding new knowledge and developments in this domain
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Core skills in Computer Science: Data Structures, Algorithms, Programming Paradigms and Relational Databases
Deep working experience applying statistics and machine learning techniques to real-world problems and data and deploying models to production
Hands-on experience with SQL and tools to access databases
Expertise in Python and R
Expertise with open source data mining/machine learning/big data programming libraries, models and frameworks (e.g. Pandas, Scikit-Learn, H2O, TSFresh, FeatureTools, MLflow, Shap, Microsoft Interpret, Tensorflow, Statsmodels, Pandas-Profiling, Seaborn, Plotly, Spark, Koalas)
Working experience with cloud computing services such as Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Excellent presentation skills to non-technical Associates communicating complex concepts in terms the audience can understand through understandable language, tables and visualizations
When evaluating the candidate, special attention will be paid to the following competencies:
Intellectual Curiosity and Critical Thinking, necessary to analyze a problem from multiple perspectives and examine the interrelationships between data that may appear superficially unrelated
Autonomous, to own projects end-to-end; ability to work on the entire stack without being dependent on other team members
Focus, to design and test a technique over days and weeks, find it doesn’t work, learn from the failure, and try again
Creativity, to invent and try new approaches to solving a problem
Attention to Detail, in order to maintain rigor and to detect and avoid over-reliance on intuition when examining data
Clear and concise written and oral communication, in order to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear and precise manner
Interpersonal skills, necessary to build good working relationships and work as part of a team
PhD or Masters in Computer Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Math or a related discipline or equivalent skill set",4.0,"JM&A Group
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
15,Data Scientist,"$56k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Sartorius Stedim Data Analytics, a market leader in advanced analytics and provider of Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions, is on a strong growth path driving new innovative solutions in the field. It currently has an outstanding opportunity for a Data Scientist to drive customer applications, support the Sartorius sales teams and feedback customer needs into the development of new solutions. The incumbent for this key role will have a strong customer focus to help secure innovation and growth from both new and existing customers.

What you can look forward to
Assisting customers in solving business related problems using advanced data analysis and data driven technologies
Supporting implementation of advanced analytics in industry
Analyzing large amounts of data and building data driven models
Initiating, leading and driving customer projects
Training customers on the use of our software
Supporting sales (pre/post)
Supporting marketing & development
Performing regular follow up with customers to track satisfaction, secure project momentum and discover additional opportunities
Creating technical documents
Attending and presenting at conferences, seminars and forums
Developing & cultivating strong relationships with external and internal stakeholders
Being part of a team of data scientists
Skills and experience
Minimum of a bachelor's degree (master’s degree preferred) in a relevant field (engineering, life sciences, informatics, automation/control, etc.)
Minimum two years’ work experience within Biopharma or Pharma
Minimum two years’ working knowledge of applied statistics including MVDA, DOE, MSPC, PAT, QbD, Model Predictive Control (MPC), MMPC, AI/Machine learning
Strong bioprocess knowledge preferred
Familiarity with Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions preferred (MODDE, SIMCA, SIMCA-online, Control Advisor, Active Dashboard)
Working knowledge of prescriptive analytics a plus
Working knowledge of Python scripting preferred
Working knowledge of MATLAB, data historians and control strategies a plus
Teaching, consulting and project management experience a plus
Excellent communications skills, strong presentation skills
Comfortable working independently
Comfortable working from home office, willingness to travel (~25%)
Strong identification with Sartorius core values: sustainability, openness, enjoyment
Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organization suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognized for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin. We are also an equal opportunity employer of individuals with disabilities and protected veterans.

Please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by OFCCP here

E-Verify Participation Info

E-Verify Workers Rights

Interested? Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organisation suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognised for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

To find out more about Sartorius as an employer visit us on Sartorius Careers

Become part of our global team.",3.6,"Sartorius
3.6","Albuquerque, NM",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1870,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
16,Data Analyst,"$29k-$38k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Smith is an entrepreneurial company with global reach, a casual environment, and limitless paths for success. For over 35 years, we’ve offered a place for driven, creative people to set and achieve ambitious goals in sales, procurement, and our supporting departments.

Opportunities await around the world. If you’re curious to see how you can help Smith grow while pursuing the next step in your own growth and development, apply today.

This Data Analyst will be responsible for data mining and building mining data tables, along with researching external methods, processes and software to provide business solutions tailored to new trends, demands and concepts. This person will need to have experience with the ETL process and strong experience with working with data coming from various sources, channels and in different formats. The candidate will also need to have the ability to structure the data for a software architect, correspond directly with clients, project or department managers, and/or business leaders to identify analytical requirements. This person will also be working with Project Managers, Architects, DBA, and Data Scientists. He or she must be comfortable utilizing both quantitative data, and qualitative knowledge. Other typical functions include but are not limited to:
Perform routine trend analyses and evaluations.
Analyze audit findings, identify trends and assist in the development of programs.
Brainstorm and form effective solutions to business problems.
Develop, maintain and assist in the implementation of programs and business solutions.
Monitor correction action follow-up from audits in business units.
Provide status reports to management, identify problem areas and verify compliance.
Clean, update and aggregate the data into more operable formatting.
Required Skills:
Bachelors Degree in MIS and/or CS.
Experience with tools such as SQL, Oracle & MongoDB.
Any ETL too experience (ex: Informatica, Oracle Data Integrator or Warehouse Builder)
Ability to work with relational and non-relational databases.
Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and switch between tasks quickly.
Ability to facilitate discussion, drive consensus and build partnerships.
Detail oriented and able to work in group projects and take direction.
Excellent verbal and written communication skill is a must.
Experience as a Business Analysis is preferable.
If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!",4.1,"N.F. Smith & Associates
4.1","Houston, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1984,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
17,"Data Scientist, Junior/Mid-level - FAA","$75k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: Data Scientist, Junior/Mid-level - FAA

Job Summary

This position will apply advanced analytical and mathematical techniques to solve complex decision problems. Candidate will use ESRI/ArcGIS products in conjunction with high performance computing, big data analytics and data visualization techniques to assist the development of a data collection and analysis system.

Years of Relevant Experience

The position requires 2 - 7 equivalent years of experience in Geographical Information Systems, operations research, modeling and simulation, or technical analysis. Specific experience with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) or the Aviation Industry is desired.

Essential Job Functions
Individual will support model and simulation development to provide quantitative analyses, cost-benefit and economic analyses to support the Federal Aviation Administration Program Acquisition and Operational Systems Evaluation.
Individual will have experience in developing ESRI Survey123 data collection forms
Individual will have experience in data collection, data normalization techniques, statistical analysis and performance metrics development
Individuals will have experience with compiling and integration map data for automation
Individuals will be required to contribute effectively to working groups through oral and written communication and cooperative working relationships
Individuals will support the develop of custom visualizations
Education Requirements

Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in Engineering, Mathematics, Operations Research, Physics, Economics, or similar.

Master’s degree is a plus

Skills Requirements
Experience with ESRI Tool set – ArcGIS, Survey123
Experience with pSQL/ relation databases is desired
Experience with MATLAB, SAS, Python, Java/C++/VBA and MS Office Products is desired
Experience with and data visualization tools such Shiny, Tableau, Cold Fusion is desired
Security Requirements

Must be a US citizen or a legal resident for three of the past five years

Must meet eligibility requirements for a US Public Trust security clearance",4.8,"Cobec Consulting
4.8","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
18,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence - Intermediate,"$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311093

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing and Analytics

Group: Data Sciences and Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.

+ Publication record in scientific conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelor's degree with 2 years of experience, a Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or a PhD with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Computation and Information Sciences_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
19,Data Scientist,"$82k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Varen, our performance is measured by the success of our clients, and our reputation for service, superior quality, objectivity, integrity and results. Our reputation is everything to us as we are committed to being a trusted advisor to our nations decision makers in a day in age that demands acute attention to detail in a fast-paced environment. Varen is seeking to add the sharpest technical professionals who share our passion for ensuring the mission success of our customers at all times.

We are looking for Data Scientists with various years of experience. In these positions you will work closely with the client to review and respond to data science requirements. These positions will involve analyzing both structured and unstructured data using data analytics, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence/machine learning techniques.

Experience with training and optimizing machine learning models and coordinating with data engineering components to deploy trained models to work on production data at scale is desired.

EDUCATION:


BS degree in technical field and 3+ years of experience

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENT:

TS/SCI w/poly clearance
Varen Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and applicants receive lawful consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status.",4.2,"Varen Technologies
4.2","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
20,Data Scientist,"$58k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","STRATACACHE provides salable customer experiences, empowering retailers to learn deeply about their customers’ shopping preferences and behaviors, allowing for personalized shopper interaction. Our solutions deliver consumer activation at the point-of-decision, generating new sales opportunities and enhanced retail profitability. With 3 million+ software activations globally, we power the biggest digital networks for the world’s largest brands. Across the STRATACACHE family of complementary digital media/ad tech solution companies, we have the technology, expertise and track record to bring retail innovation that delivers results.

Learn more about the STRATACACHE family at www.stratacache.com.

Data Scientist

Do you love data? Do you enjoy creating statistical models and finding insights that make a difference? Are you interested in the future of retail, commerce, and customer analytics? If so, this is the role for you. In this role you will have the opportunity to work with software engineering, sales, and product organizations to develop innovative, impactful data applications. Your efforts will enhance the overall product quality utilizing many aspects of data science, including various types of modeling that drive toward strategic analytics. You will be focused on the future of the restaurant and retail experience by discovering insights while creating strategic, marketing, retail, customer experience and digital analytics. Your background in statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quantitative research, and/or analytics consulting will be very beneficial as you take on this exciting position in the company and join our Data Science team. In this role you will also have the opportunity to continue to build and improve the marketing of technology products that are influenced by data, understand human behavior and determine how to influence and impact the retail marketplace with exciting new solutions and insights.

Responsibilities include:

Design, build, and deliver statistical models and related actionable data-focused results to support product and customer requirements and initiatives.
Work closely with engineering, product and sales teams to understand business and technical requirements, translate these into important discovery directives, and follow through to optimize and support the enhancement and growth of Stratacache products.
Establish and make effective use of internal and external datasets to back up and support key strategic, product, and customer decision-making efforts.
Serve as the data science expert on cross-functional teams for large strategic initiatives and education on accessing and utilizing qualified and focused data for decision making.
Analyze, propose, design and successfully deliver data experiments for engineering, product and sales teams to ensure statistical rigor and effectiveness.
Provide expertise and professionalism in handling sensitive, privacy-protected data, including sources, structures, organization, and optimization.
Communicate complex ideas about our product through visual aids like charts and dashboards.
Keep up-to-date with emerging data science and statistical technologies, methods and practices.
Create and/or use existing data models for predictions regarding user behavior.
Communicate ideas, processes, and results to all levels of internal and external clients and teams.
Basic & Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree required in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Analysis, or other technical field related to software development.
Minimum 3 years of related experience working with data science and statistical modeling.
Experience in the QSR, retail or ecommerce industries from a data perspective is required.
Experience with recommendation engines and discovering new and advanced modeling methods i.e. deep neural networks, gradient boosted decision trees, etc.. is required.
Experience with SQL and at least one functional or statistical programming language is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with R and Python is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with REST APIs is required.
Experience working with Postgres, Timescale DB and/or other related database technologies is required.
Ability to distill complex statistical concepts and methodology, and articulate insights to cross-functional teams and clients with varying levels of knowledge in this space is required.
Ability to work with distributed and remote teams is required.
Experience with complex query writing is required.
Experience with result-set performance tuning and related data administration is required.
Experience with big data technologies is required.
Experience and understanding of various statistical modeling tools and platforms is required.
Experience in ecommerce, wifi, app messaging, social and other datasets is beneficial.
Experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence methods and practice is beneficial.
Understanding and experience with database technologies is beneficial including Oracle, SQLServer, etc..
Understanding and experience with BI technologies is beneficial: Tableau, Microstrategy, Microsoft, OBI, etc..
Experience with kafka, Go, or Redis is beneficial.
Understanding of data modeling techniques and star schemas is beneficial.
Experience with Hadoop and MapReduce is beneficial.
Experience with ftp, file transfers, data exchange methodologies.
A solid understanding of methodology, data and systems from a broad range of research and analytics providers, including emerging tools and methods is required.
Ability to articulate and tie data to business strategy.
Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills
Self-motivated, self-starter with a team-centric focus while working in a fluid environment.
Exceptional communication skills: verbal, written, and presentation.
Experience in the following areas: strategic analytics, marketing analytics, digital analytics, data analytics, statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quant research, analytics consulting.
Desire and interest to uncover and discover insights using disparate data sources.
Desire and interest in being the “Go To” person for data science.
Dynamic personality and passion for data, analytics, visualizations and storytelling is beneficial for this role.
Keen sense of user interface design, style, aesthetics and effective visual presentation.
Experience with agile development methodologies.
Ability to work effectively in fast-paced, results-oriented work environment.
Ability to handle and adjust to change in requirements and direction.
Positive attitude, attention to detail, and great problem solving skills are important.

STRATACACHE and its family of companies provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition, veteran, marital, parental, citizenship, or domestic partner status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law.

While we are excited and appreciate you interest in our opportunities, please keep in mind that we are not able to contact all applicants that have applied.

No vendor/agency solicitation please.",3.6,"STRATACACHE
3.6","Dayton, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
21,Marketing Strategy and Analytics Manager,"$42k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Pushpay exists to bring people together by strengthening community, connection, and belonging. As the leading provider of mobile apps and giving technology to churches, schools, and nonprofits, Pushpay helps organizations and their communities stay connected anytime, anywhere.

We recently announced the exciting news of Pushpay and Church Community Builder merging together to deliver a best-in-class fully integrated church management system (ChMS), custom community app, and giving solutions for organizations in the faith sector. The combination of our two companies gives us complementary world class solutions for our customers and aligns strongly with Pushpay's core strategy of providing innovative, market-leading solutions for customers.

Job Summary:

The Marketing Strategy and Analytics Manager is part of the Business Insights Team, directly supporting the Online Marketing Team. This person is responsible for translating data to stories. What is happening in the pipeline? Why did it happen, and how can we improve our strategy? Use your excellent communication skills to give business insights to the leadership teams on a regular basis (emphasis on funnel conversion and ROI).

Duties/Responsibilities:
Provide actionable insights to the Online Marketing team
Build standardized and consistent reporting to closely monitor the most important business metrics on a regular basis including analysis of the full marketing funnel and conversions on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis
Develop in-depth analysis tools to work with the Director of Online Marketing and other Marketing stakeholders. This will bring understanding of trends and surface strategic opportunities to improve engagement and market development across the team
Identify newly tracked metrics in order to build, evolve, manage, and support end-to-end analytics pipelines
Support the marketing automation function through the centralization of all email marketing list pulls
Understand how lead and prospect data is structured in core systems, and segments the database on various criteria (region, church size, life cycle stage, persona, etc.) to best target a specific market or user type
Collaborate with BI Analysts and Data Science team to further understand how Marketing insights impact the data and processes across the organization
Required Qualifications:
4+ years of marketing analytics, marketing operations, or digital marketing experience, preferably in a related industry
2-3 years of experience using SQL and visualization tools (Tableau preferred)
2+ years of experience in a Salesforce environment (or comparable enterprise CRM)
5+ years of experience with Advanced Excel (applicants will complete a skills assessment)
3+ years of experience building Powerpoint (or comparable) slide decks
Prior experience using Marketo, Bizible, and other enterprise Marketing tools
Prior experience with email marketing and demand generation analytics
Experience building business cases and interfacing regularly with senior leaders
Structured thinker with strong organizational and communication skills
Willingness to adapt to a fast-paced work environment
Analytical, ambitious, and curious people, with a desire to learn and grow rapidly",3.7,"Pushpay
3.7","Redmond, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
22,Data Scientist,"$95k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist
In this role, you will be set on a constant “treasure hunt” for new data sources to apply the latest techniques for modeling and data analysis. You will be part of a team driving the profit and customer growth of this growing insurance agency.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Working with internal and external data to understand and accurately predict:
Shopping behavior;
Retention behavior;
Quote and conversion rates;
Retention and lifetime customer value;
Contribution to overall margin;
Customer satisfaction; and
Other drivers of success you identify worthy of analysis.
Qualifications and Education
Knowledge of new and innovative modeling and statistical techniques – a relevant specialty is preferred.
Detail orientation – attention and desire to work on large data “crunching” projects.
Strong written and oral communication skills and a proven ability to communicate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Creative thinker with the ability to synthesize information from various sources and apply that information to concrete business problems.
Ability to work with and understanding of the merits of various data structures.
Proficiency with the latest modeling software and techniques, such as SAS, R, Python or Tableau.
Ability to understand the need to balance predictive power, interpretability, and ease of implementation.

Education:
An advanced degree in mathematics, machine learning, economics, statistics or a related field.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
23,Data Engineer,-1,"You can make a salary. Or you can make a difference. Or you can work as a Data Engineer at Herman Miller and make both.

About this Opportunity
As a Data Engineer, you'll move and integrate data across multiple disparate systems. You will clean, normalize, and aggregate Herman Miller corporate reporting and analytics. You'll also provide support to functional areas by acting as expert in tools and methods for accessing, analyzing, and reporting corporate data.

What You'll Do
You'll have opportunities to speak up, solve problems, lead others, and be an owner every day as you...
Assist end users in reporting and analysis tools.
Collaborate with Analytics and Business Teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increase data accessibility, and foster data-driven decision making across the organization.
Define company data assets (data models).
Design data integrations and data quality framework.
Develop and maintain scalable data pipelines and build out new API integrations to support continuing increases in data volume and complexity.
Implement processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for the key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Perform data analysis to troubleshoot data-related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.
Work closely with a team of Application Developers, Architects, and Analysts.
Work closely with all Business Units and Software teams to develop strategy for long-term data platform architecture.
Write unit/integration tests and document work.
Perform additional responsibilities as requested to achieve business objectives.
Sound Like You?
You might be just who we’re looking for if you have...
A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.
Fully proficient retail and online retail data engineering abilities, typically gained through five years of working with Python/Java, SQL, working schema design, and dimensional data modeling.
At least five years of experience, or and equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems.
Experience working with cloud services and cloud data warehouses.
Experience with Snowflake, Matillion, Tableau, Business Objectives, and Net Suite (desirable).
The ability to manage and communicate data warehouse plans to internal clients.
Expert knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service.
Experience with or knowledge of Agile Software Development methodologies.
Advanced problem-solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to identify and solve complex business needs.
The ability to be process-oriented with great documentation skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of customer service.
The ability to perform all essential job functions of the position with or without accommodations.
Who We Are
At Herman Miller, our unique culture represents the collective attitudes, ideas, and experiences of the people who work here. We focus on protecting the environment, impacting our communities, exceeding the expectations of our customers through high quality products, and championing diversity in all areas of the business, and together we are on a journey toward a better world. We support the well-being of our employees in and outside of work by providing a variety of opportunities including award-winning work-life integration resources, development programs, complex health and wellness offerings, and much more.

Herman Miller is a globally recognized provider of furnishings and related technologies and services. Headquartered in West Michigan, we have relied on innovative design for over 100 years to solve problems for people wherever they work, live, learn, and heal.

Herman Miller is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer including veterans and people with disabilities.

Apply Now!",3.7,"Herman Miller
3.7",United States,-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1905,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
24,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Machine Learning Engineer Northern, VA

Machine Learning Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Machine Learning (ML) Engineers to produce automated anomaly/object detection and characterization, forecasting, optimization, and recommendation solutions to national security challenges using modular, cloud-native, API-centric approaches. These solutions will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on incorporating machine learning insights to automate and scale analysis and improve decision support. Teams will be working in a highly collaborative environment and expected to identify opportunities to apply and improve data-driven insights and support related design and development within big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Engage with mission owners/operators to discover applications for ML, set project expectations, define requirements, and review results
Design and develop reusable workflows for data integration, transformation, and feature engineering required to train models
Train and validate models, often in big data, distributed environments
Perform exploratory data analysis to understand data and model-derived insights
Perform model introspection to understand model behaviors and explain predictions
Visualize data and model-derived insights to communicate internally and externally
Integrate models into operational systems
Lead trade studies, analyses of alternatives, and assessments of existing systems
Develops or provides input to engineering artifacts
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 5 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Ability to describe the data assumptions and processing steps of common machine learning methods, and which methods are appropriate for a variety of use cases
Expertise with ML libraries, like Scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy, PySpark, MXNet, MLib, and Weka
Experience with ML platforms, like KNIME, Spark, SageMaker, H2O, and TensorFlow
Familiarity with Java, Python, and SQL including related ecosystems and frameworks, like Eclipse and Jupyter Notebook
Familiarity with visualization tools, preferably Qlik, Tableau, Plotly, Kibana, Matplotlib, and QGis
Strong problem-solving skills
Strong written and oral communications skills
Able to work independently and self-identify tasks
Ability to review and maintain existing code and applications
Ability to research and evaluate new concepts and processes to improve performance
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with time series forecasting
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Machine Learning Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
25,STAFF SCIENTIST,"$24k-$51k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: Staff Scientist

Requisition Number: 2020-2410-09

S&ME is an employee-owned engineering firm that provides civil, geotechnical, environmental, planning, landscape architecture, survey and construction services. Consistently ranked in the top 100 of ENR's Top 500 Design Firms, our markets are diverse and include transportation, energy, water/wastewater, commercial development, industry, healthcare, education and government. We recruit top talent and are currently seeking a Staff Scientist to join our team in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

The individual will perform field and office work associated with environment evaluations. Field work will include: soil sampling, groundwater sampling, surface water sampling, sediment sampling, wetland delineations, stream classifications, and fauna/flora identification. Other responsibilities include completing data entry to capture field activities, and the preparation of standard environmental reports. This individual will be expected to maintain knowledge of, and compliance with, regulatory requirements by attending environmental or natural resources training courses, or other in-house trainings. This position will require some travel and overnight stays.

Qualifications:
BS in environmental science, geology, biology, chemistry or related field;
2-4 years field experience in related field;
Ability to work outdoors in varying weather conditions;
Ability and willingness to accommodate overnight and out-of-town assignments;
Good technical writing, verbal communication, and computer skills.
This is a full-time position with competitive pay based on experience. Successful candidate must meet requirements of the company's Fleet Management Program, Substance Policy and Reference Check program. Submit resume, cover letter, and salary expectations for consideration. Only qualified candidates with acceptable employment eligibility verification (I-9) will be considered. Visa assistance not provided. S&ME reserves the right to fill this position with an internal or external candidate at any time during the search. S&ME is not responsible for unauthorized job postings or submissions of resumes using external links/websites.

No candidate/recruiter calls, personal calls or walk-ins accepted.

An Equal Opportunity Employer.

Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.7,"S&ME, Inc.
3.7","Chattanooga, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
26,Epidemiologist- Data Analyst,-1,"Description

Instructs all levels of Enterprise-Wide information system managers and users, including but not limited to CHAS application users, on various epidemiology and database applications.

Coordinates database; create user profiles; query system to produce reports; perform data cleaning and quality control, and maintain data dictionary statistics.
Develop and implement empirically sound data analysis plans in keeping with evaluation and research questions.
Perform routine and complex statistical analysis, ensuring statistical integrity and efficiency using statistical software, such as Statistical Package Social Sciences (SPSS), R+, or Statistical Analysis Software (SAS).
Coordinate all data collection and entry activities, ensuring minimum data integrity standards and completion of tasks in a timely manner.
Identify data entry barriers, working with program staff to research and address issues.
Collaborate with staff to implement data entry plans, scheduling, and monitoring completion of tasks; recommend strategies for optimizing and integrating data across multiple platforms.
Analyze reports of data duplicates or other errors to provide ongoing appropriate communication with staff.
Generate routine and ad hoc reports, charts, and other department presentation materials.
Provide support to develop new data collection instruments and pilot testing.
Implement or support all research and program evaluation projects, including writing evaluation plans and research proposals, publications, and researching grant opportunities.
Update evaluation data; provide to staff requests for data; and conduct routine e-literature search.
Identify and interpret trends and patterns in complex data sets. Develop and conduct surveys and focus groups, and gather other forms of qualitative data, including participant recruitment, volunteer training, and scheduling.
Research and provide surveillance accounts of emerging research findings in the field as they relate to key areas.
Develop and design systems based or automated solutions to enable data collection, tracking, and reporting.
Engage operational and Line of Air Force (LAF) leadership and functional managers where necessary to identify and procure data sharing and user agreements.

Minimum Qualification and Experience:

Expert knowledge of statistical software to perform complex statistical analysis and to compute data, including regression and modeling, required.
Minimum of four (4) years of experience, preferably within the last five (5) years working in a similar public health role, conducting epidemiologic research and/or program evaluation and statistical analysis preferred.

Education: Master’s degree required in any one of these areas: Epidemiology, Biostatistics/Statistics, Public Health, or closely related fields.

The position is contingent on contract award.

CITIZENSHIP AND CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:

Must be eligible to work in the US.
Must be able to pass a National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI).

ASI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We E-Verify all employees.

Competitive market-based salary, commensurate with experience and education
Comprehensive benefits available (Medical, Dental, PTO, 401k etc).",2.5,"1st American
2.5","San Antonio, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
27,"Senior Data Scientist, Zoro",-1,"Company Summary:
Zoro.com is an eCommerce company that sells business supplies, equipment, and tools—but we’re much more than just a website. We’re a team of people who win and lose together (we prefer winning!). Since 2011, Zoro has been working hard to make it easy for our customers to purchase everything they need to make their businesses go. Zoro currently offers 3 million products, fast and free shipping, no-hassle returns, and exceptional customer service. We’ve grown quickly in a short time, recently surpassing 400 team members and reaching annual revenue of over $500 million. Add to that our award-winning culture—we were named a Great Place to Work for 2019-20, among other accolades—and we think Zoro is a pretty amazing place to work and grow.

Primary Function:
Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of Zoro’s customer, product, eCommerce, and pricing plans. The Data Science team covers a broad scope of projects including customer segmentation, A/B testing, marketing investment optimization, predictive modeling, promotion forecasting, and pricing analysis. We are closely integrated with our business leaders and support their ability to make critical decisions. At Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead data science projects from beginning to end: develop and refine the idea, create a project plan and methodology, collaborate with business partners, execute, and provide recommendations for the company
Collaborate with other data scientists to develop and implement algorithms, write code, evaluate relevant academic research, and deliver outputs
Advise the company about tools, data sources, and best practices to facilitate digital marketing, pricing, and web analytics
Build predictive and inference models using Python and R to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, or channel investment optimization
Document code and data science processes that are critical to the company, and develop strategies to ensure those processes are robust and fault-tolerant
Communicate findings to business leaders and colleagues using data visualizations, presentations, and written means

Qualifications:

Experience leading data science projects that have a direct impact on company objectives
Demonstrated ability to assist business decision-making through data mining and machine learning
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions
5+ years’ progressive business experience in areas including marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, or statistical modeling. Experience using data science or advanced analytics in an Internet retailer or a top-tier consumer-focused company is required
Ability to translate complex business problems into project plans and solve them by analyzing large amounts of data
Familiarity with Python or R for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and cloud-hosted data platforms (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, etc)
Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker, and ability to communicate results to business partners
Master’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, or Economics
Knowledge of web tracking technology and web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) a definite plus

Final note: We share a commitment to our Zoro values – Win & Lose Together (We prefer winning!), Take Ownership, We Are Transparent, and Aspire to be Customer-Obsessed. Everything we do at Zoro is centered around delighting our customers. It's a natural extension of our company culture and how we care for each other. We believe when we act in ways that are consistent with these values, we can solve any technical challenge that lies ahead of us. As a Zoro employee, you can expect to work with smart, energetic people, learn something every day, and be valued for your perspective.

Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.",2.0,"Zoro Tools
2.0","Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
28,Data Scientist,"$116k-$181k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Zynga is a leading developer of the world’s most popular social games that are played by people around the world every single day. To-date, more than 1 billion people have played our games across Web and mobile, including Words With Friends, FarmVille, Zynga Poker, Merge Dragons, Empires & Puzzles, Hit it Rich! Slots and CSR.

Zynga’s Marketing Data Science and Analytics team uses our outstanding and expansive data to deliver fundamental insights on who our audience is, how they engage with our games, and what are the best ways to acquire them. We strive for a better understanding of our players which translates into challenges and features that delight them.

Here’s where you would come in: identify and formalize problems related to campaign optimization. Design and develop systems and services to optimize campaigns at scale. Be innovative, be creative, use every bit of that key commodity – data. Millions of people play Zynga games every day, so our data is tremendously rich, and we have a lot of it!

We will rely on you to communicate your findings to your peers – both technical and non-technical. Your solutions to difficult problems will need to be demonstrably impactful, visual and maintainable. You will collaborate with engineering teams to build proof-of-concept and MVPs of campaign bidders and optimizers. You will collaborate with User Acquisition Managers, Product Managers, and Engineers to deliver business impact.

Responsibilities:
Design and implement scalable systems and models to experiment with campaigns and creatives across channels and acquire users at scale
Work with large amounts of data to find and realize opportunities to acquire and re-target users profitably delivering unambiguous business metric impact
Craft effective campaign strategies to acquire users across a multitude of user acquisition channels
Drive and empower user acquisition team to make quantitatively informed, evidence based decisions - through custom visualizations, and ETLs to augment user data
Design, test, verify and implement machine learning models with Zynga’s games that impact millions of users. Models may include but not limited to LTV modelling, campaign bid recommendations, budget allocation, clustering/segmentation, forecasting, fraud detection, and / or reinforcement learning
Build prototypes and MVPs of services and applications that improve effectiveness of campaigns, creatives, ad networks and/or user segments.
Required Skills and Experience:
B.S. or B.A. in Math, Statistics, Comp Sci, Engineering, or other quantitative field required; Masters, MBA or PhD preferred
5+ years of relevant work experience in data science or analytics role in a Marketing Analytics or a User Acquisition Analytics Team
Familiar with mobile performance marketing and/or user acquisition landscape
Strong experience in SQL;
Proficient in Python; Proven fundamental programming skills (algorithms, data structures, OOP, OS, Networking, AWS Cloud); Ability to design distributed systems
Ability to build and maintain software services and systems at scale; experience in deploying services in at least one cloud provider (AWS, Google Cloud or Azure)
Proven experience with some of the following: machine learning, predictive modeling, deep learning
Experience in analyzing large datasets, preferably in a Hadoop or Spark environment, and deploying production ready systems at scale
Strong written and oral communication skills
Strong passion for gaming and performance marketing!
Zynga is an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our broad community; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. We welcome job-seekers, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds. Join us!

We will consider all qualified job-seekers with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.

Zynga is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need an accommodation during the interview process, please let us know.",4.1,"Zynga
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
29,LabVIEW Developer/Architect (Control & Data Acquisition Engineer),"$70k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Your Opportunity: *
As a LabVIEW developer/architect (controls and data acquisition engineer) you will work with Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) in delivering a new National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) flash X-ray radiography capability at the Nevada National Security Site (NNSS) for the Advanced Sources and Detectors Project (ASD). This radiography capability is a multi-pulse linear induction accelerator, Scorpius, to be commissioned at the NNSSs U1a Complex by 2024. A national project team comprised of personnel from LANL, Sandia National Laboratory (SNL), Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), and Nevada National Security Site (NNSS), as well as academic and industrial partners, will research, design, build, install, and commission Scorpius to fulfill the Department of Energy (DOE) National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) subcritical experiment program mission needs. The LANL ASD Technical Development office (ASD-TECH) is responsible for coordinating and executing these activities.

You will be working with the technical leads for various Scorpius systems to support the design and development of instrumentation and control systems, process control systems, and data acquisition systems. You will also assist with the design and documentation of key elements such as the control room layout, network layout, controls schematics while working collaboratively with a large team of scientists, vendors, and engineers to provide instrumentation and controls systems and data acquisition systems for various Scorpius systems. Your work will have a signification impact on our nations safety and security.
What You will Do: *
Develop instrumentation and controls software utilizing LabVIEW when possible to automate operation of process controls equipment and accelerator components.

Assist with design and testing of a virtual Scorpius software emulator.

Design and develop instrumentation and controls, and data acquisition systems for the downstream transport, detector and global controls systems while working under the direct supervision of a Lead Controls Engineer.

Develop and revise design drawings and instrumentation and controls schematics using Autocad or Autocad Electrical.

Assist with design and layout drawings and schematics for various systems within Scorpius project.

Involvement with vendor and SMEs in acquiring requirements and design of control software to be developed and integrated into the overall global control system for Scorpius.

Produce materials for technical reports, documents, presentations, and concept papers.

Partner with multiple engineering disciplines to accomplish the work.
What You Will Need: *
Certified LabVIEW Developer or LabVIEW Architect.

10 years of experience with NI LabVIEW and in the design and implementation of signal conditioning electronics, analog and digital I/O, and software development.

Bachelors degree in engineering (Electrical, Mechanical, or Chemical preferred) or equivalent work experience.

Experience with Ethernet industrial communications, RS485 and RS232 communications.

Experience and knowledge of equipment rack design, power supplies, and electrical power distribution.

Experiences with NI hardware platforms including CompactRIO, CompactDAQ, and/or PXI.

Experience with the design and development of Data Acquisition hardware such as NI hardware, LabVIEW PXI chassis, various interface cards, oscilloscopes, and digital multi-meters.

Experience with LabVIEW development to include custom drivers for various equipment, FPGA development and troubleshooting.

Able to define, design, develop, test, debug, and maintain LabVIEW code for machine control software.

Proficient with AutoCAD or AutoCAD electrical.

Excellent verbal, interpersonal, and written communication skills.

Motivated self-starter with strong attention to detail and ability to work independently.

Accelerator experience is preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity: *
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
What We Offer: *
We know benefits are important to you. Therefore, we offer an array of excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, generous paid time off policy, and 401(k) employer contribution. Furthermore, you will have access to a health savings plan, flexible spending plan, and superior paid holidays offering.

TechSource has been providing superior science and engineering consulting services to a multitude of government clients for over twenty years in several locations across the United States. We are passionate about our people because we know our people are what drives our success. We believe that trust is the key to our relationships with our clients, our communities, and our people. We pride ourselves on our honesty, our ethical behavior, and our open and straightforward communication. Integrity is at the core of everything that we do.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
LabVIEW: 10 years (Required)
instrumentation and controls: 10 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://techsource-inc.com/about/careers
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.5,"TechSource, Inc.
4.5","Los Alamos, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
30,Data Scientist,-1,"Artlin Consulting is seeking motivated individuals who are passionate about helping clients achieve excellence. Qualified candidates will have a creative, holistic, and systematic approach to problem-solving.

The intermediate data scientist with solid data analytics and science expertise. The Defense Acquisition Data Scientist will be a key contributor on an Executive-level Department of Defense Analytic team, leveraging knowledge of data science, methodologies, and processing techniques to support analytics and gather data from disparate Federal, Defense and public databases in support of Major Weapon System acquisition and program management. As the Data Scientist, you will work with Department leadership and a diverse analytical research cell.

Position Responsibilities:
Leverage technical and analytical expertise to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Apply technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Create informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Document and visualize data both temporally and spatially, and present data to managers.
Create and provide informational briefings that are required to explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Investigate and implement new scientific analysis and methodologies to support data analytics efforts and stay current with evolving technologies and capabilities.
Complete ad hoc data extract and reporting tasks as requested by organizational leaders.
Perform data extracts and loads from source data systems to analytical data stores.
Work with business leaders to solve business problems by understanding, preparing, and analyzing data to predict emerging trends and provide recommendations to optimize business results.
Experience Level:
Bachelor's Degree Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or other business-related field, Master's Degree preferred
2+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience, DoD/Federal Government experience preferred.
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment
Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audience
Proven ability working successfully in a collaborative and diverse environment
Experience interacting with Senior Leadership
Secret Security Clearance and above for this role
Tools and Proficiency Level:
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar - Required
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar - Desired
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational systems
Big data and cloud processing experience
Experience working in a cloud based environment
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint
MS Access, SQL Server, SharePoint, and Visual Basic programming knowledge is a plus
Position Overview:
Applies technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Creates informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Required Education/Experience/Skills:
Active DoD Secret security clearance.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
2+ years of relevant work experience.
Strong team-building skills as well as confidence when working with senior leadership and peers.
Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) Tools such as MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar.
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting, and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational system.
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint.
Desired Education/Experience/Skills:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar.
Big data and cloud processing experience.
SQL Database experience.
DoD/Federal Government experience.
Artlin Consulting, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.1,"Artlin Consulting
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
31,Data Scientist,"$60k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","_Redstone Federal Credit Union is actively seeking a Data Scientist in Huntsville, AL today!_*
About Us: *
Redstone Federal Credit Union is a data-rich institution investing in data science experts who can leverage the power of that data. Raise approval rates, suppress charge-offs, crush fraud, make our marketing dollars count. All in the service of our ultimate goal: to give back more to our community and brighten the financial lives of our members.

At Redstone, youll find a board of directors and executive teams who are committed to making data the foundation of our future success, and youll have a lot of influence in how we do that. Youll collaborate with business owners, data analysts, and data engineers to identify, prioritize and formulate data science efforts. Develop and deploy machine learning and decision optimization solutions. Conduct exploratory data analysis (EDA) and inferential statistical analysis. Design experiments. Grow your own skills while training the next generation of data scientists.
Benefits: *
Health/Dental/Vision insurance
Retirement plan, Signing bonus,
Paid time off, Relocation assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Responsibilities: *
Develops supervised and unsupervised machine learning models.
Conducts inferential analysis to draw valid conclusions about a population given sample data.
Design experiments to evaluate potential business improvements, such as (for example) evaluating the effectiveness of marketing promotions on improving sales.
Conducts descriptive and exploratory analytics, understanding and communicating what a dataset can tell us about (for example) members, products, processes, competition, the economic environment, and marketing promotions.
Continuously builds domain expertise in various credit union subject areas, such as (for example) marketing, underwriting, fraud, and service channels.
Performs other related duties as assigned or requested.
Requirements: *
5+ years of work experience or Masters degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or closely related field
5+ years' responsible business domain experience in applied machine learning and decision optimization.
Experience with various open-source toolsets and environments (e.g., Python, Jupyter, R, Scala, SQL, etc.)
Experience in distributed computing (e.g. Apache Spark).
Experience with feature engineering.
Experience with experimental design and inferential statistics.
Experience in consumer finance is preferred.
_Indeed Hire and Redstone Federal Credit Union are working together to find the best candidate for this job. _*
_By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application._*
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Scala: 1 year (Preferred)
Spark: 1 year (Preferred)
Experimental Design: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
data scientist: 5 years (Preferred)
Applied machine learning in a business setting : 5 years (Preferred)
R: 1 year (Preferred)
Python: 1 year (Preferred)
full agile sdlc methodology: 1 year (Preferred)
analytics: 1 year (Preferred)
hadoop: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Job distance:
Huntsville, AL: Between 31 and 40 miles (Preferred)",3.5,"Redstone Federal Credit Union
3.5","Huntsville, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1951,Nonprofit Organization,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
32,Data Scientist,-1,"TACG is a driven Alaskan Native 8(a) professional consulting firm, that focuses on employee growth in collaboration with client delivery. Our portfolio ranges from support work with Health and Human Services to highly skilled Defense consulting. We have recently been awarded as one of INC.5000's fastest growing companies and received multiple best places to work awards. How can you help shape TACG?
Position Summary:

TACG is looking for a Data Scientist to support the business in defining information/data requirements to allow for the design, development, testing/evaluation, implementation and sustainment of critical business applications and IT capabilities. The Data Scientist will provide technical expertise in Business Intelligence (BI) tools and programming languages to support data analytics, data visualizations, and predictive analysis.

Responsibilities:
Applies analytic methodologies and principles to address client needs.
Applies analytic techniques in the evaluation of project objectives and contributes to the implementation of strategic direction.
Performs analyst functions including data collection, interviewing, data cleansing, data modeling, project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
Performs data collection, interviewing, data cleansing, data modeling, project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Excellent analytical skills
Experience using SQL, Python, and R languages for statistical analysis
Experience using Tableau Desktop, Prep Builder and Reader for the generation, sustainment and viewing of data visualization dashboards
Experience in ETL, specifically with data resident on SharePoint
3 years of experience with a Bachelor's Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or engineering; or, 1 year of experience with a Master's Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or engineering.
Education & Certification Requirements:
Four year degree or a Master's Degree in Computer Science, Business, Management or related field
Preferred Skills:
Creative thinker
Strong communication skills
Proficient in MS Office suite of tools, specifically MS Excel.
Excellent team skills.
Experience or understanding of AF or DoD processes, data and systems
Disclaimer:
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions
All work will be performed in an office environment.
Physical Requirements:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The employee is frequently required to talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk; reach with hands and arms to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision.
Citizenship: United States
Security Clearance: NACI background will be required
Percent of Travel Required: Up to 10%
FLSA Status: Full-time, Exempt
Benefits:
We understand that our employees make us the great company we are, so we want to give back as much as possible. Whether it's our flexible wellness program that gives you the power to do what makes you happy or focusing on career development utilizing our tuition reimbursement, we're sure to have every benefit you're looking for, to also include; matching 401(k), Medical, Vision, and Dental Coverage and much more!

TACG is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.",4.7,"TACG Solutions
4.7","Dayton, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
33,"Data Scientist, Junior/Mid-level - FAA","$75k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: Data Scientist, Junior/Mid-level - FAA

Job Summary

This position will apply advanced analytical and mathematical techniques to solve complex decision problems. Candidate will use ESRI/ArcGIS products in conjunction with high performance computing, big data analytics and data visualization techniques to assist the development of a data collection and analysis system.

Years of Relevant Experience

The position requires 2 - 7 equivalent years of experience in Geographical Information Systems, operations research, modeling and simulation, or technical analysis. Specific experience with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) or the Aviation Industry is desired.

Essential Job Functions
Individual will support model and simulation development to provide quantitative analyses, cost-benefit and economic analyses to support the Federal Aviation Administration Program Acquisition and Operational Systems Evaluation.
Individual will have experience in developing ESRI Survey123 data collection forms
Individual will have experience in data collection, data normalization techniques, statistical analysis and performance metrics development
Individuals will have experience with compiling and integration map data for automation
Individuals will be required to contribute effectively to working groups through oral and written communication and cooperative working relationships
Individuals will support the develop of custom visualizations
Education Requirements

Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in Engineering, Mathematics, Operations Research, Physics, Economics, or similar.

Master’s degree is a plus

Skills Requirements
Experience with ESRI Tool set – ArcGIS, Survey123
Experience with pSQL/ relation databases is desired
Experience with MATLAB, SAS, Python, Java/C++/VBA and MS Office Products is desired
Experience with and data visualization tools such Shiny, Tableau, Cold Fusion is desired
Security Requirements

Must be a US citizen or a legal resident for three of the past five years

Must meet eligibility requirements for a US Public Trust security clearance",4.8,"Cobec Consulting
4.8","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
34,Data Scientist,"$82k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Varen, our performance is measured by the success of our clients, and our reputation for service, superior quality, objectivity, integrity and results. Our reputation is everything to us as we are committed to being a trusted advisor to our nations decision makers in a day in age that demands acute attention to detail in a fast-paced environment. Varen is seeking to add the sharpest technical professionals who share our passion for ensuring the mission success of our customers at all times.

We are looking for Data Scientists with various years of experience. In these positions you will work closely with the client to review and respond to data science requirements. These positions will involve analyzing both structured and unstructured data using data analytics, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence/machine learning techniques.

Experience with training and optimizing machine learning models and coordinating with data engineering components to deploy trained models to work on production data at scale is desired.

EDUCATION:


BS degree in technical field and 3+ years of experience

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENT:

TS/SCI w/poly clearance
Varen Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and applicants receive lawful consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status.",4.2,"Varen Technologies
4.2","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
35,Data Scientist,"$58k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","STRATACACHE provides salable customer experiences, empowering retailers to learn deeply about their customers’ shopping preferences and behaviors, allowing for personalized shopper interaction. Our solutions deliver consumer activation at the point-of-decision, generating new sales opportunities and enhanced retail profitability. With 3 million+ software activations globally, we power the biggest digital networks for the world’s largest brands. Across the STRATACACHE family of complementary digital media/ad tech solution companies, we have the technology, expertise and track record to bring retail innovation that delivers results.

Learn more about the STRATACACHE family at www.stratacache.com.

Data Scientist

Do you love data? Do you enjoy creating statistical models and finding insights that make a difference? Are you interested in the future of retail, commerce, and customer analytics? If so, this is the role for you. In this role you will have the opportunity to work with software engineering, sales, and product organizations to develop innovative, impactful data applications. Your efforts will enhance the overall product quality utilizing many aspects of data science, including various types of modeling that drive toward strategic analytics. You will be focused on the future of the restaurant and retail experience by discovering insights while creating strategic, marketing, retail, customer experience and digital analytics. Your background in statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quantitative research, and/or analytics consulting will be very beneficial as you take on this exciting position in the company and join our Data Science team. In this role you will also have the opportunity to continue to build and improve the marketing of technology products that are influenced by data, understand human behavior and determine how to influence and impact the retail marketplace with exciting new solutions and insights.

Responsibilities include:

Design, build, and deliver statistical models and related actionable data-focused results to support product and customer requirements and initiatives.
Work closely with engineering, product and sales teams to understand business and technical requirements, translate these into important discovery directives, and follow through to optimize and support the enhancement and growth of Stratacache products.
Establish and make effective use of internal and external datasets to back up and support key strategic, product, and customer decision-making efforts.
Serve as the data science expert on cross-functional teams for large strategic initiatives and education on accessing and utilizing qualified and focused data for decision making.
Analyze, propose, design and successfully deliver data experiments for engineering, product and sales teams to ensure statistical rigor and effectiveness.
Provide expertise and professionalism in handling sensitive, privacy-protected data, including sources, structures, organization, and optimization.
Communicate complex ideas about our product through visual aids like charts and dashboards.
Keep up-to-date with emerging data science and statistical technologies, methods and practices.
Create and/or use existing data models for predictions regarding user behavior.
Communicate ideas, processes, and results to all levels of internal and external clients and teams.
Basic & Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree required in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Analysis, or other technical field related to software development.
Minimum 3 years of related experience working with data science and statistical modeling.
Experience in the QSR, retail or ecommerce industries from a data perspective is required.
Experience with recommendation engines and discovering new and advanced modeling methods i.e. deep neural networks, gradient boosted decision trees, etc.. is required.
Experience with SQL and at least one functional or statistical programming language is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with R and Python is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with REST APIs is required.
Experience working with Postgres, Timescale DB and/or other related database technologies is required.
Ability to distill complex statistical concepts and methodology, and articulate insights to cross-functional teams and clients with varying levels of knowledge in this space is required.
Ability to work with distributed and remote teams is required.
Experience with complex query writing is required.
Experience with result-set performance tuning and related data administration is required.
Experience with big data technologies is required.
Experience and understanding of various statistical modeling tools and platforms is required.
Experience in ecommerce, wifi, app messaging, social and other datasets is beneficial.
Experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence methods and practice is beneficial.
Understanding and experience with database technologies is beneficial including Oracle, SQLServer, etc..
Understanding and experience with BI technologies is beneficial: Tableau, Microstrategy, Microsoft, OBI, etc..
Experience with kafka, Go, or Redis is beneficial.
Understanding of data modeling techniques and star schemas is beneficial.
Experience with Hadoop and MapReduce is beneficial.
Experience with ftp, file transfers, data exchange methodologies.
A solid understanding of methodology, data and systems from a broad range of research and analytics providers, including emerging tools and methods is required.
Ability to articulate and tie data to business strategy.
Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills
Self-motivated, self-starter with a team-centric focus while working in a fluid environment.
Exceptional communication skills: verbal, written, and presentation.
Experience in the following areas: strategic analytics, marketing analytics, digital analytics, data analytics, statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quant research, analytics consulting.
Desire and interest to uncover and discover insights using disparate data sources.
Desire and interest in being the “Go To” person for data science.
Dynamic personality and passion for data, analytics, visualizations and storytelling is beneficial for this role.
Keen sense of user interface design, style, aesthetics and effective visual presentation.
Experience with agile development methodologies.
Ability to work effectively in fast-paced, results-oriented work environment.
Ability to handle and adjust to change in requirements and direction.
Positive attitude, attention to detail, and great problem solving skills are important.

STRATACACHE and its family of companies provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition, veteran, marital, parental, citizenship, or domestic partner status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law.

While we are excited and appreciate you interest in our opportunities, please keep in mind that we are not able to contact all applicants that have applied.

No vendor/agency solicitation please.",3.6,"STRATACACHE
3.6","Dayton, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
36,Data Scientist,"$72k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Data Scientist, you will have the unique opportunity to work on a program developing target models and advancing state-of-the-art modeling and prediction capabilities. This program will develop and train machine learning models to detect and discern features in scenes and develop an adversarial patch framework to defeat the trained classifiers.
Our delivery teams are driven to explore new ideas and technology, and care deeply about collaboration, feedback, and iteration. We follow SAFe agile practices, embrace the Ops ethos(DataOps/DevSecOps/MLOps) to “automate-first”, use modern tech stacks, and constantly challenge each other to grow and improve.
If cutting edge data science projects resonate with you and you care deeply about joining a mission-driven company with a strong growth direction and diverse culture, we'd love to learn more about you. Check out the details below, and let’s connect.

Technical members of our solutions teams require little guidance, but love to learn, collaborate, and problem solve. This position requires a mid to senior level of experience, a passion for mission support, and a strong desire to solve our customers’ hardest technical and data challenges.
The Data Scientist will be responsible for the following:
Develop, train and evaluate Machine Learning models
Develop strategies for data augmentation and synthetic data
Utilize models to detect and classify targets within scenes
Develop adversarial attacks to defeat trained classifiers

Requirements:
TS/SCI clearance required
5+ years of related experience
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, Tensorflow or MXNet
Prior experience with the Intelligence Community and methodological experience in some of the following areas
Relationships and discovery (correlating, enriching, and prioritizing target data)
Situational awareness (unifying data into a single context, allowing the current situation to be accurately and quickly understood)
Systems modeling (building a computational analog of real-world-system to understand how it operates, what it is capable of, and how it can be fooled)
We're looking for a motivated Data Scientist eager to advance not only your professional career, but also the missions of our Intelligence and Defense communities. At NT Concepts, you'll be able to:
Meaningfully impact the company's growth, and share in the rewards accordingly
Develop your own career path through our What’s Next program, which emphasizes personal growth through training and certification
Work on programs of importance that directly impact National Security and the world
Work in a fun, “challenging yet rewarding” fast-paced environment
#CJ
#JT",3.6,"NT Concepts
3.6","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
37,Marketing Strategy and Analytics Manager,"$42k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Pushpay exists to bring people together by strengthening community, connection, and belonging. As the leading provider of mobile apps and giving technology to churches, schools, and nonprofits, Pushpay helps organizations and their communities stay connected anytime, anywhere.

We recently announced the exciting news of Pushpay and Church Community Builder merging together to deliver a best-in-class fully integrated church management system (ChMS), custom community app, and giving solutions for organizations in the faith sector. The combination of our two companies gives us complementary world class solutions for our customers and aligns strongly with Pushpay's core strategy of providing innovative, market-leading solutions for customers.

Job Summary:

The Marketing Strategy and Analytics Manager is part of the Business Insights Team, directly supporting the Online Marketing Team. This person is responsible for translating data to stories. What is happening in the pipeline? Why did it happen, and how can we improve our strategy? Use your excellent communication skills to give business insights to the leadership teams on a regular basis (emphasis on funnel conversion and ROI).

Duties/Responsibilities:
Provide actionable insights to the Online Marketing team
Build standardized and consistent reporting to closely monitor the most important business metrics on a regular basis including analysis of the full marketing funnel and conversions on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis
Develop in-depth analysis tools to work with the Director of Online Marketing and other Marketing stakeholders. This will bring understanding of trends and surface strategic opportunities to improve engagement and market development across the team
Identify newly tracked metrics in order to build, evolve, manage, and support end-to-end analytics pipelines
Support the marketing automation function through the centralization of all email marketing list pulls
Understand how lead and prospect data is structured in core systems, and segments the database on various criteria (region, church size, life cycle stage, persona, etc.) to best target a specific market or user type
Collaborate with BI Analysts and Data Science team to further understand how Marketing insights impact the data and processes across the organization
Required Qualifications:
4+ years of marketing analytics, marketing operations, or digital marketing experience, preferably in a related industry
2-3 years of experience using SQL and visualization tools (Tableau preferred)
2+ years of experience in a Salesforce environment (or comparable enterprise CRM)
5+ years of experience with Advanced Excel (applicants will complete a skills assessment)
3+ years of experience building Powerpoint (or comparable) slide decks
Prior experience using Marketo, Bizible, and other enterprise Marketing tools
Prior experience with email marketing and demand generation analytics
Experience building business cases and interfacing regularly with senior leaders
Structured thinker with strong organizational and communication skills
Willingness to adapt to a fast-paced work environment
Analytical, ambitious, and curious people, with a desire to learn and grow rapidly",3.7,"Pushpay
3.7","Redmond, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
38,Sr. Data Scientist - Model Governance,"$101k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","General Summary:

The position plays a critical role in the oversight of predictive analytics and robust modeling at Elevate. The Sr. Data Scientist, Model Governance provides effective challenge, review, oversight, guidance, and ongoing monitoring for all models used within our Account Origination (Fraud, Risk and Response) and Account Management functions.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Review models and provide effective challenge and feedback to the developers to action change.
Manage a model review/validation program aligned to OCC 2011-12 / SR 11-7 guidelines.
Perform model stability monitoring to ensure ongoing performance for business applications.
Deliver model variable stability and performance reviews on determined cadence.
Write clear and detailed model documentation coordinating efforts with the model developers.
Work with other members of the Governance team to ensure all documentation is saved in the official repository and meets internal Credit Policy standards for all new and existing models.
Utilize advanced statistical software to validate linear/non-linear, parametric/non-parametric based predictive modeling/data mining analytic methodologies.
Creation of associated decks for presentation to executive management.
Present findings and make recommendations to Model and Risk Governance teams.
Act as liaison between partner banks / third party validators and Elevate.
Complete all other projects as assigned.
Experience and Education:
Minimum M.S./M.A. in a highly quantitative field (Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, or other quantitatively-oriented degree) or experience in a process related Senior Analyst role in an analytical capacity.
Strong quantitative /statistical modeling capabilities, including with 5+ years of experience in credit scoring and model development preferred.
3+ years’ experience in Risk Management or Model Governance functions including knowledge of OCC / FDIC regulations for model documentation.
3+ years’ experience within the consumer lending environment.
Strong SAS, R, and SQL skills preferred, with ability to conduct extensive data research required. Candidates with experience with other software such as Python, SPSS, MATLAB may also be considered.
Demonstrated experience working with large complex data sources.
Strong PowerPoint presentation skills a plus.
Required Skills and Abilities:
Ability to work in fast-paced environment with ever-changing demands.
Ability to manage multiple projects at one time, possibly including overseeing others projects.
Strong communication skills. Must be able to clearly communicate in speech and writing with Risk Management peers, Marketing, Operations, Collections, Finance, C-level Executives, CEO, and BOD.",3.6,"Elevate Credit
3.6","Addison, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Lending,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
39,ANC-Environmental Engineer-Scientist (ML),"$84k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Shannon & Wilson’s Anchorage office provides clients with environmental and geotechnical engineering services. Anchorage’s field support personnel include environmental and geotechnical engineers, EITS, environmental scientists and geologists. Our projects take us to some of the most beautiful and rugged locations in Alaska. We offer varying exciting work assignments and a friendly work atmosphere. It’s one of the reasons most of our staff are long-term employees. With so many ways to build work relationships and give back to our community, staff in our Anchorage office enjoy a group summer BBQ, annual ski trip, Bike to Work celebrations, and attending career fairs. Anchorage is surrounded by exciting outdoor opportunities including camping, hiking, biking, fishing, skiing, golfing, scenic drives, glaciers, national parks and wildlife viewing. Also offering, a vibrant arts community, surrounded by many restaurants and shops, Anchorage is a gem.

Responsibilities:
Comprehensive environmental consulting and/or engineering that includes planning, data assessment, reporting, overseeing field personnel, travel and field work, and/or sample collection.
Perform Phase I, II, & III Environmental Site Assessments.
Define scopes of service and prepare budgets and proposals.
Review, evaluate, and interpret environmental data and prepare summary reports.
Interact and communicate with clients, vendors, and staff at all levels in a professional manner.
Support business development and marketing activities, including preparation of cost proposals and presentations to existing and prospective clients.
Follow Shannon & Wilson’s Quality Assurance policy.
Follow and promote Shannon & Wilson’s Health & Safety and Loss Prevention policies and procedures.
Perform other duties as assigned by your supervisor.
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Geology, Hydrology, Civil, Chemical or Environmental Engineering, Chemistry, Biology, or other Natural Science; Master's Degree preferred.
7 to 14 years of experience
40-hour HAZWOPER training
Knowledge of Alaska environmental regulations.
Knowledge of RCRA, CERCLA, OSHA and other federal regulations.
Experience sampling soil, groundwater, and other media at contaminated sites.
Experience in hazardous waste and hazardous materials management.
Experience with environmental remediation technologies.
Experience on federal projects (HTRW, TERC, AFCEE, etc.).
Travel and year-round field work, with working hours more than 40 per week and weekends as needed.
Excellent writing, organizational, and communication skills required to effectively interact with clients and staff at all levels.
Must be personable, flexible, and professional.
Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision.
Must be willing and able to travel and support the needs of other Shannon & Wilson offices.
Must have and maintain a valid driver license and insurable driving record.
Basic computer skills: MS Word, MS Excel required.
This position requires critical thinking and analysis; frequent sitting, standing, walking, bending, and lifting and carrying 30+ pounds; working in all weather conditions; field visits per project needs; ability to travel (drive or fly) to other Shannon & Wilson offices and drive to and from job sites locally and out of state.
Other desirable skills and training based on previous experience:
Advanced computer skills: Access, ArcGIS, AutoCAD.
Experience with statistical analyses.
Experience with fate and transport modeling.
Experience with planning, logistics, and field work in remote locations.
Experience preparing SPCC Plans and SWPPPs.
Meet the requirements of an Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation Qualified Environmental Professional, as defined by 18 Alaska Administrative Code 75.333
Level Placement

Typically, depending on an applicant’s education, experience, other qualifications they possess, if they are a fit for the company and local office culture, and the current business needs, a Mid-Level Environmental Geologist/Engineer/Scientist typically would be placed at a Shannon & Wilson Senior Professional I, II, or III level.

Shannon & Wilson is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
https://www.paycomonline.net/v4/ats/web.php/jobs/ViewJobDetails?job=38323&clientkey=B3846FCE14DB1D56C33509DCE4268F1C
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.0,"Shannon & Wilson, Inc.
4.0","Anchorage, AK",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1954,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
40,Data Scientist,"$95k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist
In this role, you will be set on a constant “treasure hunt” for new data sources to apply the latest techniques for modeling and data analysis. You will be part of a team driving the profit and customer growth of this growing insurance agency.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Working with internal and external data to understand and accurately predict:
Shopping behavior;
Retention behavior;
Quote and conversion rates;
Retention and lifetime customer value;
Contribution to overall margin;
Customer satisfaction; and
Other drivers of success you identify worthy of analysis.
Qualifications and Education
Knowledge of new and innovative modeling and statistical techniques – a relevant specialty is preferred.
Detail orientation – attention and desire to work on large data “crunching” projects.
Strong written and oral communication skills and a proven ability to communicate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Creative thinker with the ability to synthesize information from various sources and apply that information to concrete business problems.
Ability to work with and understanding of the merits of various data structures.
Proficiency with the latest modeling software and techniques, such as SAS, R, Python or Tableau.
Ability to understand the need to balance predictive power, interpretability, and ease of implementation.

Education:
An advanced degree in mathematics, machine learning, economics, statistics or a related field.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
41,Data Engineer,-1,"You can make a salary. Or you can make a difference. Or you can work as a Data Engineer at Herman Miller and make both.

About this Opportunity
As a Data Engineer, you'll move and integrate data across multiple disparate systems. You will clean, normalize, and aggregate Herman Miller corporate reporting and analytics. You'll also provide support to functional areas by acting as expert in tools and methods for accessing, analyzing, and reporting corporate data.

What You'll Do
You'll have opportunities to speak up, solve problems, lead others, and be an owner every day as you...
Assist end users in reporting and analysis tools.
Collaborate with Analytics and Business Teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increase data accessibility, and foster data-driven decision making across the organization.
Define company data assets (data models).
Design data integrations and data quality framework.
Develop and maintain scalable data pipelines and build out new API integrations to support continuing increases in data volume and complexity.
Implement processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for the key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Perform data analysis to troubleshoot data-related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.
Work closely with a team of Application Developers, Architects, and Analysts.
Work closely with all Business Units and Software teams to develop strategy for long-term data platform architecture.
Write unit/integration tests and document work.
Perform additional responsibilities as requested to achieve business objectives.
Sound Like You?
You might be just who we’re looking for if you have...
A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.
Fully proficient retail and online retail data engineering abilities, typically gained through five years of working with Python/Java, SQL, working schema design, and dimensional data modeling.
At least five years of experience, or and equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems.
Experience working with cloud services and cloud data warehouses.
Experience with Snowflake, Matillion, Tableau, Business Objectives, and Net Suite (desirable).
The ability to manage and communicate data warehouse plans to internal clients.
Expert knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service.
Experience with or knowledge of Agile Software Development methodologies.
Advanced problem-solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to identify and solve complex business needs.
The ability to be process-oriented with great documentation skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of customer service.
The ability to perform all essential job functions of the position with or without accommodations.
Who We Are
At Herman Miller, our unique culture represents the collective attitudes, ideas, and experiences of the people who work here. We focus on protecting the environment, impacting our communities, exceeding the expectations of our customers through high quality products, and championing diversity in all areas of the business, and together we are on a journey toward a better world. We support the well-being of our employees in and outside of work by providing a variety of opportunities including award-winning work-life integration resources, development programs, complex health and wellness offerings, and much more.

Herman Miller is a globally recognized provider of furnishings and related technologies and services. Headquartered in West Michigan, we have relied on innovative design for over 100 years to solve problems for people wherever they work, live, learn, and heal.

Herman Miller is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer including veterans and people with disabilities.

Apply Now!",3.7,"Herman Miller
3.7",United States,-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1905,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
42,Marketing Data Analyst,"$34k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:
Can you work in a relationship with other people where it requires ongoing flexibility?
Do you have an upbeat, positive attitude?
Do you take pride in knowing you are helping to make things happen?

If you can answer yes to these questions, Idaho Central Credit Union may have an opportunity ideally suited for you.

As a Marketing Data Analyst, your primary function is to interpret credit union data, analyze results and implement decisions based on the data. You will be responsible for turning data into information and insight that aids in campaign and business decisions. Also you will be responsible for performing a range of functions in support of market research, market assessment and campaign implementation.

Responsibilities:

Assist in managing technical aspects of key marketing systems (marketing automation, CRM, data warehouse) used to generate, distribute, and report.
Establish and maintain scalable processes that ensure best practices in campaign and lead management.
Create and maintain metrics reports on marketing and sales activities, effectiveness, and business impact.
Analyze marketing and sales data to develop insights and make recommendations on areas for optimization
Monitor and maintain data quality within the marketing database.
Evaluate new technologies and add-on applications to improve and optimize marketing team performance.
Manage membership targeting to strengthen relationships, prevent attrition, and increase profitability.
Leverage web and email engagement to create member insight and data to help improve individual experiences with our digital channels.
Generate and govern segmentation efforts by developing queries and custom reports, target groups, and campaigns for product and service performance.
Track all marketing campaigns and provide meaningful analysis and insight for future efforts.
Analyze consumer segments and other demographic information from the membership database to provide insight for product development, usage, and cross-sell opportunities.
Manage third-party vendor integration with marketing systems including Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Integrator MCIF, Encompass CRM and Microsoft Power BI.
Represent the Credit Union at community events as needed.

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Mass Communication, Advertising or related field. 5-9 years of experience with database marketing required. Preferable experience with: Raddon Integrator MCIF, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Microsoft Power BI, SQL, and data warehouse experience. Strong analytical skills. Proficiency in marketing automation systems and integrating those systems with other technologies. Technically capable, excellent communicator and a desire to improve processes. Math skills, Secondary-level computer knowledge including Microsoft Office, especially Excel and pivot tables, etc. Ability to maintain the confidentiality of Credit Union and member records at all times. A demonstrated cooperative and positive attitude toward members and other Credit Union staff. Professional in appearance, attendance, quality, and quantity of work performed. Ability to analyze member needs, develop, and coordinate marketing activities to fit member needs with Credit Union products and services. Must be willing to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act and USA Patriot Act as implemented by Idaho Central Credit Union. Team member will be asked to work extended/unique hours.

Perform tasks requiring manual dexterity (processing paperwork, filing, stapling, sorting, collating, typing, counting cash, etc.) Sit for extended periods of time. Lift 20-40 pounds of office supplies (copy paper, computer paper, mail, etc). Some heavy lifting may be required in order to execute proper event logistics. Repetitive motion using wrists, hands, and fingers. Reach keyboards. Ability to operate basic office machines (calculator, computer, telephone, copy machine, fax machine, etc).

Must be eligible for membership at Idaho Central Credit Union to obtain employment.

EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability

Idaho Central Credit Union is a dynamic financial institution that is focused on helping our members achieve financial success. Established in 1940 we have become the largest and fastest growing financial institution in the state of Idaho. ICCU was voted for large companies the Best Place to work in Idaho. We have also been named by S&P Global Market Intelligence as the top performing credit union in the nation. We are a talent based organization looking for talented individuals to help our members achieve financial success.",4.2,"Idaho Central Credit Union
4.2","Chubbuck, ID",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1940,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
43,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Machine Learning Engineer Northern, VA

Machine Learning Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Machine Learning (ML) Engineers to produce automated anomaly/object detection and characterization, forecasting, optimization, and recommendation solutions to national security challenges using modular, cloud-native, API-centric approaches. These solutions will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on incorporating machine learning insights to automate and scale analysis and improve decision support. Teams will be working in a highly collaborative environment and expected to identify opportunities to apply and improve data-driven insights and support related design and development within big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Engage with mission owners/operators to discover applications for ML, set project expectations, define requirements, and review results
Design and develop reusable workflows for data integration, transformation, and feature engineering required to train models
Train and validate models, often in big data, distributed environments
Perform exploratory data analysis to understand data and model-derived insights
Perform model introspection to understand model behaviors and explain predictions
Visualize data and model-derived insights to communicate internally and externally
Integrate models into operational systems
Lead trade studies, analyses of alternatives, and assessments of existing systems
Develops or provides input to engineering artifacts
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 5 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Ability to describe the data assumptions and processing steps of common machine learning methods, and which methods are appropriate for a variety of use cases
Expertise with ML libraries, like Scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy, PySpark, MXNet, MLib, and Weka
Experience with ML platforms, like KNIME, Spark, SageMaker, H2O, and TensorFlow
Familiarity with Java, Python, and SQL including related ecosystems and frameworks, like Eclipse and Jupyter Notebook
Familiarity with visualization tools, preferably Qlik, Tableau, Plotly, Kibana, Matplotlib, and QGis
Strong problem-solving skills
Strong written and oral communications skills
Able to work independently and self-identify tasks
Ability to review and maintain existing code and applications
Ability to research and evaluate new concepts and processes to improve performance
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with time series forecasting
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Machine Learning Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
44,"Senior Data Scientist, Zoro",-1,"Company Summary:
Zoro.com is an eCommerce company that sells business supplies, equipment, and tools—but we’re much more than just a website. We’re a team of people who win and lose together (we prefer winning!). Since 2011, Zoro has been working hard to make it easy for our customers to purchase everything they need to make their businesses go. Zoro currently offers 3 million products, fast and free shipping, no-hassle returns, and exceptional customer service. We’ve grown quickly in a short time, recently surpassing 400 team members and reaching annual revenue of over $500 million. Add to that our award-winning culture—we were named a Great Place to Work for 2019-20, among other accolades—and we think Zoro is a pretty amazing place to work and grow.

Primary Function:
Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of Zoro’s customer, product, eCommerce, and pricing plans. The Data Science team covers a broad scope of projects including customer segmentation, A/B testing, marketing investment optimization, predictive modeling, promotion forecasting, and pricing analysis. We are closely integrated with our business leaders and support their ability to make critical decisions. At Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead data science projects from beginning to end: develop and refine the idea, create a project plan and methodology, collaborate with business partners, execute, and provide recommendations for the company
Collaborate with other data scientists to develop and implement algorithms, write code, evaluate relevant academic research, and deliver outputs
Advise the company about tools, data sources, and best practices to facilitate digital marketing, pricing, and web analytics
Build predictive and inference models using Python and R to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, or channel investment optimization
Document code and data science processes that are critical to the company, and develop strategies to ensure those processes are robust and fault-tolerant
Communicate findings to business leaders and colleagues using data visualizations, presentations, and written means

Qualifications:

Experience leading data science projects that have a direct impact on company objectives
Demonstrated ability to assist business decision-making through data mining and machine learning
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions
5+ years’ progressive business experience in areas including marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, or statistical modeling. Experience using data science or advanced analytics in an Internet retailer or a top-tier consumer-focused company is required
Ability to translate complex business problems into project plans and solve them by analyzing large amounts of data
Familiarity with Python or R for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and cloud-hosted data platforms (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, etc)
Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker, and ability to communicate results to business partners
Master’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, or Economics
Knowledge of web tracking technology and web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) a definite plus

Final note: We share a commitment to our Zoro values – Win & Lose Together (We prefer winning!), Take Ownership, We Are Transparent, and Aspire to be Customer-Obsessed. Everything we do at Zoro is centered around delighting our customers. It's a natural extension of our company culture and how we care for each other. We believe when we act in ways that are consistent with these values, we can solve any technical challenge that lies ahead of us. As a Zoro employee, you can expect to work with smart, energetic people, learn something every day, and be valued for your perspective.

Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.",2.0,"Zoro Tools
2.0","Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
45,STAFF SCIENTIST,"$24k-$51k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: Staff Scientist

Requisition Number: 2020-2410-09

S&ME is an employee-owned engineering firm that provides civil, geotechnical, environmental, planning, landscape architecture, survey and construction services. Consistently ranked in the top 100 of ENR's Top 500 Design Firms, our markets are diverse and include transportation, energy, water/wastewater, commercial development, industry, healthcare, education and government. We recruit top talent and are currently seeking a Staff Scientist to join our team in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

The individual will perform field and office work associated with environment evaluations. Field work will include: soil sampling, groundwater sampling, surface water sampling, sediment sampling, wetland delineations, stream classifications, and fauna/flora identification. Other responsibilities include completing data entry to capture field activities, and the preparation of standard environmental reports. This individual will be expected to maintain knowledge of, and compliance with, regulatory requirements by attending environmental or natural resources training courses, or other in-house trainings. This position will require some travel and overnight stays.

Qualifications:
BS in environmental science, geology, biology, chemistry or related field;
2-4 years field experience in related field;
Ability to work outdoors in varying weather conditions;
Ability and willingness to accommodate overnight and out-of-town assignments;
Good technical writing, verbal communication, and computer skills.
This is a full-time position with competitive pay based on experience. Successful candidate must meet requirements of the company's Fleet Management Program, Substance Policy and Reference Check program. Submit resume, cover letter, and salary expectations for consideration. Only qualified candidates with acceptable employment eligibility verification (I-9) will be considered. Visa assistance not provided. S&ME reserves the right to fill this position with an internal or external candidate at any time during the search. S&ME is not responsible for unauthorized job postings or submissions of resumes using external links/websites.

No candidate/recruiter calls, personal calls or walk-ins accepted.

An Equal Opportunity Employer.

Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.7,"S&ME, Inc.
3.7","Chattanooga, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
46,Epidemiologist- Data Analyst,-1,"Description

Instructs all levels of Enterprise-Wide information system managers and users, including but not limited to CHAS application users, on various epidemiology and database applications.

Coordinates database; create user profiles; query system to produce reports; perform data cleaning and quality control, and maintain data dictionary statistics.
Develop and implement empirically sound data analysis plans in keeping with evaluation and research questions.
Perform routine and complex statistical analysis, ensuring statistical integrity and efficiency using statistical software, such as Statistical Package Social Sciences (SPSS), R+, or Statistical Analysis Software (SAS).
Coordinate all data collection and entry activities, ensuring minimum data integrity standards and completion of tasks in a timely manner.
Identify data entry barriers, working with program staff to research and address issues.
Collaborate with staff to implement data entry plans, scheduling, and monitoring completion of tasks; recommend strategies for optimizing and integrating data across multiple platforms.
Analyze reports of data duplicates or other errors to provide ongoing appropriate communication with staff.
Generate routine and ad hoc reports, charts, and other department presentation materials.
Provide support to develop new data collection instruments and pilot testing.
Implement or support all research and program evaluation projects, including writing evaluation plans and research proposals, publications, and researching grant opportunities.
Update evaluation data; provide to staff requests for data; and conduct routine e-literature search.
Identify and interpret trends and patterns in complex data sets. Develop and conduct surveys and focus groups, and gather other forms of qualitative data, including participant recruitment, volunteer training, and scheduling.
Research and provide surveillance accounts of emerging research findings in the field as they relate to key areas.
Develop and design systems based or automated solutions to enable data collection, tracking, and reporting.
Engage operational and Line of Air Force (LAF) leadership and functional managers where necessary to identify and procure data sharing and user agreements.

Minimum Qualification and Experience:

Expert knowledge of statistical software to perform complex statistical analysis and to compute data, including regression and modeling, required.
Minimum of four (4) years of experience, preferably within the last five (5) years working in a similar public health role, conducting epidemiologic research and/or program evaluation and statistical analysis preferred.

Education: Master’s degree required in any one of these areas: Epidemiology, Biostatistics/Statistics, Public Health, or closely related fields.

The position is contingent on contract award.

CITIZENSHIP AND CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:

Must be eligible to work in the US.
Must be able to pass a National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI).

ASI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We E-Verify all employees.

Competitive market-based salary, commensurate with experience and education
Comprehensive benefits available (Medical, Dental, PTO, 401k etc).",2.5,"1st American
2.5","San Antonio, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
47,Senior Machine Learning Engineer,"Employer Provided Salary:
$125k-$150k","SkySync is a dynamic, fast-paced, venture-backed software innovator based in the Ann Arbor tech cluster, with remote Syncopaths in all US time zones. Our quirky and unique workforce excels at managing our customers’ content migration, synchronization, and orchestration challenges like no other in our space. We are poised for rapid growth and need a Machine Learning Engineer to contribute to building a large-scale machine learning, natural language processing (NLP) system and developing our understanding of the data we encounter. This role will be a cross between an ML/NLP researcher and a software engineer, and good candidates will have prior experience doing both. We are looking for someone from the southeastern Michigan area and preference will be given to candidates within this geographic location.

You’ll be doing a lot of this:
Rapidly iterating over different techniques in a solution space, and effectively analyzing the performance of models on various tasks
Contributing to several large-scale production machine learning and natural language processing efforts
Developing and building guidelines for evaluation datasets
Understanding the decision-making process, workflows, and business and information needs of business unit heads and service manager/owners
Translating business needs into analytics/reporting requirements to support executive decisions and workflows with required information
Visualizing information and developing engaging reports on the results of experiments
Advising product teams on new products, features or updates through evidence-based recommendations
Supporting user experience specialists and information architects to enhance information visualization through the development of dashboards and user interfaces
Distributing best practices to analytics and product teams and provides consultations for their data-based experimentations
Other duties as assigned
So you should have this:
Up-to-date knowledge of machine learning, natural language processing (NLP), and data analytics tools and techniques
Strong knowledge of Python, and related machine learning tools (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch)
Strong experience with Docker, AWS
Familiarity with current SOTA NLP models like BERT
4+ years of work experience with Python and machine learning
Willingness and ability to learn new technologies on the job
Demonstrated ability to communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences
Demonstrated ability to work with minimal supervision
Experience building and deploying predictive models, web scraping, and scalable data pipelines
Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, statistics, or related fields preferred
Ability to think critically while solving problems in a rapidly changing product
Nice to have:
Publications from ML/NLP venues such as ACL, NAACL, EMNLP, NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR

This position is a great fit for you if you like keeping up with the cutting edge of machine learning and NLP and helping build a position and product from the ground up. Knowing how to engage with new challenges daily and handle competing priorities is a must.
This position is not a great fit for you if you like established processes for every situation or a static set of duties and responsibilities.

Qualities Needed for Success
Excellent listening, writing, and professional communication skills are a must. You should be able to demonstrate proficiency in most of the duties and responsibilities listed above. In our fast-paced world, a great attitude combined with enthusiasm is key to individual success along with embodying our entrepreneurial spirit.",5.0,"SkySync
5.0","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
48,Environmental Project Scientist - Level II,-1,"Ransom Consulting is seeking an experienced *Environmental Project Scientist (Level II) *to join our team of environmental scientists and engineers. The Project Scientist will bring their strong knowledge of environmental and geological principles to assess and oversee complex environmental contamination scenarios.

Responsibilities will include:
Oversees site drilling and sampling including site preparation, determination of well and boring placement, and coordination and providing direction to subcontractors on site (drillers, excavators, etc.) to ensure that work is completed timely and according to Scope of Work (SOW) and applicable regulations. Uses experience and judgment to make decisions on increasingly complex technical issues related to the project.
Conducts site reconnaissance to identify contaminants and other environmental risks as well as collecting and compiling documents to support of due diligence reports.
Develops and presents findings and recommendations using approved templates and formats (e.g. tables, project logs, site data) and in accordance with the QA/QC process. Prepares all letters and reports for the project ensuring accuracy, formatting consistency, etc. and presents to the Sr. Project Manager for final review/approval before presentation to client.
Provides peer review of reports/letters, etc. within technical capability and expertise.
Provides training to staff on appropriate field work procedures and equipment operation, as well as documentation and analysis of findings.
Follows designated procedures for sampling and data collection to ensure thorough analysis and presentation of site risk.
Follows all health and safety protocols.
Successful candidates will have:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in environmentally oriented field (geology, environmental science, hydrology, engineering, etc.). Master’s degree preferred.
3-6 years of experience in a scientist/engineering role.
Understanding of environmental and geologic principles relative to environmental contamination and remediation.
Extensive knowledge of federal, state and local environmental regulations. Ability to research and develop understanding and application of new regulations or regulations in a new technical area.
Skilled with field sampling equipment operation and application; field screening procedures, sample collection procedures and subsurface investigation methods.
Ability to train staff on equipment, procedures, and SOPs.
Ability to confidently lead staff and contractors on multiple, complex site events to successful completion.
Ability to collect and interpret data, draw preliminary conclusions, and make recommendations based on understanding of project and client requirements.
Strong writing skills and the ability to present complex technical information in audience appropriate language and format.
Strong interpersonal skills to work effectively with co-workers, clients, sub-contractors, vendors to meet project objectives.
Physical Requirements and Work Conditions
The position includes field and office work (app. 60/40). For field work, employees must be able to stand, walk, and use arms and hands to operate equipment. Employee must be able to work in a variety of temperatures and weather conditions (cold, heat, rain, snow) and lift standard field equipment and supplies of up to 50 pounds alone or collaboratively.
The employee is required to drive to job sites and must have the ability to travel on short notice as well as the ability to travel to locations that may be 2-3 hours from the home office on a regular basis. There may be occasional overnight travel.
A valid driver’s license and reliable transportation is required. (A driver’s license check will be conducted upon hire and annually thereafter).
Noise protection and other PPE, including protective clothing or respirator, may be required on job sites.
Employee must maintain OSHA HAZWOPER certification and participate in the Medical Monitoring program.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
Ransom has implemented full infection control and response plans for our offices and for when employees do field work that reflect CDC guidance.

Experience:
environmental science: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
Driver's License (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
If you do not currently live within commuting distance of Providence, please describe your relocation plans.
Company's website:
www.ransomenv.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Ransom Consulting Engineers and Scientists,"Providence, RI",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
49,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence Early Career,"$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311096

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.
*Minimum Qualifications**
Bachelor's with 0-1 years of experience or a Master's degree with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-20_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-19_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
50,Data Engineer,-1,"At Moser Consulting, a data engineer / bi engineer, performs advanced (senior-level) data analysis and data engineering work. Work involves leading initiatives to create data analytics-driven solutions for critical business objectives. This position represents the data management team to our business partners, and brings technical expertise to citizen BI and data analytics teams across the agency. Sr Consultants may supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgement. Consultants will have supervision and likely work with or under the direction of a Principal or Senior Consultant.
Works closely with customers regarding their specific data needs to develop the requirements for data subject areas needed.
Captures the inventory of data sources and dashboards to prepare and manage integrated data.
Acts as the IT knowledge leader on data warehousing and data analytics to the business.
Ensures data warehouse implementations meet business expectations and coordinates customer acceptance testing and training.
Ensures the customer can exploit the data warehouse solutions and helps identify additional possible uses of information; anticipates future needs and opportunities.
Assists in the identification and integration of potential new data sources.
Designs and develops ELT pipelines that extract data from various sources and load into the data warehouse or other systems.
Ensures that controls to verify the accuracy and consistency of data are implemented and monitored.
Provides ongoing operational support of the enterprise data warehouse, continued development and enhancement of the data warehouse, automation of daily data extracts and external system feeds, and development and enhancement of current dashboards.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer information systems, computer science, data management, information systems or information science or a related field.
High School diploma or equivalent and additional directly related experience may substitute for the required education on a year-for-year basis.
Six (6) years of experience in data warehouse, including dimensional modeling, ETL/ELT pipeline design & development, data management, data analysis, process measurement, and metrics management, or a related discipline.
Two (2) years of experience working closely with business analytics teams and data analysts, including PowerBI (or equivalent) experience with financial and accounting data.
Successful track record of Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse solution implementations (design, implementation, data visualization and ongoing support/maintenance) with extensive interaction with business users.
Emerging data and analytics technologies
Cloud platforms and development patterns
Relational and non-relational data structures, theories, principles, and practices.
Metadata management and associated processes.
Data encryption and secure transmission practices (SSL, SSH, SFTP, Certificates, PKI, OAUTH2).
Machine-learning, statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, predictive analytics.
Microsoft/Azure Certifications, Snowflake Certifications are beneficial.
Preferred Locations: Indianapolis, IN and Baltimore, MD
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
51,Software Engineer - Data Science,"$60k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels with Data Science experience. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for assisting in solving real world problems using data science techniques. The candidate should be experienced with exploratory data analysis, machine learning, network graph modeling, information insight, data mining, data driven analytics and statistical methods.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop and deploy software solutions
Self-motivated and have a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Working directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems
Creating and deploying predictive models from a wide variety of data sources and types using the latest mathematical and statistical methods
Performing enterprise level software development, integration, and implementation using advanced data science or big data technologies
Establishing and implementing end-to-end proof of concepts
Performing data mining, statistical analysis, predictive modeling and simulation, and forecasting for the development of solutions
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams using documentation, presentations, and demonstrations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design and development of data science software applications
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Experience with Exploratory Data Analysis including wrangling, grooming, transformation, and analysis
Experience applying statistical methods to solve data problems
Software development programming experience in languages such as Python, R, Java, Scala
Experience using IDE tools such as Jupyter to develop and demonstrate results
Experience with integrating and using Data Science libraries such as scikit-learn, MlLib, Pandas, python (Jupyter, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.), R, Java
Experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques
Experience with Agile development and Agile tools (i.e. Jira, Confluence)
Experience within the SIGINT mission environment and an understanding of customer data formats
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Experience using large-scale distributed frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, Tensorflow
Experience with GPU-based machine learning techniques


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
52,LabVIEW Developer/Architect (Control & Data Acquisition Engineer),"$70k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Your Opportunity: *
As a LabVIEW developer/architect (controls and data acquisition engineer) you will work with Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) in delivering a new National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) flash X-ray radiography capability at the Nevada National Security Site (NNSS) for the Advanced Sources and Detectors Project (ASD). This radiography capability is a multi-pulse linear induction accelerator, Scorpius, to be commissioned at the NNSSs U1a Complex by 2024. A national project team comprised of personnel from LANL, Sandia National Laboratory (SNL), Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), and Nevada National Security Site (NNSS), as well as academic and industrial partners, will research, design, build, install, and commission Scorpius to fulfill the Department of Energy (DOE) National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) subcritical experiment program mission needs. The LANL ASD Technical Development office (ASD-TECH) is responsible for coordinating and executing these activities.

You will be working with the technical leads for various Scorpius systems to support the design and development of instrumentation and control systems, process control systems, and data acquisition systems. You will also assist with the design and documentation of key elements such as the control room layout, network layout, controls schematics while working collaboratively with a large team of scientists, vendors, and engineers to provide instrumentation and controls systems and data acquisition systems for various Scorpius systems. Your work will have a signification impact on our nations safety and security.
What You will Do: *
Develop instrumentation and controls software utilizing LabVIEW when possible to automate operation of process controls equipment and accelerator components.

Assist with design and testing of a virtual Scorpius software emulator.

Design and develop instrumentation and controls, and data acquisition systems for the downstream transport, detector and global controls systems while working under the direct supervision of a Lead Controls Engineer.

Develop and revise design drawings and instrumentation and controls schematics using Autocad or Autocad Electrical.

Assist with design and layout drawings and schematics for various systems within Scorpius project.

Involvement with vendor and SMEs in acquiring requirements and design of control software to be developed and integrated into the overall global control system for Scorpius.

Produce materials for technical reports, documents, presentations, and concept papers.

Partner with multiple engineering disciplines to accomplish the work.
What You Will Need: *
Certified LabVIEW Developer or LabVIEW Architect.

10 years of experience with NI LabVIEW and in the design and implementation of signal conditioning electronics, analog and digital I/O, and software development.

Bachelors degree in engineering (Electrical, Mechanical, or Chemical preferred) or equivalent work experience.

Experience with Ethernet industrial communications, RS485 and RS232 communications.

Experience and knowledge of equipment rack design, power supplies, and electrical power distribution.

Experiences with NI hardware platforms including CompactRIO, CompactDAQ, and/or PXI.

Experience with the design and development of Data Acquisition hardware such as NI hardware, LabVIEW PXI chassis, various interface cards, oscilloscopes, and digital multi-meters.

Experience with LabVIEW development to include custom drivers for various equipment, FPGA development and troubleshooting.

Able to define, design, develop, test, debug, and maintain LabVIEW code for machine control software.

Proficient with AutoCAD or AutoCAD electrical.

Excellent verbal, interpersonal, and written communication skills.

Motivated self-starter with strong attention to detail and ability to work independently.

Accelerator experience is preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity: *
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
What We Offer: *
We know benefits are important to you. Therefore, we offer an array of excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, generous paid time off policy, and 401(k) employer contribution. Furthermore, you will have access to a health savings plan, flexible spending plan, and superior paid holidays offering.

TechSource has been providing superior science and engineering consulting services to a multitude of government clients for over twenty years in several locations across the United States. We are passionate about our people because we know our people are what drives our success. We believe that trust is the key to our relationships with our clients, our communities, and our people. We pride ourselves on our honesty, our ethical behavior, and our open and straightforward communication. Integrity is at the core of everything that we do.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
LabVIEW: 10 years (Required)
instrumentation and controls: 10 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://techsource-inc.com/about/careers
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.5,"TechSource, Inc.
4.5","Los Alamos, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
53,Data Scientist (Remote/ Virtual),-1,"We Are Hiring

This is a remote opportunity to join our growing and innovative Ascension Data Science Institute!

The Ascension Data Sciences Institute (ADSI) was created in July 2019 with the mission of supporting Ascension in achieving its Quadruple Aim with uniquely skilled, high-performing associates who develop analyses, models and applications to enable Ascension in providing higher value healthcare and making strategic decisions. ADSI is comprised of 6 domains addressing 1) Clinical quality and patient safety; 2) Health Economics and Clinical Outcomes; 3) Strategic Operations and Financial Analytics; 4) Actuarial and Managed Care Analytics; 5) Registry Abstraction Healthcare Solutions; and 6) Healthcare Data Intelligence. We recognize that the healthcare environment is a complex ecosystem of rapidly evolving clinical and economic practices that affect patient and provider experience and demands increasingly sophisticated and complex measurement. Our objective is for advanced analytics and data science to play a critical and foundational role in the transformation of care delivery, quality and financial outcomes to enable our organization’s competitive advantage. To meet these objectives, Ascension is investing in its analytics capabilities and the following positions have been opened to address this expansion.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creating efficient algorithms, and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Integrates data from multiple sources and supports/performs complex statistical data analysis including multivariate statistical analysis, multilevel modeling, dyadic analysis and/or coarsened exact matching analysis.
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support.
Identifies, defines, directs and performs project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less experienced staff.
Presents data to drive business decisions.
Proposes and leads projects required to support the development of the organization's data infrastructure needs.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes structured and unstructured data for business insight.
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools.
What You Will Need

Education:

High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Computer or Information Science, Physics, Behavioral and Social Sciences or other related technical or quantitative fields strongly preferred.
Master's level or higher is strongly preferred.
Preferred Skills:
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF)
Advanced modeling and statistical knowledge one or more of the following areas: multivariate analysis, logistic regression, poisson and negative binomial regression, experimental design, structural equation modeling, principal component analysis, educational measurement, psychometrics, factor analysis, mathematical modeling, simulation, operations research, optimization
Experience writing the methodology sections of research publications in academic or industry settings strongly preferred
Experience with conducting research in human behavior, medical sciences, behavioral sciences, associate or patient experience, education, business, clinical operations, performance improvement, process optimization and/or healthcare preferred
Web and social media analytics
Sentiment analysis
Text mining and natural language processing knowledge strongly preferred
Consulting experience with external clients or internal stakeholders
Presentation and storytelling skills
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
54,Data Scientist,-1,"Artlin Consulting is seeking motivated individuals who are passionate about helping clients achieve excellence. Qualified candidates will have a creative, holistic, and systematic approach to problem-solving.

The intermediate data scientist with solid data analytics and science expertise. The Defense Acquisition Data Scientist will be a key contributor on an Executive-level Department of Defense Analytic team, leveraging knowledge of data science, methodologies, and processing techniques to support analytics and gather data from disparate Federal, Defense and public databases in support of Major Weapon System acquisition and program management. As the Data Scientist, you will work with Department leadership and a diverse analytical research cell.

Position Responsibilities:
Leverage technical and analytical expertise to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Apply technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Create informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Document and visualize data both temporally and spatially, and present data to managers.
Create and provide informational briefings that are required to explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Investigate and implement new scientific analysis and methodologies to support data analytics efforts and stay current with evolving technologies and capabilities.
Complete ad hoc data extract and reporting tasks as requested by organizational leaders.
Perform data extracts and loads from source data systems to analytical data stores.
Work with business leaders to solve business problems by understanding, preparing, and analyzing data to predict emerging trends and provide recommendations to optimize business results.
Experience Level:
Bachelor's Degree Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or other business-related field, Master's Degree preferred
2+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience, DoD/Federal Government experience preferred.
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment
Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audience
Proven ability working successfully in a collaborative and diverse environment
Experience interacting with Senior Leadership
Secret Security Clearance and above for this role
Tools and Proficiency Level:
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar - Required
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar - Desired
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational systems
Big data and cloud processing experience
Experience working in a cloud based environment
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint
MS Access, SQL Server, SharePoint, and Visual Basic programming knowledge is a plus
Position Overview:
Applies technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Creates informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Required Education/Experience/Skills:
Active DoD Secret security clearance.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
2+ years of relevant work experience.
Strong team-building skills as well as confidence when working with senior leadership and peers.
Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) Tools such as MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar.
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting, and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational system.
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint.
Desired Education/Experience/Skills:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar.
Big data and cloud processing experience.
SQL Database experience.
DoD/Federal Government experience.
Artlin Consulting, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.1,"Artlin Consulting
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
55,Data Scientist,"$116k-$181k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Zynga is a leading developer of the world’s most popular social games that are played by people around the world every single day. To-date, more than 1 billion people have played our games across Web and mobile, including Words With Friends, FarmVille, Zynga Poker, Merge Dragons, Empires & Puzzles, Hit it Rich! Slots and CSR.

Zynga’s Marketing Data Science and Analytics team uses our outstanding and expansive data to deliver fundamental insights on who our audience is, how they engage with our games, and what are the best ways to acquire them. We strive for a better understanding of our players which translates into challenges and features that delight them.

Here’s where you would come in: identify and formalize problems related to campaign optimization. Design and develop systems and services to optimize campaigns at scale. Be innovative, be creative, use every bit of that key commodity – data. Millions of people play Zynga games every day, so our data is tremendously rich, and we have a lot of it!

We will rely on you to communicate your findings to your peers – both technical and non-technical. Your solutions to difficult problems will need to be demonstrably impactful, visual and maintainable. You will collaborate with engineering teams to build proof-of-concept and MVPs of campaign bidders and optimizers. You will collaborate with User Acquisition Managers, Product Managers, and Engineers to deliver business impact.

Responsibilities:
Design and implement scalable systems and models to experiment with campaigns and creatives across channels and acquire users at scale
Work with large amounts of data to find and realize opportunities to acquire and re-target users profitably delivering unambiguous business metric impact
Craft effective campaign strategies to acquire users across a multitude of user acquisition channels
Drive and empower user acquisition team to make quantitatively informed, evidence based decisions - through custom visualizations, and ETLs to augment user data
Design, test, verify and implement machine learning models with Zynga’s games that impact millions of users. Models may include but not limited to LTV modelling, campaign bid recommendations, budget allocation, clustering/segmentation, forecasting, fraud detection, and / or reinforcement learning
Build prototypes and MVPs of services and applications that improve effectiveness of campaigns, creatives, ad networks and/or user segments.
Required Skills and Experience:
B.S. or B.A. in Math, Statistics, Comp Sci, Engineering, or other quantitative field required; Masters, MBA or PhD preferred
5+ years of relevant work experience in data science or analytics role in a Marketing Analytics or a User Acquisition Analytics Team
Familiar with mobile performance marketing and/or user acquisition landscape
Strong experience in SQL;
Proficient in Python; Proven fundamental programming skills (algorithms, data structures, OOP, OS, Networking, AWS Cloud); Ability to design distributed systems
Ability to build and maintain software services and systems at scale; experience in deploying services in at least one cloud provider (AWS, Google Cloud or Azure)
Proven experience with some of the following: machine learning, predictive modeling, deep learning
Experience in analyzing large datasets, preferably in a Hadoop or Spark environment, and deploying production ready systems at scale
Strong written and oral communication skills
Strong passion for gaming and performance marketing!
Zynga is an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our broad community; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. We welcome job-seekers, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds. Join us!

We will consider all qualified job-seekers with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.

Zynga is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need an accommodation during the interview process, please let us know.",4.1,"Zynga
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
56,CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst,"Employer Provided Salary:
$50k-$70k","We are hiring an experienced CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst to help us keep growing.
If you’re dedicated and ambitious, Eye-bot is an excellent place to grow your career. Don’t hesitate to apply.
Required Qualifications
Minimum of 5 years of experience preparing existing conditions’ surveys
Proficient with the following software’s:
Microstation / OpenRoads
ContextCapture
AutoCAD / Civil3D
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Teams, etc.)
Google Earth Pro
Photogrammetric and/or LiDAR point clouds, Topography, Point classification, and DTM/DSM processing
Triangular Irregular Networks (T.I.N.) / Contours
Preferred Qualifications
Boundary and ALTA/NSPS Land Title surveys
Photogrammetric Mapping Experience
Working knowledge of conventional surveying equipment and GPS
Experience using terrestrial/mobile LiDAR, and Unmanned Aerial Systems
Adobe Creative Suite
Bluebeam pdf editor
Understanding trigonometric mathematics and data collection used in surveying
Understanding and applications using and applying different coordinate systems and projections.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Coordinate with project managers to ensure that multiple projects with simultaneous deadlines are completed on schedule (manage workloads and tasks for self and others)
Communicate with project teams via email and phone regularly throughout the design process
Field-to-Finish data import field data to create CAD files for various uses in engineering, design, and construction in both 2D and 3D CAD environments.
CAD drafting skills; knowledge regarding land surveying; courthouse research
Point cloud processing, Point classification, DTM/DSM surface creation
Develop quality products, using industry and client standards under the direct supervision of a Professional Land Surveyor
Position Details
Competitive compensation
Casual attire throughout the week
Friendly, open, and team-oriented work atmosphere
Excellent benefits for full-time employees including medical, vision, and dental
Eye-bot is an equal opportunity employer",5.0,"Eye-bot Aerial Solutions
5.0","New Kensington, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
57,Web Data Analyst,"$65k-$79k
(Employer Est.)","Web Data Analyst
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Our customer promise is worth bragging about. Use your marketing and advertising expertise to spread the word and grow our business.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Collect web data and statistics for Uline’s various eCommerce websites (Uline.com, Uline.ca and Uline.mx).
Analyze data and provide weekly and monthly reports to management.
Make recommendations to improve website and reduce return rates.
Translate complex and analytical work into easy to understand data points.
Respond to ad hoc reporting requests and maintain relationships with various departments.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Experience using Google Analytics or Adobe Analytics.
Experience using a data visualization tool such as Power BI or Tableau.
2+ years experience in website analysis.
Proficient in Microsoft Excel with some knowledge of SQL and / or Google BigQuery.
Well organized and detail-oriented with an ability to multitask.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.

Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.

Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-SR1
#CORP",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Milwaukee, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
58,Data Scientist for Detector Physics,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311174

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Signature Science and Technology Division

Group: Detection Physics
*Job Description**
The Detection Physics Group within the National Security Directorate at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a research scientist who will focus on studies of radiation detection physics using Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning (AI/ML) techniques. The Detection Physics Group includes research ranging from low background and high energy fundamental particle physics to radiation detection related to non-proliferation and national security applications. This position will focus on the expanding role of AI/ML within the group. It will provide the opportunity to perform analysis of data from existing experimental setups, and to propose, develop, and demonstrate relevant techniques on new data sets for advanced applications.

Major duties and responsibilities: Contribute to the development of the analysis of a variety of types of radiation detectors and experiments. Perform, analyze, and interpret detector characterizations for detectors of interest, including semiconductor detectors, scintillators, proportional counters, silicon photomultipliers, and others. Develop a detector-physics-focused AI/ML strategy with an eye toward fostering new funding streams and research directions. Engage in research activities with the broader AI/ML community at PNNL.
*The hiring level will be determined based on the education, experience and skill set of the successful candidate based on the following:**
*Level 2:** Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Builds productive internal/external working relationships. Works under general supervision. Follows established procedures. Infrequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts on routine matters.
*Level 3:** A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. This job is the fully qualified, careeroriented, journey-level position. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Frequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 2 years of experience, or Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or PhD with 0 years of experience.

+ Programming capability with languages such as C/C++, Python, MatLab, and R.

+ Experience with ""standard"" and AI/ML data analysis techniques.

+ Experience with particle detection software and hardware.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with at least 5 years of well-aligned prior experience or a masters degree with 3 years of relevant experience or a PhD degree with at least 1 year of experience.

+ PhD in experimental nuclear or high energy particle physics, or related fields.

+ Experience with software tools such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, and Keras.

+ Experience with data analysis and simulation packages such as ROOT, Geant4, and MCNP.

+ Implementation experience with high-performance parallel codes and/or accelerators (FPGAs/GPUs).

+ High level of motivation and ability to work with, form, and lead collaborative research teams.

+ Adaptability to thrive in a rapidly evolving, multitasked, research environment.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Detection Physics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-09_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-12-08_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
59,Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Data Scientist,"$68k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The Aviation Safety & Analysis department is individuals with interest in applying their data science skills to deep and challenging problems in the aviation domain. We have a treasure trove of data including time series, text and sensor data and challenging problems to solve. We are seeking skills in machine learning, deep learning, text mining, big data and software/application development.

If Sklearn, pyTorch, Keras,TensorFlow, LSTM, LDA, anomaly detection, entity extraction, summarization mean something to you, we want to talk to you. You are not required to have skills in all of these but should have hands-on skill in at least one area and the ability to dive deep in the data, and learn the necessary skills to get the job done.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system.

The candidate will be responsible for supporting a team of more senior AI/ML staff and Data Scientists in the following tasks:
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with Domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions in their studies
Excellent Communication Skills (with the abilty to explain developed tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Ability to formulate operational problems in aviation domain as technical problems that allows for reuse of leading research in the area.
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team

Preferred Qualifications:
1 to 2 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch,Mxnet etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, MEAN stack - MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS, NodeJS).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization , search (e.g. ELK Stack) , entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintain good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
60,Machine Learning Engineer,"$76k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Machine Learning Engineer

US Citizenship is required due to security clearance requirements.

Are you a motivated engineer who is passionate about embracing new challenges and solving the hardest technical problems in a team-oriented environment? Every day, the engineers at Expedition Technology work together to solve our Nations defense and intelligence challenges by using Machine Learning and Deep Learning to demystify data obtained from signals and images.

Our applied research and development mindset afford our people the opportunity to work on the most cutting-edge methods of optimizing deep learning networks, developing state-of-the-art algorithms and ultimately producing software products that are critical to our nations defense infrastructure.

The success we have already achieved has made Expedition Technology one of the top Machine Learning/Deep Learning research organizations in the Defense and Intelligence communities and we need additional intelligent, passionate, creative people to join our team.

When you join our team, youll have the opportunity to:
Dive directly into the latest computer vision and signal processing research to replicate new techniques published in academia and find ways to make those ideas work on a larger scale
Use your strong Python coding skills to research, design, develop and expand upon algorithms that will train neural networks to deliver actionable intelligence faster and more effectively
Develop deep-learning software prototypes that demonstrate potential usefulness to our customers
Analyze data from disparate sources including images, video, radar, signals and more
Brainstorm solutions to the toughest problems alongside a team of smart, creative, passionate engineers
Participate in machine learning brownbag sessions and other forms of collaborative learning to keep abreast of the constant changes in Machine and Deep Learning
Required skills:
Strong problem-solving skills combined with deep intellectual curiosity and the desire to push technical boundaries
Strong coding skills- preferably in Python, C/C++, Julia or other object-oriented language in a Linux environment
Software development skills and the desire to work on cutting edge development in a Cloud environment
Deep understanding of data structures and algorithms
Knowledge of computer vision and/or signal processing including techniques for classification and feature extraction
Excellent oral, written, presentation and communication skills
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field. Advance degrees welcome
US Citizenship- Must be a US Citizen eligible to maintain a US Government security clearance
Desired skills:
Experience with deep learning frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Caffe or Keras
About Expedition Technology

At Expedition Technology, we push the boundaries of what is possible every day. Our engineers work on the most challenging problems in Computer Vision, Digital Signal Processing and Software Engineering from a Machine Learning/Deep Learning perspective and collaborate to find the answers. We are a research-focused company whose mission it is to solve our customers most pressing needs in a creative, novel manner.

Expedition Technology offers self-directed, company-paid Medical, Dental and Vision benefits and the freedom to allow you to select which benefits matter most. We offer a 401k with a generous company match, a student loan repayment program, equity shares, paid holidays, paid time off and an education reimbursement allowance. Most importantly, we offer an environment where we are encouraged to push boundaries, take risks and enjoy the rewards.

Interested in joining our team? Lets explore together.

EXP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes a diverse range of talent creates an environment that fuels creativity and innovation. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, genetic information or protected veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR",5.0,"Expedition Technology, Inc.
5.0","Herndon, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
61,Treasury Data Analyst,"$46k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number:
4141

Job Title:
Treasury Data Analyst

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
SUMMARY: The Treasury Analyst supports execution and provides ad hoc analysis across all treasury functions including risk management, funding & liquidity, forecasting, and reporting.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.

Analysis
Run long-term deposit analysis projects to identify opportunities to efficiently grow the retail deposit portfolio. This analysis will include developing, testing, and maintaining statistical behavioral models and reporting findings to senior management.
Develop reporting tools to streamline reporting and increase depth of understanding of customer behavior and customer lifetime value.
Develop adhoc analytics around liquidity management, funding alternatives and execution, and opportunity cost of different approaches to funding.

Reporting / Reconciliation
Enhance standard daily and periodic reporting and maintain process documentation for all relevant reports including funding mix/cost of funds and certain liquidity metrics.
Testing and implementation of new technology tools including Tableau dashboards and other platforms.
Develop new dashboard and key metrics to monitor liquidity and funding profile across various portfolios, time horizons, and markets.

Operations
Act as occasional back up for cash position reporting and exception pricing processing and escalation of non-standard pricing requests.
Maintain up-to-date process documentation around reporting processes including data sources and inputs.
Engage with different groups across IT, operations, and product development to enhance reporting, identify new data sources, and enhance the bank's understanding of customer behaviors.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Accounting, or related fields from an accredited institution
CFA or MsF preferred
Minimum 3 years in corporate treasury or financial services required
Alternate combination of education and experience may be considered
Experience with statistical modeling or econometric modeling including data management, model development, and interpreting and presenting results
Strong skills in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and ability to clearly communicate
Proficiency in statistical modeling/programming languages such as R, Python, or SQL required
Willingness to learn new analysis, querying, and data visualization programs required",3.1,"BankUnited
3.1","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
62,Data Scientist,"$74k-$122k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist, Industry 4.0

Stanley Black & Decker is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join their Advanced Manufacturing Center of Excellence team. Since 1843, Stanley Black and Decker has been committed to innovation and social responsibility, while becoming a leader in multiple industries. In this position, one can expect to use their expertise in big data and data collection to lead others to solve critical business problems.

Stanley Black & Decker has created this state of the art manufacturing incubator to accelerate its global Industry 4.0 “smart factory” initiative across the entire organization. The 23,000-square foot facility will serve as a hub for the latest advancements in IoT, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, 3-D printing, robotics and advanced materials. This team will set the overall vision and strategy for the company’s Industry 4.0 initiative and supply the resources and expertise necessary to serve as the epicenter for the latest technologies and processes with respect to Industry 4.0.

To learn more about Industry 4.0 and Stanley Black and Decker’s vision, visit:
http://ir.stanleyblackanddecker.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=114416&p=irol-newsArticle&cat=news&id=2321207.

Responsibilities, Competencies and Experience

Responsibilities include:
Leveraging big data to discover patterns and solve strategic & tactical business problems using massive structured and unstructured data sets across multiple environments
Developing analytic capabilities (e.g. models and processes) that drive better outcomes for both customers and the company
Driving the collection, cleansing, processing and analysis of new and existing data sources.
Building, testing, and deploying predictive models and/or machine learning algorithms on large static and/or streaming data sets
Reporting findings by creating useful and appropriate data outputs and visualizations tailored for the intended audiences
Learning & staying current on Internet of Things developments, news, opportunities, and challenges
Generating innovative ideas, establish new research directions, shape and execute the information strategy in support of technical projects and new product developments
Working with and supporting other team members, management, and partners

Required experience and skill include:
Advanced degree (MS/PhD) in a relevant technical field (e.g., Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Econometrics) with 3+ years’ experience in related data science, analytics, and model building roles or 5+ years’ experience in directly related roles
Experience working with large complex data sets, real time/near real time analytics, and distributed big data platforms (Hadoop & MapReduce and/or Cassandra/Spark)
Strong practical knowledge of analytical techniques and methodologies such as machine learning/supervised and unsupervised techniques, segmentation, mix and time series modeling, response modeling, lift modeling, experimental design, neural networks, data mining and optimization techniques
Strong knowledge of analysis tools such as Python, R, MATLAB, Spark or SAS, R/Spark on Hadoop or Cassandra.
Strong background in applying statistical machine learning techniques to predictive modeling and experience with Machine Learning libraries (via R, H2O, Python, Spark, etc)
Proficiency in programming in Python, R, SQL, Javascript, Java/Scala/Ruby and shell scripting
Proficiency in consuming REST based API (with JSON payload) is a plus.
Fluency in big data platforms including Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Spark, PIG
Familiarity with Cloud based HaaS/PaaS solutions such as AWS EMR, MS Azure.
A strong understanding of data profiling and data cleansing techniques
Natural curiosity and a strong passion for empirical research and problem solving
Strong written and verbal communications skills; comfortable communicating with senior levels of both business and technology leadership

Competencies include:
Statistical Analysis & Modeling
Understanding Business Problems
Data Wrangling & Exploration
Problem Solving Mindset
Clear Communication
Technical Fluency

The Company
For the builders and protectors, for the makers and explorers, for those shaping and reshaping our world through hard work and inspiration. Since 1843, Stanley Black & Decker has provided the tools and innovative solutions to propel people to their goals. They collaborate with one goal in mind: empower people to do better, safer, more significant work. They define success as: delivering value to their customers, colleagues and communities. Their commitment to quality, safety and sustainability keeps them focused on their path to becoming the type of uniquely human-centered global industrial company that keeps every stakeholder in mind, while being “For Those Who Make The World”.

Stanley Black & Decker, an S&P 500 and FORTUNE 500 company, is the world's leading provider of tools and storage, the world's second-largest commercial electronic security company, and a leading engineered fastening systems provider, with unique growth platforms in the Oil & Gas and Infrastructure industries. With industry elite partners such as DEWALT, Porter-Cable, Craftsman, Bostitch, Lenox, and more: Stanley Black & Decker provides to the tools to build the world.

Learn more about Stanley Black & Decker at http://www.stanleyblackanddecker.com/.

All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran’s status or any other protected characteristic.",3.3,"Stanley Black & Decker
3.3","Hartford, CT",-1,10000+ Employees,1843,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
63,"Data Scientist, Finance","$119k-$188k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.

Facebook is seeking a highly quantitative, driven, and creative data scientist for the Finance Data Science team. The Finance DS team is a uniquely data intensive part of Facebooks Finance organization and plays a crucial role in delivering key financial insights to management through forecasting, analysis and modeling. This position will primarily focus on analyzing and modeling the financial ecosystem and developing actionable insights for the business to influence decision makers to enable strong financial decision making. The role is highly cross-functional and partner facing, involving coordination across a number of groups within Facebook. This role will challenge the candidate to both understand and contribute to many facets of a rapidly growing business, including revenue forecasting, analytics, and strategic decision support. Ideal candidates love breaking down problems, building solutions, delivering actionable and data-driven insights, and working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how we generate ads revenue
Assess market opportunities, analyze current business performance and build statistical models to extrapolate current and historical trends into forward-looking forecasts
Lead and coordinate cross-functional projects
Influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating results to the rest of the team and company leaders
BA/BS in Math, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering, or other quantitative field
5+ years of experience in data science, business strategy, marketing, finance, engineering, or analytics
Fluency in SQL or a similar database querying language
Experience working with statistical packages such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc
Experienced in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint
Experience in synthesizing strategic insights and problem-solve individually or in a group setting with knowledge on financial drivers of the business
Experience in shifting priorities while maintaining a degree of organization and control
Development experience in at least one scripting language (Python, JavaScript, etc.)
Experience with an Internet-based company
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.",4.5,"Facebook
4.5","Menlo Park, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,2004,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
64,Data Scientist (Remote/ Virtual),-1,"We Are Hiring

This is a remote opportunity to join our growing and innovative Ascension Data Science Institute!

The Ascension Data Sciences Institute (ADSI) was created in July 2019 with the mission of supporting Ascension in achieving its Quadruple Aim with uniquely skilled, high-performing associates who develop analyses, models and applications to enable Ascension in providing higher value healthcare and making strategic decisions. ADSI is comprised of 6 domains addressing 1) Clinical quality and patient safety; 2) Health Economics and Clinical Outcomes; 3) Strategic Operations and Financial Analytics; 4) Actuarial and Managed Care Analytics; 5) Registry Abstraction Healthcare Solutions; and 6) Healthcare Data Intelligence. We recognize that the healthcare environment is a complex ecosystem of rapidly evolving clinical and economic practices that affect patient and provider experience and demands increasingly sophisticated and complex measurement. Our objective is for advanced analytics and data science to play a critical and foundational role in the transformation of care delivery, quality and financial outcomes to enable our organization’s competitive advantage. To meet these objectives, Ascension is investing in its analytics capabilities and the following positions have been opened to address this expansion.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creating efficient algorithms, and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Integrates data from multiple sources and supports/performs complex statistical data analysis including multivariate statistical analysis, multilevel modeling, dyadic analysis and/or coarsened exact matching analysis.
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support.
Identifies, defines, directs and performs project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less experienced staff.
Presents data to drive business decisions.
Proposes and leads projects required to support the development of the organization's data infrastructure needs.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes structured and unstructured data for business insight.
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools.
What You Will Need

Education:

High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Computer or Information Science, Physics, Behavioral and Social Sciences or other related technical or quantitative fields strongly preferred.
Master's level or higher is strongly preferred.
Preferred Skills:
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF)
Advanced modeling and statistical knowledge one or more of the following areas: multivariate analysis, logistic regression, poisson and negative binomial regression, experimental design, structural equation modeling, principal component analysis, educational measurement, psychometrics, factor analysis, mathematical modeling, simulation, operations research, optimization
Experience writing the methodology sections of research publications in academic or industry settings strongly preferred
Experience with conducting research in human behavior, medical sciences, behavioral sciences, associate or patient experience, education, business, clinical operations, performance improvement, process optimization and/or healthcare preferred
Web and social media analytics
Sentiment analysis
Text mining and natural language processing knowledge strongly preferred
Consulting experience with external clients or internal stakeholders
Presentation and storytelling skills
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
65,Sr Data Engineer,-1,"We are looking for a Senior Data Engineer to work with one of our US-based clients, who is reinventing the delivery of health and human services. Our client’s collaborative platform unites healthcare providers, government, and the community around the common goal of improving health outcomes for everyone.

Data has long been a foundation of our client’s system and their requirements around data have grown more sophisticated and central to their mission. They are now harvesting the data in the platform and transforming it into an actionable source of information that stakeholders use to understand the impact that Social Determinants of Health are having on communities.

The company is made up of 160 professionals, including QAs, Product Managers, and 30 Engineers, mostly based in the NY area. Some of the main technologies used are APIs, Ruby on Rails, Golang, Lambda AWS, Neo4J running on EC2 nodes, MySQL, Postgres, microservices, enterprise data warehouse, Redshift, and Tableau. The team is currently working on a single-page application on front-end technologies such as React and JavaScript.

Our client is looking for people to join their team who share a passion for their mission to reinvent Health & Human Services and aspire to make a lasting difference for future generations.
You are the one if you have:
Strong experience building Data Warehouses using Spark and Python or Java
Strong experience using Scala for data transformations
Vast knowledge about ETL processes and Data Lakes
Experience with AWS (S3, Redshift Spectrum)
It’s a bonus if you have experience working with:
Tableau
Neo4J
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Engineer role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
66,Data Scientists with TS/SCI,-1,"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking Data Scientists with TS/SCI to support a client in Springfield, VA

My name is Stephen Hrutka, and I am the owner of a Veteran-owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

We are looking to hire (2) data scientists to support NGA in Springfield, VA. The role is remote to start, no idea when traditional onsite will begin.

Please see below for the position description. If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Position Tasks:
Develop Python or R code to read/categorize large amounts of unstructured data
Develop code to evaluate Intelligence Information Reports (IIRs) for metadata accuracy
Develop code that recognizes and extracts entities from IIRs w/ 90% accuracy
Visualize data derived from structuring of unstructured/semi-structured data
Brief results of code development to leadership to include methods, limitations, and assumptions
Position Deliverables:
Monthly reports
Code modules using Natural Language Processing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Code modules using Entity Recognition to analyze multiple unstructured data files and identify all people, groups, and categories of objects
Code modules using Latent Semantic Indexing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Develop code that can be stand-alone or incorporated into existing applications
Visualizations of large data sets, bringing forward unobscured data, and enabling personnel to understand the data quickly
Position Requirements:
Government Security Clearance
Minimum of (3) years of experience related to the following areas: parametric and non-parametric statistical methods; visualizing statistical effects in complex datasets; performing statistical data analysis in Python and/or R; providing and explaining clear analytical results in well-written reports
Ability to write and execute queries in SQL
Ability to visualize data with aid of data visualization tools such as Tableau
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
Ability to work in distributed systems and to develop creative solutions to data problems
Experience with database tools
Preferred Qualifications:
Statistical Modeling: 10 years
Natural Language Processing: 5 years
Python and R: 3 years
Latent Semantic Indexing: 5 years
SQL: 3 years
Tableau: 1 year
Entity Recognition: 5 years",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Springfield, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
67,Data Scientist,-1,"At White Ops, we are all about keeping it human. We are the global leader in bot mitigation. We protect more than 200 enterprises—including the largest internet platforms—from sophisticated bots by verifying the humanity of nearly one trillion online interactions every week. The most sophisticated bots look and act like humans when they click on ads, visit websites, fill out forms, take over accounts, and commit payment fraud. We stop them.

Founded in 2012 in a Brooklyn sci-fi bookstore, our Bot Mitigation Platform protects enterprises from the sophisticated bots that threaten them. It's an ongoing war that we fight passionately every day. Join our mission to stop bots, disrupt the economics of cyber crime, and keep it human.

The Data Science team at White Ops is building the algorithms that run behind the scenes and power our bot detection engine. We deploy state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning models at a massive scale that distinguish human activity from automated bots.

What you'll do:
Develop algorithms (i.e. rule based, statistical, machine learning) that automatically detect emerging threats
Evaluate and implement data analysis strategies to improve detection efficacy at internet-scale
Ad hoc investigations to respond to emerging threats with velocity and quality
Collaborate with product, engineering, customer success, to define and develop new product features that will delight our customers
Research for case studies and white papers on bot detection
Contribute to toolkits and platforms that scale detection analytics
Who you are:
You have a strong sense of ownership which drives you to find ways to do things better, faster, and cheaper
You look to find new and innovative ways to solve complex problems through rigorous experimentation, all by yourself
You are open, transparent and work in tight collaboration with anyone
You constantly drive for correctness and performance, in that order
You are a data scientist, analyst, engineer and have solved difficult problems to prove it
You have proficiency with SQL, Python
You have familiarity with tools, libraries and platforms such as Jupyter notebooks, Pandas, NumPy etc
Track record of independent, creative problem solving with large amounts of complex data
Knowledge of how the Internet works
Comfort with ad tech terminology
Background in data science for security is a plus
Knowledge of how web browsers work is a plus
Benefits and Perks
Unlimited vacation policy
Stock options, 401(k), and commuter benefits
Competitive salary and benefits
Medical and dental insurance for all full-time employees
Fully paid parental leave
Professional development fund
Great coaching from senior leaders and challenging development opportunities
Life at White Ops:

Our HQ office is located in the heart of New York City. We are growing the company deliberately with a keen eye towards maintaining a culture that values diversity, lifestyle, and career growth. We are doing meaningful work and we need people to join our mighty team. We are proud of our overwhelmingly positive presence on Glassdoor and Built in NYC. We have offices located in NYC, DC, Victoria, and London.",3.8,"White Ops
3.8","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
68,Microstrategy Business Intelligence Analyst,"$73k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Headquartered in Modesto, CA, G3 Enterprises has been supplying the wine and spirits industry for over 50 years. As a single source packaging solution, its products and services include labels, stock and custom closures, warehousing, transportation, bottle etching, and mobile bottling.

The Business Intelligence Analyst creates reporting and analytical solutions that enable translating data into knowledge and maintains Microstrategy infrastructure across G3 organization. Analyzes business intelligence data to inform business decisions. Partners with other areas of the business to model the outcome of implementing potential business strategies.

Essential Functions
This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions; it does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned.
• Utilizes data architecture to enable business decisions and recommend technical solutions to management based on scalability and complexity.
• Provides guidance and analytical support to include analysis and research in areas across G3 corporation.
• Satisfies ad-hoc requests for information from G3 teams that aid in uncovering new understandings that drive decisions which move the organization forward.
• Acts as technical expert, addressing infrastructure needs, systems/applications integration, compatibility, and multiple platforms.
• Analyzes data to create and maintain reports, dashboards, visualizations, and other tools (such as cubes and views) in multiple development and production environments.
• Responsible for executing the implementation of the BI strategy related to G3’s SAP ERP and OTM systems.
• Sources data from various systems via Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) and external data sources.
• Designs user driven analytics structure using existing data architecture.
• Influences data warehousing teams to recommend data layer structures and integrate systems.
• Translates business requirements to functional and technical design solutions, specifications, and prototypes.
• Collaborates with development teams to design business intelligence solutions to facilitate data gathering, storage, and retrieval.
• Consults with users or decision makers to identify data sources, required data elements, or data validation standards.
• Develops test plans and facilitates testing prior to promotions.
• Creates and maintains technical documentation
• Performs cross-functional analysis and collaborates with stakeholders across departments. Partners and presents findings to senior leadership.
• Responsible for understanding and complying with applicable quality, environmental and safety regulatory considerations. If accountable for the work of others, responsible for ensuring their understanding and compliance.

Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Minimum Qualifications
• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, MIS, Mathematics, Data Analytics, Data Science, or Engineering plus 3 years of experience in business intelligence, technical architecture, application development, middleware, or database management; OR High School diploma or State-issued equivalency certificate plus 7 years of experience in business intelligence, technical architecture, application development, middleware, or database management.
• Ability to build and understand basic SQL queries.

Preferred Qualifications
• Master’s degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Business Administration, MIS, Mathematics, or Engineering.
• MicroStrategy Intelligence Server Development experience.
• Experience designing and executing Application objects and Schema objects using MicroStrategy Desktop.
• Experience analysis, design, development, testing, and debugging of complex reports, ETL scripts and dashboards.
• Experience troubleshooting high level issues to identify and resolve problems caused by the database, source data, ETL, or the Business Intelligence software (common examples: nulls in data causing joins to function incorrectly; ETLs running out of sequence; MicroStrategy Objects not set up properly).
• Experience with cloud computing and “big data” processing and analytics.
• Understanding of web servers and applications.
• Knowledge of components of an enterprise systems architecture
• Knowledge of business process re-engineering processes including Lean Six Sigma principles.
• Lean Six Sigma Green or Black Belt Certified.
• Strong understanding of network architecture and application development methodologies
• Experience reading, analyzing, and interpreting common scientific and technical journals and financial reports.
• Knowledge of emerging technologies and development platforms.
• Experience applying machine learning or artificial intelligence to BI applications.
• Possesses a passion for technology and its impact on the enterprise, customers and consumers along with a breadth of experience that can balance business, application and operational requirements.
• Strong understanding of systems and “systems thinking” with the ability to make trade-off decisions to accomplish system-wide goals.
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
• Excellent planning and organizational skills.
• Skilled in balancing long-term and short-term goals and perspectives of challenging situations.
• Skilled in applying multiple technical solutions to business problems.
• Remains unbiased toward any specific technology or vendor choice.
• Excellent analytical and technical skills.
• Skilled in navigating complex political situations to ensure successful change management.
• Exceptional interpersonal skills, including teamwork, facilitation and negotiation.
• Demonstrates strong technical thinking and developed high credibility with the technical community. Recognized by the IT community as someone who solves complex technology related business problems.
• Experience with performance tuning of business intelligence applications.
• Strong knowledge of SQL queries including writing, reading, and debugging.
• Experience working with Enterprise Data Warehousing, specifically SAP Data Warehousing (HANA).

Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk.

Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

EEO/AA M/F/Vet/Disability",3.8,"G3 Enterprises
3.8","Modesto, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
69,Data Scientist,-1,"About us

Boxy Charm was founded in 2013 and continues to be a leader in the beauty subscription box industry experiencing immense growth of more than 100% year over year. We work with some of the hottest brands including Butter London, Dr. Brandt, Elemis, GlamGlow, Smashbox, Tarte, Too Faced and many more.

Today, Boxy Charm has a community of more than 2.4 million followers across its social media platforms, 10 million monthly visitors online and is the #1 searched beauty box brand on YouTube. In 2018, Inc magazine named it as one of the fastest growing companies in the nation. Boxy Charm is headquartered in South Florida and has an office in Toronto, Canada.

About you

Boxy Charm is seeking a Data Scientist who will use a range of data science and machine learning methodologies to build solutions for a variety of business initiatives. Additionally, the ideal candidate will be able to solve complex problems and apply those solutions within a cutting-edge cloud-based technology platform.

The role will be filled with a solution-oriented candidate that thrives on working in a highly dynamic and engaging environment.

What you will be doing
Work closely with different business units and translate high level business problems into actionable deliverables for the Data & Algorithms team
Work with a wide variety of data ranging between social media and email to customer transactions and logistics
Develop a variety of machine learning models including customer recommendations, customer propensity, forecasting, and marketing performance.
Collaborate closely with the Software Development and DevOps teams to ensure continued delivery of high-quality data through our data processing pipeline
Partner with various business stakeholders and implement solutions that improve their business process
Conduct big data analysis using SQL, Python, Snowflake, Spark and other technologies
Break down complex projects and problems into actionable tasks that be delivered quickly and iteratively and provide value to the business stakeholders
Key Understandings
Customer lifetime value, regression analysis, cohorts, retention, customer lifecycle, customer segmentation, machine learning, large-scale data analysis, classification and propensity modeling
What you will bring to the table
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Math, Statistics or a related field
3+ years of experience programming in languages such as Python, Java, Scala, Ruby, R
3+ years of experience working with SQL and relational databases
3+ years of experience with machine learning, statistical modeling, and data mining techniques
Experience with one or more machine learning algorithms such as neural networks, regression, clustering etc.
Working experience with machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow, Keras, ScikitLearn, H20.ai, MXNet, Caffe, Gluon etc. is highly desirable
Experience working in an Agile (SCRUM, XP etc.) development environment
Experience with AWS or other cloud environments is desirable
Knowledge of Big Data and NoSQL systems such as Snowflake, Hadoop, Spark, MongoDB, etc. is a plus",3.1,"Boxy Charm
3.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Beauty & Personal Accessories Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
70,Data Scientist- Streetsboro Ohio Office,-1,"The Step2 Company is the largest American manufacturer of preschool and toddler toys and one of the world’s largest rotational molders of plastics. It’s our mission to be the leading innovator of children's products that build imaginations and enrich the family's celebration of childhood.

Step2 proudly employs moms, dads, grandparents, aunts, uncles and everyone in between. We offer an environment of fun and hard work. Our mission of bringing families together isn’t just for our customers. The Step2 family starts with our employees and we’re excited that you’re interested in joining our team!

PRIMARY FUNCTION: Reporting to the IT Director, and in close collaboration FP&A, the Data Scientist will support our product, sales, operations, and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

SPECIFIC DUTIES/ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design
Functions as Oracle subject matter expert and ensures end users are properly trained to use system and reports appropriately; troubleshoots issues.
Serves as the System Administrator for the Daily Operating System (D.O.S.) Report and supporting network.
Ensures functionality and accuracy of reports which make up the D.O.S. report (i.e. Mold Placement Master, Mold Placement Report, Attendance Rosters).
Keeps D.O.S. supporting data updated (i.e. labor standards, NSP pricing, tooling information, goals, etc.)
Data mines and analyzes data from Oracle to provide user-friendly ad-hoc reports as request by various departments and upper level management.
Design and create a data repository to achieve the above objectives
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, a degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Adwords, Content Analytics, Facebook Insights, etc.


ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
Excellent project management skills
Ability to explain complex issues clearly and succinctly
Effectively summarizes and communicates results
Ability to forecast potential problems and pitfalls
What are the perks?
· Parental Leave
· 401k with Employer Match
· Tuition Assistance
· Company Paid Life& Disability Insurance
· Adoption Assistance
· Medical, Dental and Vision
· Premium FREE Medical Plan
· Employee Discount
· 10 Paid Holidays
· Advancement Opportunities
Join our family!

Apply today or text Step2Jobs to 97211 to connect with a recruiter.

Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer



Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"Step2
3.3","Streetsboro, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
71,Data Analyst - Online Education,"$32k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","THIS IS NOT A REMOTE POSITION


THIS POSITION WILL BE BASED OUT OF THE

TUCSON CORPORATE OFFICE

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Utilize advanced statistical abilities and tools to interpret data sets, paying particular attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive efforts.
Prepare reports and visualizations that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions.
Assist with preparing, collecting, and analyzing quantitative (surveys, etc.) and qualitative (focus groups, etc.) data from students, faculty and staff.
Partner with stakeholders to gain a thorough understanding of needs.
Mine data from primary and secondary sources and reorganizes into a format that can be easily read by human or machine.
Work closely with IT in establishing data systems protocols for data needs.
Coach team members on how to use tools to their greatest benefit.
The list of essential functions is not exhaustive and may be supplemented.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree or higher, preferably in a computational field such as computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering.
Three (3) years of experience working with large data sets or relational databases.
Three (3) years of experience with forecasting, trend analysis, and predictive modeling.
Demonstrated experience using SQL, Excel, R or Python, and visualization platforms such as Tableau or Power BI.
Experience working in higher education preferred.
Take initiative and ownership of projects.
Problem solving and analytical skills.
Business acumen.
Time management skills and able to prioritize and deliver projects and deliverables on time.
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.
Collaborative and team focused.",4.6,"Pima Medical Institute
4.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1972,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
72,Physical Scientist,-1,"Physical Scientist

Melbourne, FL

Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance

National Security

Job Description

ENSCO's National Security Solutions (NSS) Division provides innovative customized products and services vital to national safety and security. We seek a team-oriented Physical Scientist / Computational Chemist to perform technical support on a variety of environmental modeling and simulation projects. The successful candidate will use analytical problem solving skills to address unique modeling and simulation challenges and will often work with a multidisciplinary team of scientists to meet these needs. This will range from predicting physical property data, interpreting spectral signatures, and comparing modeled and experimental data. The ability to describe and document the modeling work to a varied audience through report writing and technical presentation is important.

Qualifications Required (Skills)

Bachelor’s degree with 3 years’ experience in a Physical Science (Chemistry, Physics), Mathematics, or Chemical Engineering, or equivalent
Experience in the following areas:
Course work in Chemistry, Computational Chemistry Methods, and Statistics.
Application of quantum chemical chemistry methods to supplement experiment.
Chemical principles associated with environmental fate (gas or condensed phase), spectral signatures, and modeling and simulation.
Must be proficient on various platforms (PC, Unix and/or Linux), experience using High Performance Computing platforms (CPU), and a strong background in modeling using, physics, chemistry, or applied mathematics, experience in low level programming languages (e.g., C, C++, Rust, or Fortran), and basic statistics.
Strong analytical problem-solving skills and a demonstrated ability to apply technical knowledge towards solving real-world problems
Excellent technical writing and verbal skills
Ability to communicate with multidisciplinary teams of scientists and engineers
The ability to obtain a SECURITY CLEARANCE is essential for which you must be a U.S. citizen. If you do not meet this requirement, you will not be considered.

Qualifications Desired

Master’s degree in a Physical Science (Chemistry, Physics), Mathematics, or Chemical Engineering
Knowledge of programming languages including R and Python
Experience working with High Performance Computing platforms (CPU and GPU).
Skill using environmental and engineering modeling tools including HPAC, SCIPUFF, ChemCAD, QUIC, and ARC-GIS
Experience in any of the following areas: Infrared Spectroscopy (near, mid, and far), quantum chemical modeling, nuclear chemistry, mechanistic chemistry, kinetics modeling, statistical analysis of laboratory data.
Experience in Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives (CBRNE) programs
#LI-KM1

Req ID

1989BR

Internal Position Title

Scientist III

Employment Status

Regular Full-time

General Education/Years of Experience

BS or equiv; min 3 yrs relevant exp

U.S. Citizenship

Yes

Background Check Type

7 year

Drug Screen Type

None

Export Control and Licensing

None

Contract Award Contingency

No

Recruiter

Kierra McDonald

Division Description

The National Security Solutions (NSS) Division provides security solutions for the United States government. NSS employees offer a multi-disciplinary approach to solve some of the most challenging technical problems in complex operational environments. Our areas of expertise are in sensor development and integration; chemical, biological and geophysical phenomenology; software applications and modeling; and operational applications of technology.

Key customers include the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, and the Intelligence Community.

Strength in Diversity

ENSCO, Inc. and its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under state or local law.",3.7,"ENSCO, Inc.
3.7","Melbourne, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1969,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
73,Business Intelligence Analyst,"$48k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary*
Delta Dental of New Mexico is seeking an experienced Business Intelligence Analyst to join its Finance and Business Intelligence department. The successful candidate will be responsible for conducting analysis of internal operations as well as competitors and markets, evaluate business performance, uncover areas of improvement and support development and implementation of strategic business initiatives. If you are detail-oriented and capable of analyzing data with creativity and innovation in mind, you might be perfect for this position.
Primary Job Responsibilities*
Continuously analyze actuarial and underwriting strategies and design and implement a modified pricing strategy where required. Support price development for new and renewing key accounts
Maintain strategic plan report cards and monitor and track progress, status updates and change requests.
Proactively monitor company operations, analyze results and make recommendations to Senior Management about enhancing business performance
Develop, implement and maintain the local data management and reporting program
Evaluate, design and prepare performance review reports, such as performance guarantee reporting, annual reports, etc.
Deliver periodic reports to the Operations Leadership Team regarding industry trends and their potential impact to the business
Monitor control measures and mitigation efforts related to the Enterprise Risk Management program and prepare status and progress reports for the Risk Committee
Minimum Qualifications*
Bachelor’s Degree in Math, Business or related discipline
5+ years of experience in a business environment
Excellent Microsoft Office skills such as Excel and Word
Excellent attention to detail
Great analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving abilities
Effective communication skills, especially when interacting with cross-functional teams
Ability to consistently meet all deadlines
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $50,000.00 - $65,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location:
One location
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.7,"Delta Dental of New Mexico
3.7","Albuquerque, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
74,Data Scientist,-1,"Back to search results
Previous job

Next job

JOB DESCRIPTION

A BIT ABOUT OUR DATA SCIENCE & ANALYTICS TEAM

Mars Petcare Data Science & Analytics team is core to our strategy. We’re using digital, data and customer insights to transform our business by finding answers to problems that we’ve often never asked ourselves before. Our vast data assets are being combined to build a 360° view of pets and pet owners to not only power Kinship’s businesses but also influence the next great ideas in the pet care space. This role will be key in helping us understand the power of our data, and how this translates into value for our company, our pets, and pet owners everywhere. Frequently the projects will be ambiguous, but that’s part of the fun; you will determine the best way to leverage our data to tell the right story for any given audience.

HOW YOU’LL CREATE A BETTER WORLD FOR PETS
Apply advanced analytics & data science approaches to understand and predict pet and pet owner behaviors
Collaborate with internal and external teams to ensure we focus on pet-centric product and service recommendations
Support new pet technology businesses and partners by generating actionable insights from our data assets
Develop compelling stories that provide insight into the drivers of business performance and pet/pet owner behavior
WHO WE NEED TO CHART THE FUTURE OF PET CARE

We strive to hire people who are passionate about our mission: Shaping the Future of Pet Care. For all of our Kinship roles, we look for candidates who exemplify our core values. We believe what we do is just as important as how we do it, and we aim to hire people who are:
Optimistic
Purposefully Inquisitive
Open to All
And for this role, we hope you have the following skills we require to knock it out of the dog park:
Truly inspired by, and want to live, our purpose of creating a better world for pets.
4+ years’ experience in a data science role handling varied and complex data
Varied technical experience in delivering statistical analytics, data science and insight on large-scale consumer data sets across multiple sectors, including packaged goods and retail
Hands-on experience with Python is required; Familiarity with PySpark is also desirable
Comfortable with ambiguity, with a passion for collaboration to achieve objectives
A Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field (economics, statistics, business, computer science) or equivalent experience
Passion for growing and strengthening a business using data driven approaches
Familiarity with cloud-based computing services e.g. AWS, Databricks, etc.
Enjoys explaining how technical concepts to both non-technical and technical stakeholders.
WHY JOIN US?

We offer our associates a unique opportunity to have a completely customizable career within pet care. Through Kinship you will work with and learn from a community of industry executives, pet partners, entrepreneurs, and fellow associates across our startup investment companies, outside partners, and in Mars Petcare. Our nimble and flexible approach to work allows you to make an immediate impact across businesses, while learning new skills at every stage. The diversity of our work opens doors to big opportunities and unlocks enormous potential for countless career experiences in pet care. Join us in our mission to chart the future of pet care, alongside the industry’s brightest minds.

Kinship’s offices are global, and so are our associates. We are located in NYC, San Francisco, Portland, London, Helsinki, Shanghai, and in Moscow. Many of us flex between our dog-friendly hubs and our home offices. Today, Kinship offers exceptional benefits for you, your family, and your pets, generous paid time off, exponential opportunities to build a career within pet care, and progressive reward packages. Interested? Let’s take big strides, together.",4.0,"Mars
4.0",United States,-1,10000+ Employees,1911,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
75,"Data Scientist, Customer Experience","$79k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our application is not compatible with Internet Explorer (IE). We recommend using Chrome.


CFA Institute is the world’s largest association of investment management professionals. As a global, independent organization, with a community of more than 175,000 members and 150+ member societies, we lead the investment profession by promoting the highest standards of ethics, education, and professional excellence for the ultimate benefit of society.

At CFA Institute, we care about our employees’ mental, physical, social, and financial well-being. That’s why we are committed to providing a comprehensive, competitive benefits package that offers flexibility to make choices that meet their needs:
Health & Well-being benefits that are amongst the best in the industry with full comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision for employees and their family members
Comprehensive Leave and Time Off plans
A focus on Financial Well-being means that we stack our retirement benefits against the most competitive standards.
Flexible work arrangements
Wellness, Education, and Employee Assistance Benefits
Job Description Summary:

The Senior Data Scientist, Customer Experience will analyze customer data to deliver actionable insights to the organization that will improve our customers’ experience with CFA Institute. This role will play a critical role in establishing the measurement frameworks, reports, and data requirements for an effective voice of customer program that enables the organization to make customer-centric decisions.

Job Description:

As a Senior Data Scientist, Customer Experience you will have the opportunity to:
Extract insights via analysis, disseminate actionable client insights within our team and across the business for awareness/education and to drive action
Develop customer analytics reports and regularly distribute reports to applicable parties
Run correlation and regression analyses against other data sets to derive deeper understanding of customer feedback and business implications
Report on themes, trends, and insights across disparate data sources to provide a comprehensive view of customers’ perceptions of the CFA Institute experience (e.g., survey, social media, call centers, etc.).
Serve as the division’s data security policy lead, providing input to and ensuring adherence with enterprise data governance policy decisions including data security, data privacy, and the implementation of access control measures.
The skills and experience required for this role are:
Experience launching qualitative and quantitative data gathering and analysis initiatives
Proven ability with data visualization and reporting technologies, especially Tableau
Experience working with BI tools (e.g. Tableau) for additional analysis skills (data modeling, R or python, etc.)
Hands on experience working on strategy or customer data, with proficiency in data mining and predictive modeling inclusive of linear and non-Linear regression, logistic regression, and time series analysis models.
Facility in working with deep learning algorithms and large datasets as well as experience working with unstructured data and experience cleaning and manipulating data.
This opportunity is open to internal and external candidates. CFA Institute is committed to the professional development of its employees; first consideration will be given to internal candidates

You can connect with the Recruiter on LinkedIn.

If you feel this opportunity could be the next step in your career, we encourage you to click “Apply” and complete our three-minute application.

To stay up to date on current news and events, follow CFA Institute’s LinkedIn page.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. CFA Institute prohibits both discrimination and harassment with regard to all identifying characteristics: any individual employee, group of employees, or prospective employee on the basis of race, color, national origin, citizenship or immigration status, religion, creed or belief, age, marital or partnership status, marital or family status, care giver status, pregnancy and maternity, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, physical abilities/qualities, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, predisposing genetic characteristic, military or veteran status, status as a victim or witness of domestic violence or sex offense or stalking, unemployment status, infectious disease carrier status, migrant worker status, educational background, socio-economic status, geographic location and culture or any other basis protected by applicable law. This policy impacts all aspects of employment, including but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, compensation, training, development, promotion, demotion, layoff, recall, furlough, transfer, leave of absence, and dismissal. This is a global policy that applies to all CFA Institute employees, regardless of location.

Our application is not compatible with Internet Explorer (IE). We recommend using Chrome.",3.8,"CFA Institute
3.8","Charlottesville, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
76,Data Scientist,"$114k-$184k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

As a Data Scientist you'll use your skills model and analyze a variety of data in support of analytical questions. Successful candidates in this role will be able to use theirs statistical and mathematical backgrounds to solve complex problems for not only analytical questions but also problems of large scale data. With huge volumes of data at your disposal, you'll be asked to find the most important items in a sea of information. A strong candidate is someone with a desire for continual learning and strong problem-solving, analytic and interpersonal skills who communicate and collaborate effectively.

Basic Qualifications:
Data Normalization
Data Visualization
Statistical Analysis
Graph Theory
Bachelor's degree required
Level 1:
Minimum one years' experience or a Bachelor's Degree or participating in a program that will lead to a Bachelor's Degree in an appropriate Computer Science or related field.
Level 2:
Minimum five years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.
Level 3:
Minimum 10 years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.
Desired Skills:
Experience with writing, compiling, and debugging a variety of programming languages
Containerization
Jupyter
Spark
Cloud Analytics
Special consideration given for the following skills:
Machine Learning
High Powered Computing
Any of a number of active Cyber Certifications including but not limited to: GPEN, GXPN, GCFE, GCFA, and OSCP.
C++
Experience with intelligence analysis skills (e.g., traffic analysis) mixed with detailed knowledge of network architectures, protocols, and communications.
SIGINT experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
Active TS/SCI with favorable polygraph

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
77,Data Engineer - Cloud Services,-1,"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out the Data and Analytics Practice. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Data Cloud Engineer :

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining cloud-native data lakes
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Familiarity with open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, Keras, or TensorFlow.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Understanding of relational database internals
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.9,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
78,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SIGNAL PROCESSING,"$50k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. Collaborate and work in a dynamic team environment, developing and testing software for various types of aircraft. Participate in software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Will be responsible for requirements analysis, software design, coding, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Develop new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (must have focus in Computer Science) with 0-5 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience or coursework with software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have the basic knowledge of solid software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing; software/hardware integration and software documentation. Exposure to embedded real-time application development as well as cyber detection will be considered. Experience with Python and/or Java desirable. Exposure to agile methodologies, software engineering practices, requirements analysis, or software design is desirable. Excellent technical communications skills are required. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Dayton, Ohio. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Dayton, Ohio


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Dayton, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
79,"Data Analyst, Facilities Engineering Systems","$37k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Improving the health of our community in all we do

Northeast Georgia Health System (NGHS) is a non-profit community health system on a mission of improving the health of our community in all we do. Our team cares for more than 1 million people across the region through four hospitals and a variety of outpatient locations. Northeast Georgia Medical Center (NGMC) has campuses in Gainesville, Braselton, Winder and Dahlonega – with a total of more than 700 beds and more than 1,100 medical staff members representing more than 50 specialties. NGHS also encompasses Northeast Georgia Physicians Group, a multi-specialty group with more than 65 locations, and The Heart Center of Northeast Georgia Medical Center, a cardiology practice with more than 15 locations.

NGHS

The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst position is responsible for providing support for internal Facilities Engineering technology applications. Supports, with assistance from IT, includes installation, configuration, & maintenance, as well as providing training, reporting and production support for applications used by Facilities Engineering. The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst may serve as a resource for other team members, as well as the clinical and support units, contractors and vendors with support related to applications used by Facilities Engineering.

Associates Degree or Technical School Certification required; in lieu of education, comparable additional experience and/or education required.

3 years of work experience utilizing facilities engineering computer systems, technology services or computer systems operations. Knowledge of Healthcare, Federal regulations, Compliance standards, National Fire Protection Associate (NFPA) codes and other regulatory standards applicable to healthcare facilities engineering.

Since first opening its doors in Gainesville in 1951, Northeast Georgia Medical Center has added hospital campuses in Braselton, Barrow and Dahlonega – and become Georgia’s most awarded hospital. Some recognitions include being named to these lists:

America’s 50 Best Hospitals – Healthgrades

100 Top Hospitals – Truven Health Analytics

100 Hospitals with Great Heart Programs – Beckers Hospital Review

America’s Top Quality Providers – Carechex

Atlanta’s Top 150 Workplaces – Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Healthcare’s Most Wired Hospitals and Health Systems – Hospitals & Health Networks magazine

NGMC has also been recognized in recent years as Georgia’s #1 Hospital for overall hospital care, overall surgical care, heart care, orthopedic surgery, women’s care and more.",3.4,"Northeast Georgia Health System
3.4","Gainesville, GA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1951,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
80,Machine Learning Engineer,"$81k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is Us:
We have a bold vision to connect 25 million vehicles by 2025.
Our customers come first. We lead through innovation. We win as one. We act with integrity.
We adhere to our brand promise – to make the complex simple, the future predictable, and our customers successful.
With nearly 4 million connected vehicles today, Spireon is an exciting player in the growing Connected Car and Internet of Things (IoT) technology categories. We help people and businesses track and protect their most important assets with vehicle intelligence solutions that gather Big Data and provide the critical insights with easy-to-use dashboards and apps.

This is You:

We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to design and build Convolutional Neural Networks for Smart Sensors. Spireon develops computer vision based smart sensors to detect environment and reports for the transportation sector. As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will implement CNN algorithms to run on smart sensors.. You must be able to work across multiple teams to ensure project objectives are met.

Responsibilities:
Design and develop algorithms for challenging vision classification and detections problems
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Implementation of Computer Vision and ML algorithms
Collect data and analyze real world data
Deploy ML systems (inference at the edge), monitor metrics
Prototyping ML algorithms
Collaborate with Product Management and Engineering departments to understand company needs and devise possible solutions
Keep up to date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Requirements:
Must have solid foundation general machine learning systems
Must have experience in Convolutional Neural Networks Classification, Object Detection, Segmentation.
Must have experience in Computer vision, image processing.
Must have Programming / scripting experience with languages such as Python
Must have experience working with machine learning frameworks and libraries (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, scikit-learn)
Highly Desired: Programming language experience with C / C++
Highly Desired: Experience with Embedded systems
Highly Desired: Experience with OpenCV
Experience working with AWS Sagemaker
Experience working with AWS S3
Rewards:
Winner of 2019, 2018 IoT Innovator Awards & 2017, 2018 Stevie Award for Customer Excellence
Work with the Best and Brightest Technical Talent
Stable, High Growth and Profitable Company
Comprehensive Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K Plan)
Wellness, Professional Development and Spireon University
Virtual Happy Hours, Team Building Events, Hackathons
Employee Discounts on Spireon Products and Services",3.8,"Spireon
3.8","Irvine, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
81,Data Scientist,-1,"JOB DESCRIPTION

AccruePartners values our contract and consulting employees. We offer a competitive benefits package to meet the diverse needs of all of our contractor and consulting employees and their family members. Here is a listing of what our company offers: 401(k) Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Employee Assistance Program, Medical and Prescription Drug, Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance.

THE TEAM YOU WILL BE JOINING:

Fortune 500 Company
World leader in commercial data and insight
Constantly expanding the size and improving the quality of their global database; currently exceeding 280 million businesses worldwide
Focus on valuable relationships allowing customers to succeed

WHAT THEY OFFER YOU:

Culture: Energetic, forward thinking individuals, passionate about compliance, risk assessment and management
Growth: Partake in a learning program with robust curriculum that will enhance the value you bring to your team and the company
Opportunity: Extensive international network with offices on five continents
Stability: A storied and commanding brand with almost two centuries of experience

WHERE THE POSITION IS LOCATED:

Reston, VA

THE BACKGROUND THAT FITS:

Undergrad degree in a Risk related field (Accounting, Business, Economics, Finance, Math/Stat, Operations Research, etc.) with 1 to 3 years of applicable experience
Strong programming skills with the ability conduct research utilizing R, and Python to manipulate data and conduct statistical analysis
Strong SQL skills and experience
Ability to effectively communicate complex ideas to both a technical and non-technical audience
Willingness to travel to client locations as needed

Essential Responsibilities

Engage clients with the colleagues to identify their business needs and develop, implement, and manage solutions
Participate in all aspects of a modeling engagement, including design, development, validation, calibration, documentation, approval, implementation, monitoring, and reporting
Strong SAS programming skills with an ability to apply common procedures and data manipulations, write macro functions and learn new procedures when necessary

Preferred Qualifications

Experience implementing text analytic techniques (including NLP) to create structured fields from unstructured datasets
Experience working with very large datasets
Experience working with outside clients on statistical engagements
Experience with graph databases and visualizations
Experience applying modern machine learning techniques
Experience applying data and analytics for capital markets use-cases",2.6,"AccruePartners
2.6","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
82,Data Scientist/ Analyst,"$70k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our Renewables Operations team in Houston, TX or Chicago, IL as a Renewable Generation Performance Engineer.

In this role, you will be responsible for support functions relating to solar generation facilities betterment, facilities efficiency of monitoring and reporting (via automation), plant performance measurements, and maintain supplier and service provider relationships as it relates to generation portfolio performance. This position reports directly to the Director Performance Monitoring & Analytics.

What you’ll do:
Help facilitate improvement / automation of operations and reporting tasks via SQL procedures, and other script languages.
Work with site engineers to monitor and evaluate equipment and system performance by examining and trending the results of condition-monitoring activities, reviewing equipment failures, analyzing availability/reliability information. Follow-up actions, based on identified problems, trends, and root cause determinations, are timely and effective.
Improve solar site performance by providing recommendations regarding availability, production and reliability issues/initiatives to Engie site and senior level management.
Lead standardization of operations and maintenance and engineering processes including reporting functions
Work with various internal and external groups including engineering and technical support personnel, site operating personnel and Engie global performance teams other teams in Asset Management.
Support the site in developing (RCA’s) for inverters, trackers, and panel faults and failures and work OEM ‘s to provide upgrades and develop implementation plans to remedy.
Manage solar equipment suppliers’ technical resources to ensure focus on priorities and achieve performance improvement targets by being ENGIE’s technical point of contact.
Support operational reviews, solar site commissioning, end of warranty inspections and procurement to ensure proper equipment selection and operation
Ability to travel for short term assignments as required.
Act as a team member with all employees of the solar sites and collaborate with members of the ENGIE team at other sites across various businesses.
Work multiple projects concurrently including supporting future business development projects.

Qualifications

What you bring:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or computer science required, computer credits certifications a plus.
Minimum two years of relevant experience.
Desired working knowledge of wind and/or solar power generation equipment, and applicable SCADA control and HMI systems.
Possess strong planning, scheduling and project management skills with the ability to plan and work independently.
Possess strong computer and analytical skills; ability to use and program databases (SQL, Python, Pearl, BASH). Expertise of Microsoft Office (excel pivot tables, advanced formula’s)
Expertise using VM environments like Virtual box, Azure and AWS.
Desired working knowledge of Linux.
Must have and be able to maintain a valid driver’s license.

Why ENGIE?
ENGIE North America isn’t just participating in the Zero-Carbon transition, we’re leading it! Join us as we develop energy that is more renewable, more efficient and more accessible to everyone.

Unite with us in leading the transformation of the world of energy! ENGIE is looking for talented and motivated individuals to create the future of energy and customer solutions. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity to help customers meet their energy challenges today and in the future. Are you up for the challenge?

ENGIE is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability.

This job advertisement is supported by the ENGIE Talent Acquisition team. All related inquiries must be communicated through Talent Acquisition and not directed to ENGIE North America Managers. Failure to follow the ENA process may result in nonpayment of agency fees.

Job
: Operations / Production sites
Primary Location
: North America-United States-Texas-Houston North America-United States-Illinois-Chicago
Organization
: ENA Renewables
Schedule
: Full-time
Nature of Responsibility
: Senior professionnal / Team leader

Job Posting
: Aug 28, 2020, 11:06:48 PM",3.7,"ENGIE North America Inc.
3.7","Houston, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
83,RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - RESEARCH ENGINEER - SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - DIGITAL SIGNAL PROCESSING,-1,"Job Summary:


Join the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. Collaborate in a dynamic team environment, analyzing, designing, developing, testing and fielding software for various types of aircraft. Responsibilities and activities include participating in software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Participating in requirements analysis and development, developing and reviewing software design, implementation, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Leading software development tasks and teams. Developing new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Collaborate with the team and work independently. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (with a focus in Computer Science) with 2-7 experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience in software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have the working knowledge of solid software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing, software/hardware integration, and software documentation. Experience in embedded real-time RTOS application development as well as cyber detection is required. Experience with VxWorks RTOS environments, and cyber threat detection application development is highly desirable. Experience developing with Python or Java as well as experience with avionics applications is a strong plus. Must have strong technical communication skills. Candidates with a demonstrated track record filling software lead role with increasing responsibility in the areas of design, task planning, and delegation are highly desirable. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Dayton, Ohio. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Dayton, Ohio


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Dayton, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
84,Data Scientist,"$111k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai

As a Data Scientist, you will participate in the definition of new analytics capabilities able to provide our customers with the information they need to make proper decisions to support our customers in operating the internet of things (IoT). In addition, you will help find the appropriate machine learning / data mining algorithms to answer these questions. Finally, you will be responsible for implementing this into the product and making it available to our customers.

Qualified candidates will have an in-depth knowledge of most common machine learning techniques and their application. You will also understand the limitations of these algorithms and how to tweak them or derive from them to achieve similar results at large-scale.

Your Responsibilities:
Driving adoption of Deep Learning systems into next-generation of C3.ai products.
Designing and deploying Machine Learning algorithms for industrial applications such as fraud detection and predictive maintenance.
Collaborating with data and subject matter experts from C3.ai and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements.
Requirements:
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields.
Applied Machine Learning experience (regression and classification, supervised, and unsupervised learning).
Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability and statistics).
Experience with scalable ML (MapReduce, streaming).
Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team.
Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Preferred
Experience with JavaScript and prototyping languages such as Python and R. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus.
Knowledge in electrical engineering and cyber-physical systems is a plus.
A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.) is a plus.
C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including:
Competitive salary, generous stock options, 401K, medical, dental, and vision benefits. At the office, we offer a fully stocked kitchen with catered breakfast and lunch, table tennis and pool table, free membership at our on-site gym, Friday evening social hours with food, drink and music and a fun team of great people.
C3.ai is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.",4.5,"C3.ai
4.5","Redwood City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
85,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst,"$54k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you looking for a fresh challenge and an opportunity to further advance your career and grow with a fast growing company? If you have a passion for data and an adaptive out-of-the-box thinker with sharp analytical and problem-solving skills, exceptional organization, and able to multitask in a fast-paced environment, we have the perfect job for you!

We are looking for an enthusiastic Senior Business Intelligence Analyst who will be part of the USCCAs Marketing team to bring data to life by providing insights and actions through measurement of current marketing initiatives as well as those in the future.

The Analyst is responsible for accurate operational data reporting for specified marketing teams. This includes traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data for high level and detailed scorecards in addition to ad hoc reports based on specific marketing requests.

They will also perform exploratory analysis to provide recommendations to marketing based on proven data.

Duties/Responsibilities:
Supports Marketing area that includes Strategy, Retail and Product Marketing along with Media (earned, owned and paid) to collect, consume and act on analytics
Marketing traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data gathering
Filling out scorecards and tracking documents by designated times
Creating ad hoc or one-off reports to satisfy marketing questions
Discovering leading indicators and insights to improve marketing efficiency or performance.
Use data and statistics to support Marketing and formulate strategy
Visualize data for consumption and specific business action
Work with Marketing and BI team, to decide on the success metrics to measure
Organize cross-functional processes
Facilitate Innovation & Growth
Perpetuate a mentality of growth, innovation and ideation by way of staying informed of latest industry trends and methods
Be recognized as the thought leaders of self-defense education, training and trusted legal protection
Process Development & Execution
Participate in establishing and tracking KPIs to ensure all marketing initiatives are performing and growing as planned or better
Build long-term relationships with cross-functional teams, business partners across the organization and outside agencies
Willingness to enthusiastically accept many varied projects and new responsibilities as assigned
Qualifications/ Strengths:
Bachelors degree in Computer Sciences, Statistics, or related field
Work experience in Analytics, Scientific Research or related field
Experience with Marketing and Web Analytics a plus
Meticulous data gathering and reporting abilities
Have a cross-functional understanding of data (Marketing, Web Analytics, IT, & Finance)
Experience with data visualization or reporting tools
High level and granular understanding of marketing objectives
Ability to communicate with Marketing management and leadership
Strong analytical mindset and problem solving abilities
Ability to structure information
Affinity with Stratistics
Basic knowledge about IT ecosystem and programming
Strong organization skills
Ability to think creatively with a process-based mindset
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively to meet deadlines
Demonstrates the Core Values of Delta Defense, LLC
PM19

Powered by JazzHR",4.9,"Delta Defense LLC
4.9","West Bend, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
86,Senior Data Scientist Marketing,"$130k-$150k
(Employer Est.)","****This position is located in Clearwater, FL and is only temporarily remote due to current COVID restrictions.*****

KnowBe4, Inc. is a high growth information security company. We are the world's largest provider of new-school security awareness training and simulated phishing. KnowBe4 was created to help organizations manage the ongoing problem of social engineering. Tens of thousands of organizations worldwide use KnowBe4's platform to mobilize their end users as a last line of defense and enable them to make better security decisions, every day.

We have ranked a best place to work for women, millennials, and in technology nationwide by Fortune Magazine as well as #1 or #2 in The Tampa Bay Top Workplaces Survey for the last five years. We have also had 27 record-setting quarters in a row.

The Senior Data Scientist (Marketing) will work closely with the SVP of FP&A and Dir of Analytics to implement advanced analytical models and other data-driven solutions.

Responsibilities:
Work with stakeholders in marketing to identify opportunities to use available data to develop business solutions.
Enhance existing data collection procedures to ensure that all data relevant for analyses is captured.
Cleanse, consolidate, and verify the integrity of data used in analyses.
Build and validate predictive models to increase customer retention, revenue generation, and other business outcomes.
Assist in the design and data modeling of the data warehouse.
Visualize data, especially in reports and dashboards, to communicate analysis results to stakeholders.
Extend data collection to unstructured data within the company and external sources
Develop machine learning driven products for internal use.
Perform ad-hoc analysis, presentations and other projects as required
Minimum Qualifications:
Master's degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or other quantitative discipline. PhD preferred.
Master's degree 4+ yrs in similar role: PhD 3+ yrs
Experience with statistical computer languages (Python, R etc.) to manipulate and analyze large datasets.
Experience with databases, query languages, and associated data architecture.
Experience with data visualization tools like Looker, Tableau, PowerBI, or Plotly
Experience in professional application of machine learning algorithms such as Random Forest, SVM, k-NN, Naïve Bayes, Gradient Boosting. Deep learning frameworks (Keras/Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc.) is a plus
Experience applying data science to marketing including attribution modeling, media mix modeling, and ROI analysis.
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical colleagues
Experience with marketing automation platforms and/or CRM software is a plus (Hubspot, Salesforce, Marketo, etc.)
Experience with AWS is a plus
Note: An applicant assessment, background check and drug test may be part of your hiring procedure.

No recruitment agencies, please.",4.8,"KnowBe4
4.8","Clearwater, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
87,Data Engineer,"$86k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Data Engineer to provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The candidate will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Skills Requirements:
The successful candidate should have experience with scripting in Python and using Nifi. Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS is preferred or willingness to learn.
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality.
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS. Ability to communicate analysis to experts and lay persons alike.
Years of Experience: Minimum of 3 years experience.

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's degree in computer science, geography, or related field.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems
4.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
88,Research Data Analysts,"$31k-$55k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

This position is term-limited for one year at the start of the appointment.

In addition to your resume, please include a short summary (less than one page) with how this position fits within your career goals, why you are interested, and when you would be available to join the team

Reporting to Dr. Emily Martin or Dr. Marisa Eisenberg, you will be a critical part of the University of Michigan COVID response efforts. You will develop research and data collection strategies related to the campus-wide COVID-19 Community Sampling and Tracking program, the COVID-19 Dashboard and efforts related to data modeling and analysis of overall COVID response efforts. These programs will provide our public health experts with early warning signs and identify opportunities to slow COVID-19 transmission. You will work with a team of researchers and play an essential role in the public health response to COVID-19 by supporting initiatives that will add to our understanding of how the virus is affecting our community.
Develop research and data collection strategy to support program outcomes
Refine program and data collection strategy to support outcomes
Identify programmatic or data issues and build solutions
Design, develop and run complex research analyses and continuous improvement efforts
Collect data, ensure its integrity and interpret results
Create written communications, reports and recommendations
Coordinate with partners for data collection and submission
Write technical portions of grant proposals and manuscripts
Master's of Public Health in Epidemiology or Master’s Degree in Biostatistics or other related field
Formal training in large, public health research projects
3+ years of experience coordinating health-related research projects
Formal training and expert proficiency with R and SAS
In addition to a career filled with purpose and opportunity, the University of Michigan offers a comprehensive benefits package to help you stay well, protect yourself and your family and plan for a secure future. Benefits include:
Generous time off
A retirement plan that provides two-for-one matching contributions with immediate vesting
Many choices for comprehensive health insurance
Life insurance
Long-term disability coverage
Flexible spending accounts for healthcare and dependent care expenses
Michigan Public Health is seeking an experienced and dynamic staff member with a commitment to contributing to a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment for all members of our community.",4.4,"University of Michigan
4.4","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1817,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
89,Data Scientist - Risk,"$77k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientist (Risk)

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our technology and data driven approach to providing working capital, along with our accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ is searching for a Data Scientist (Risk) to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for building data driven tools to automate and scale risk decisions decision points include, fraud detection, commercial credit analysis, and invoice payment behavior. The ideal candidate is an experienced researcher and data wrangler who enjoys applying complex theories to solve real world business problems. The Data Scientist will need to collaborate effectively with both technical (engineers, data experts) and non-technical (business users) colleagues to bring the data to life.

Responsibilities of Data Scientist (Risk)
We have 20+ years of real-world commercial data weve observed businesses and their interactions with other businesses across market cycles, industries, and catastrophic events. Build risk tools that optimize for velocity and scale.
Build risk tools that optimize science & art you will work with risk experts who have been in the trenches (and learned from losses). Augment human decisions with machine.
Lay the foundation for scale. A data science framework for optimal data acquisition, model training and deployment. Dont take short-cuts. Bring quantitative and statistical rigor to your body of work.
Lead by example. You are joining a data team at ground-level. Building and inserting a data team, into a 20+ year old company (organism) will be hard, but rewarding.
Qualifications for Risk Data Scientist
Curiosity, Grit, and Humility
5+ years of experience of hands-on data science role
Previous experience of building commercial finance risk tools should be beneficial, but not required
Bachelor or Masters degree in Data Science, Operations Research, Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, or another quantitative field
A toolkit of modern data science techniques
Experience with any data science tools/packages: Python, R, SAS, XGBoost, TensorFlow, NLTK
Experience with any big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with any reporting tools: Tableau Server, Power BI, SSRS, Excel
Experience with any AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Aurora, S3
Experience with any Stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming
Position Type and Expected Hours of Work:

This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. Occasional evening and weekend work may be required as job duties demand.

Physical Demands:

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch.

Travel:

There will be minimal travel required for this position.

LSQ is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived, race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), sexual orientation, parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, any other non-merit based factor or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Our leadership team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities and general treatment during employment. If youd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm",4.4,"LSQ
4.4","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
90,Data Engineer,-1,"Data Engineer Northern, VA

Data Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Data Engineers to design and implement distributed, cloud-native data pipelines, storage systems, and query support. These capabilities will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on enabling machine learning and automation. Teams will be working in an Agile development environment and expected to identify and mitigate risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Architect, design, and implement updates and enhancements to data repositories and indices to support data ingest, enrichment, analysis, visualization, and dissemination
Perform database engineering and management activities associated with designing, developing, maintaining, and enhancing Big Data analytic systems using an Agile DevSecOps model
Integrate data from multiple sources in batches and real-time
Review, design, and develop data quality management processes and automated procedures intended to produce high levels of data integrity
Research and recommend solutions to complex problems
Oversee code reviews and delivering feedback regarding designs/code
Perform research and development and provide technical support to identify and integrate new and emerging technologies into the data environment
Design and implement storage and indexing strategies to provide efficient storage and retrieval to support visualizations such as graph-based and geospatial indices
Support design and development of data access APIs that allow enterprise access (as appropriate) to data
Develop or provide input to engineering artifacts associated with the data repositories
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 3 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Experience with SQL databases
Data transformation experience with scripting (Python, Java, Perl, PL/SQL) or platforms such as Spark, Talend, Knime, or Pentaho
Strong problem-solving skills
Good written and oral communications skills
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
Familiarity with SQL query engines, preferably PrestoDB or SparkSQL
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Experience integrating open API based data access and processing
DOD8570 IAT Level 1 or 2 certified (A+, Security+, etc. certification)
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
91,Sr Data Scientist,-1,"We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to work with one of our US-based clients, which is one of the oldest and most trusted sources of global and financial news. In addition to print news, our client owns one of the most popular websites in the world and diversified its business across a range of media including information services, book publishing, and digital real estate services.

The team will be architecting a highly-scalable platform to power data acquisition, categorization, calculations, and visualization.
You are the one if you have:
At least five years of experience working in data analysis and data mining
Experience using R and Python
Knowledge in business intelligence
Proven experience regarding data and server security and manipulating large amounts of survey data
Strong communications skills
AdTech experience is a plus
Text Mining and Sentiment Analysis is a big plus
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Scientist role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
92,Senior Data Scientist,"$89k-$149k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Data Scientist independently develops statistical models that will enable future growth and profitability for our book of business through appropriate pricing and underwriting of risk. He/she is responsible for the formulation of statistical models and direct application of models to address insurance business issues. You will start your Senior Data Scientist role at home and then transition to working in our Woodbridge, NJ office when it reopens.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Produces complex predictive models which enable the creation of rating plans and evaluation of risk and profitability.
Develops studies that evaluate new business models for customer retention and growth initiatives as well as estimate the lifetime value of customer segments.
Identifies drivers of insurance costs, understanding the economics of customers’ behavior and estimating the expected losses for segments of risks using advanced statistical and analytical techniques on large data sets.
Develop or participate in the development of the overall analytical framework to support the company’s strategy for growth
Communicates analysis, strategy and recommendations to diverse audiences, including technical and non-technical.
Collaborates with upper management to assess the potential effects of proposed solutions and incorporates these considerations into recommendations.
Manages projects of high complexity.
Perform other job-related duties as assigned.
Advanced skills and training in predictive modeling, data mining and other quantitative and research analytics (Non-Linear Regression Analysis, Multivariate Analysis, Bayesian Methods, Generalized Linear Models, Decision Trees, Non Parametric estimations, etc.).
Ability to apply various predictive modeling techniques to develop solutions to various real-world problems.
Hands-on experience developing and delivering structured, methodology projects.
Exceptional programming ability in SAS, SQL, R or other programming languages.
Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills.
In-depth understanding of database principles and experience working with large databases.
Ability to influence and guide across departmental boundaries.
Qualifications and Education
3 or more years of experience developing and implementing multivariate predictive models using GLM and other statistical methods. PhD in economics, statistics, or related field required.
Or in the alternative, a Master’s degree in Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field (foreign educational equivalent accepted) and five (5) years of experience as indicated above.
High level of organizational and project management experience handling multiple projects simultaneously
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Woodbridge, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
93,Data Analyst,-1,"At Big Health, our purpose is to help millions back to good mental health. Our “digital therapeutics” - Daylight™, for worry & anxiety, and Sleepio™, for poor sleep - are fully automated cognitive and behavioral programs that are as scalable and clinically validated as drugs. Our software combines the intimacy of the human voice, engaging animation, and clinically rigorous techniques to help people overcome their mental health challenges. Big Health’s products are backed by 50 published clinical papers including 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and are cited in leading clinical guidelines including the American College of Physicians and NICE. Today, over 12 million people worldwide have reimbursed access to Big Health’s products, via leading employers in the US and the UK’s NHS.

As an Analyst at Big Health, you will develop a definitive knowledge of user data for our products and use that knowledge to answer big-picture questions about how people interact with our products and what outcomes they achieve. Your work will ensure our products reach the people who need them, inform decisions all the way up to the executive level, and keep us ahead of the curve by identifying the metrics that matter.
Responsibilities and Outcomes
Provide accurate reporting on user engagement and behavior to internal consumers company-wide.
Consolidate frequent requests into dashboards and other on-demand resources.
Help the Customer Success and Sales teams make their cases with compelling quantitative claims and sound supporting evidence.
Identify trends in client, end user, and marketing data that make the Customer Success team more effective at driving adoption of our products. Write scripts that automate regular reporting to clients and partners.
Develop engaging ways to depict and present multifaceted outcomes data to clients.
Manage financial datasets and the processes for keeping them up-to-date and accurate.
Core Competencies
You should be able to write complicated SQL queries, be a power user of R or Python for data analysis and manipulation, have some experience with scripting, and have strong skills in Excel/ Google sheets.
Comprehensive data manipulation abilities that allow you to confidently transform data while maintaining its integrity using all the tools listed above.
Exceptional attention to detail - the numbers you share will have a big impact, so you will need to be sure that they reflect what you intend.
Strong communication and presentation skills. Analyzing and compiling data is only the first step - you also need to be able to effectively communicate your findings to the rest of the team (including people who aren’t familiar with data analysis).
Experience with stakeholder management. You will need to juggle diverse requests from across the company, so the ability to set expectations and hit the hard deadlines you agree to is essential.
Life at Big Health
Be part of a team that includes clinical psychologists, software engineers, business leaders and even a former professional magician [shh… it’s a secret].
Surround yourself with the smartest, most enthusiastic and dedicated people you’ll ever meet, but who listen well, learn from their mistakes and when things go wrong, generously pull together to help each other out
Check out our values - they’re a living, breathing part of our culture
Enjoy benefits including a generous vacation policy, professional development fund, flexible working locations and more.
Competitive salary packages including stock options.
Because we are on a mission to bring millions back to good mental health, we believe it’s essential to reflect the diversity of those we intend to serve. We’re an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building a culturally and experientially diverse team that leads with empathy and respect. Additionally, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance",4.9,"Big Health (CA)
4.9",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
94,Data Scientist,"$60k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We have an opportunity for a Data Scientist to join our talented Data Analytics team. The successful candidate will work with customers and the engagement team to support the project management, project data analysis, process improvement, data conversion, and integration needs of our federal customer.

Typical responsibilities include
Collecting large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources.
Cleaning and validating data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity.
Analyzing data to identify patterns and trends.
Developing solutions and integrating, extending, and contributing to Open Source software
Devising and applying models and algorithms to mine the stores of big data.
Interpreting data to discover solutions and opportunities.
Requirements
Active Secret Clearance
Strong client engagement skills
Experience with languages such as Python, R, SAS, and SQL
Experience with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab
Experience with designing, developing, and deploying analytic software and algorithms
BS degree in Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or another quantitative discipline
Desired skills
Experience with open source Big Data tools including Apache Spark or Apache NiFi
Experience with entity resolution
Experience with Natural Language Processing using modern deep learning techniques
Benefits

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies:
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US

NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.

ACCESSIBILITY NOTE

NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"").",4.1,"NetImpact Strategies
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
95,Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track,"$60k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track

Job Title

Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track

Job
ID

27241005

Duration

Location

Columbia,

MD

Other Location

Description

Dynamic, Fast-growing, Entrepreneurial Data Science Solutions Company seeking data Scientists! If you’ve got entrepreneurial spirit and passion, are driven by results, and want to be a part of significant growth, we’re looking for you!

BLEND360 is a multi-award winning Marketing Company who is privileged to provide our services to some of the most respected and recognized brands in the world. At BLEND360 it is all about advancing our clients marketing capabilities and performance.

If you are ready to ignite the fire for digital marketing and join our team, please keep reading!

*************************************************************************************

Our Data Science All Stars Program is a 6-month consultant training program for master’s graduates in Analytics, Statistics, and other quantitative programs. Participants will have the opportunity to learn from top Data Scientists, work on real-world analytics projects, and gain experience with Fortune 500 clients across a variety of verticals. They will work alongside our Data Scientists to get data into proper shape, perform statistical analyses and develop predictive models to solve our clients’ business problems.

The primary objective of this program is to develop participants into productive, client engaged BLEND360 employees and set the foundation to build a fast track career in one of 4 areas:

Data Science

Data Engineering

Marketing- Adobe Cloud

Marketing Analytics .

The All-star focused on Data Science will receive internal training on tools, technology platforms (R, SQL, Excel) and modeling processes, learn how to apply theory to actual client project work, and hone business skills and applications of Data Science skills on business problems.

The four main areas of training will be:
Analytical methods
Technology programs and platforms
Data management and analysis
Business applications and approaches
The Details:
Location: Columbia, MD
Travel: Up to 25% (could be as much as 30% - 40% depending on projects)
Duration:Full-time
Benefits:Health, Vision, Dental, 401K plan, Life Insurance, Pretax Commuter Benefits, and an incredibly supportive team cheering you on!
Desired Qualifications:
MS degree in Business Analytics, Statistics, Math, or another quantitative discipline
Previous Data Science or Analytical experience or internships
Knowledge of predictive modeling and statistical analysis, as well as machine learning, text mining, geo-spatial analytics, time series forecasting, or optimization
Experience with one or more Advanced Data Science software languages such as R, Python, MATLAB, SAS, Java, or PHP
Experience with structured or un-structured data analysis tools such as SQL, Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Hive, Pig, etc.
Experience with Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, or other digital analytics tools a plus",4.5,"Blend360
4.5","Columbia, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
96,Senior Data Scientist Marketing,"$130k-$150k
(Employer Est.)","****This position is located in Clearwater, FL and is only temporarily remote due to current COVID restrictions.*****

KnowBe4, Inc. is a high growth information security company. We are the world's largest provider of new-school security awareness training and simulated phishing. KnowBe4 was created to help organizations manage the ongoing problem of social engineering. Tens of thousands of organizations worldwide use KnowBe4's platform to mobilize their end users as a last line of defense and enable them to make better security decisions, every day.

We have ranked a best place to work for women, millennials, and in technology nationwide by Fortune Magazine as well as #1 or #2 in The Tampa Bay Top Workplaces Survey for the last five years. We have also had 27 record-setting quarters in a row.

The Senior Data Scientist (Marketing) will work closely with the SVP of FP&A and Dir of Analytics to implement advanced analytical models and other data-driven solutions.

Responsibilities:
Work with stakeholders in marketing to identify opportunities to use available data to develop business solutions.
Enhance existing data collection procedures to ensure that all data relevant for analyses is captured.
Cleanse, consolidate, and verify the integrity of data used in analyses.
Build and validate predictive models to increase customer retention, revenue generation, and other business outcomes.
Assist in the design and data modeling of the data warehouse.
Visualize data, especially in reports and dashboards, to communicate analysis results to stakeholders.
Extend data collection to unstructured data within the company and external sources
Develop machine learning driven products for internal use.
Perform ad-hoc analysis, presentations and other projects as required
Minimum Qualifications:
Master's degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or other quantitative discipline. PhD preferred.
Master's degree 4+ yrs in similar role: PhD 3+ yrs
Experience with statistical computer languages (Python, R etc.) to manipulate and analyze large datasets.
Experience with databases, query languages, and associated data architecture.
Experience with data visualization tools like Looker, Tableau, PowerBI, or Plotly
Experience in professional application of machine learning algorithms such as Random Forest, SVM, k-NN, Naïve Bayes, Gradient Boosting. Deep learning frameworks (Keras/Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc.) is a plus
Experience applying data science to marketing including attribution modeling, media mix modeling, and ROI analysis.
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical colleagues
Experience with marketing automation platforms and/or CRM software is a plus (Hubspot, Salesforce, Marketo, etc.)
Experience with AWS is a plus
Note: An applicant assessment, background check and drug test may be part of your hiring procedure.

No recruitment agencies, please.",4.8,"KnowBe4
4.8","Clearwater, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
97,Data Engineer,"$59k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary of Responsibilities

Codes and develops software applications. Works as part of a development team on the design and implementation of analytical applications, including current Business Intelligence technologies, modern programming languages (Python, Scala, R) and current SQL database skills. Conducts requirement analysis, produces design documents on proposed solutions, and delivers consistent, test-covered, high quality code in a timely fashion. Recommends and completes product revisions or enhancements based on feedback. Develops and maintains documentation as required.

Performs work under minimal supervision. Handles moderate to complex issues and problems, and engages higher-level staff on only the most complex issues as necessary. Possesses comprehensive knowledge of subject matter. Provides coaching, and/or mentoring to a subordinate group.

Preferred Experience and Skills

Four to Eight year of related experience
Technical expertise and detail orientated
Complex problem-solving and critical thinking skills
Analytical thinking skills
Ability to build collaborative skills
Agile/SCRUM methodology experience
Azure DevOps experience
Property and Casualty insurance experience
4+ years of Hands-on experience with SQL databases, SSIS/Informatica ETL, Power BI, Cloud based integration tools.
Knowledge of Data warehousing concepts, and data modeling using Kimball methodology.

Preferred Education and Training

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field

INDSP",3.5,"West Bend Mutual Insurance Company
3.5","West Bend, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1894,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
98,Data Engineer,-1,"Why you'll love working here:

Zylotech is a fast-growing company that rewards autonomy and creativity. Our team works hard, is fast and collaborative, and we encourage personal growth. There are many opportunities to work with other departments where you can interact with some incredibly talented people.

What you’ll do:
Coordinate with Product management and technical stakeholders to continue building our SaaS product data + decision pipe
Perform architecture design, data modeling, and implementation of Big Data platform or Data pipe
Architect and develop big data solutions on either AWS or GCP cloud platforms
Set up and manage big data infrastructure to ingest and process data from multiple sources for Enterprise customer deployment
Create scalable & robust data pipelines to transfer data from source to destination data stores
Player and coach across a team of big data engineers, ML engineers, data scientist towards agile shipping of features and milestone
What we seek:
Prior experience in building, developing, architect scalable big data applications from grounds up preferably in product startups.
2+ years of experience in Data Engineering
Experience working with Big Data stack, Big Map Reduce, Hive, Kafka, Impala, Hadoop, Big Query, Spark SQL, Spark Streaming, HBase etc
Experience in Databases (NoSQL and SQL)
Experience in creating Data-warehouses and scheduling automated ETL jobs
Experience in Docker and Kubernetes
Good Communication Skill, both verbal & written. Confident in communicating with business & technical stakeholders alike.
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field of study.
Important Personal Attributes:
You are curious about technology & science.
Team matters.
Challenging yourself is an intrinsic part of who you are.
Sharing and debating ideas to get to the right answer is important to you.
You seek to act and don’t wait to be told.
You like to teach those around you.
You are serious about your work but also believe that laughter and levity are important.
You work hard and you also have passions outside of work that enrich your life.
Winning is important to you, but so is how you win.
You take pride & ownership in building a Product and company who is disrupting an industry.
About Zylotech:

Zylotech is a self-learning customer intelligence platform that helps marketers create complete customer profiles for targeting revenue opportunities more effectively. Powered by AutoML, the platform continuously unifies and enriches internal and external data, and performs ongoing micro-segmentation, pattern discovery, and recommendations, all while integrating with a variety of marketing clouds for on-demand accessibility. Zylotech’s cross-industry clients have reported up to a 6x increase in customer lift. For more information, visit Zylotech.com.

Zylotech is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant because of race, creed, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, veteran status, military status, application for military service or any other class protected by state or federal law.

To all recruitment agencies: Zylotech does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Zylotech employees or any other company location. Zylotech is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly.

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer-sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.",3.4,"Zylotech
3.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
99,Data Scientist,"$60k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We have an opportunity for a Data Scientist to join our talented Data Analytics team. The successful candidate will work with customers and the engagement team to support the project management, project data analysis, process improvement, data conversion, and integration needs of our federal customer.

Typical responsibilities include
Collecting large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources.
Cleaning and validating data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity.
Analyzing data to identify patterns and trends.
Developing solutions and integrating, extending, and contributing to Open Source software
Devising and applying models and algorithms to mine the stores of big data.
Interpreting data to discover solutions and opportunities.
Requirements
Active Secret Clearance
Strong client engagement skills
Experience with languages such as Python, R, SAS, and SQL
Experience with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab
Experience with designing, developing, and deploying analytic software and algorithms
BS degree in Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or another quantitative discipline
Desired skills
Experience with open source Big Data tools including Apache Spark or Apache NiFi
Experience with entity resolution
Experience with Natural Language Processing using modern deep learning techniques
Benefits

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies:
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US

NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.

ACCESSIBILITY NOTE

NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"").",4.1,"NetImpact Strategies
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
100,Data Analyst,-1,"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking a Senior Data Analyst for Role in Washington, DC

My name is Stephen Hrutka and I am the owner of a Veteran Owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the VA, SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

One of my Veteran-owned clients is looking for a Senior Data Analyst to support a Federal Client in Washington, DC. The ideal candidate has VA experience and experience within the financial management office.

If this role is not a fit for you but you may know someone, I am glad to offer a referral bonus for any successful placements.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
HRUCKUS LLC

Executive Summary: HRUCKUS is seeking a Senior Data Analyst with 8 years of experience to support a Federal Client in Washington, DC.

Overall Job Description: This position will provide support services to a Federal Client in their initiative to provide fraud prevention services for the VBA in addressing its improper payment and fraud prevention/investigation needs.

Position Responsibilities:
Performs tasks which may include obtaining data through advanced computerized models
Extrapolating data patterns through advanced algorithms
Developing simple graphs and charts to explain how the mathematical information will influence the specific project or business
Presenting to managers how to best alter their business models to generate profitable future trends
Education Requirement: BA/BS degree",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
101,Aviation Data Scientist & Machine Learning Engineer,"$106k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
102,Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Deep Learning & Algorithms),"$74k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB TITLE

Research Engineer-Deep Learning Theory and Algorithms
Requisition ID

DSA31988
OVERVIEW
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. in San Diego is searching for research engineers at all levels. Candidate will work as part of a team on research and development of algorithms and theory of machine learning. Candidate will research fundamental theoretical aspects of deep learning as well as develop novel techniques to advance the theory and practice of deep learning. Candidate can also apply the developed theory and algorithms to advance the performance of multimedia applications, such as computer vision, augmented reality, natural language processing, or speech processing.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Understand state of the art machine/deep learning concepts, theory, and applications.
Research algorithms and theory of learning.
Develop machine/deep learning algorithms for mobile processors.
Develop simulators and analyze the performance.
Produce key intellectual property for machine/deep learning.

REQUIRED SKILLS
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Expertise in machine/deep learning, optimization, probability theory, statistical inference, information theory, signal processing, and/or image processing
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
C/C++, Python, and/or MATLAB coding skills
Publications in highly ranked journals and conferences
PhD is required

PREFERRED SKILLS
Experience on popular deep learning frameworks

*********************************************************************************************************************** Samsung Semiconductor Inc (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays. ***********************************************************************************************************************
Learn more about Samsung Semiconductor here.

A day in the life Samsung Video

Samsung Semiconductor Career Page",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
103,Data Scientist,"$94k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","When you’re the best, we’re the best. We instill an environment where employees feel engaged, satisfied and able to contribute their unique skills and talents. We provide extensive opportunities for personal and professional development, building both employee competence and organizational capability to fuel exceptional performance now and in the future.

Summary:

In this role, you will conduct sophisticated data analysis to help address critical business and member questions, the outputs of which enable members to drive improvements in clinical, operational, and economic outcomes.

Responsibilities:

Provide analysis to identify critical issues/questions around member performance.

Conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.

Generate hypotheses and analyze data to test and interpret results.

Design and develop data models to predict member outcomes or future impact of key member decisions.

Communicate findings from exploratory and predictive data analysis broadly to team and leaders.

Identify improvement opportunities in reporting and BI tools and collaborate with Products Technology to implement enhancements.

Serve as the resident data expert and share best practices/approaches for statistics, machine learning techniques, data modeling, simulation and advanced mathematics.

Collaborate with key leaders and clinicians to build analytical acumen across all analytic roles in the organization.

Qualifications:

Relevant degree preferred. Advanced degree a plus.

5 or more years of relevant work experience.

Proficient programming experience using SAS/Python/R.

Demonstrated ability to manage large disparate data sets and using quantitative and qualitative analysis.

Experience effectively communicating and presenting data to a variety of audiences required.

Experience working with health care administrative claims data (ICD-10, MS-DRG, CPT/HCPCS) or electronic medical record data tools (Epic Clarity/Caboodle, Cerner CCL-Discern/PowerInsight) strongly preferred.

#LI-DM

#IDS

Equal Opportunity Employer: Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The Company is committed to equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, gender identity, ethnicity, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability status, veteran status or any other category protected by applicable law.",3.8,"Vizient, Inc.
3.8","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
104,AI Ops Data Scientist,"$116k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company

AstraZeneca is a global, innovation-driven biopharmaceutical business that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of prescription medicines for some of the world's most serious diseases. But we're more than one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. At AstraZeneca, we're proud to have a unique workplace culture that inspires innovation and collaboration. Here, employees are empowered to express diverse perspectives and are made to feel valued, energized and rewarded for their ideas and creativity.

Role

We are looking for a data scientist to join our new AI Ops platform team in Science IT. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working in a range of different cloud environments where they devised and deployed large-scale production infrastructure and platforms for data science. The position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting data & prediction problems in drug discovery.

The successful candidate will be part of a new, close-knit team of deeply technical experts and together have the chance to create tools that will advance the standard of healthcare, improving the lives of millions of patients across the globe. Our data science environments will support major AI initiatives such as clinical trial data analysis, knowledge graphs, imaging & omics for our therapy areas. You will also have responsibility to help provide the frameworks for data scientists to develop scalable machine learning and predictive models with our growing data science community, in a safe and robust manner.

As a strong software leader and an expert in building complex systems, you will be responsible for inventing how we use technology, machine learning, and data to enable the productivity of AstraZeneca. You will help envision, build, deploy and develop our next generation of data engines and tools at scale. You will be bridging the gap between science and engineering and functioning with deep expertise in both worlds.

Key Accountabilities
Liaise with R&D data scientists to understand their challenges and work with them to help productionise models and algorithms.
Be part of the development roadmap to build and operationalise our data science environment, platforms and tooling.
Support any external opportunities, through close partnership and engagement such as Benevolent.AI collaboration.
Deployment of systems, applications and tooling for data science on cloud environments.
Understanding of the necessary guardrails required for different use cases and data sensitivities.
Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU).
Provide the necessary infrastructure and platform to support the deployment and monitoring of ML solutions in production Optimizing solutions for performance and scalability.
Liaise with the Data Engineering team to ensure that the platform and the solutions deployment therein benefit from an optimised and scalable data flow between source systems and analytical models
Implementing custom machine learning code and developing benchmarking capabilities to monitor drift of any analyses over time.
Understanding of the latest AI webservices and data science tools, from DataBricks to citizen data science tools like Dataiku, C3.AI and Domino. Experience working on regulatory data would be helpful but not essential.
Liaise with other teams to enhance our technological stack, to enable the adoption of the latest advances in Data Processing and AI
Being an active member of the Data Science team, you will benefit from, and contribute to, our expanding bank of Data Science algorithms and work efficiently with our data science infrastructure.
Testing and assessing the quality of new tools.
Team recruitment, training provision and coaching
Candidate Knowledge, Skills and Experience
BSc in Computer Science or related quantitative field or MSc/Ph.D degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field.
More than 2 years of experience and demonstrable deep technical skills in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, natural language processing or computer vision.
Experience managing an enterprise platform and service, handling new customer demand and feature requests.
Strong software coding skills, with proficiency in Python and Scala preferred.
Significant experience with AWS cloud environments, working knowledge of Google and Azure platforms. Knowledge of Kubernetes, S3, EC2, Sagemaker, Athena, RDS and Glue is essential. Certification in appropriate areas will be viewed favourably.
Experience with best practice of data transport and storage within cloud system.
Experience building large scale data processing pipelines. e. g. Hadoop/Spark and SQL.
Experience provisioning computational resources in a variety of environments.
Experience with containers and microservice architectures e.g. Kubernetes, Docker and serverless approaches.
Experience with automation strategies e.g. CI/CD, gitops.
Use of Data Science modelling tools e.g. R, Python, SAS and Data Science notebooks (e.g. Jupyter).
Creative, collaborative, & product focused.
Ability to just get things done.",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
105,Staff Data Scientist,-1,"We are a company of passionate individuals striving to improve healthcare and patient experiences. Our evidence-based medical content and software tools empower both payers and providers to make the best decisions for patients. Our work makes a difference in the quality of care that hundreds of thousands of patients receive each day and we're proud of our positive impact.

MCG Health's Data Science Solutions Team is responsible for building, delivering, evolving and operating the company's Data Science Solutions. These solutions empower doctors, nurses and patients to make the best decisions for health outcomes and quality of life factors valued by patients. The primary purpose of the Senior Data Scientist is to provide thought leadership and pragmatic technical leadership to the Data Science Solutions group and their use of AI, Data Science, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing Technologies.

In this role you will:
Collaborate with business, product, technical stakeholders and team members to deliver innovative solutions that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare delivery
Be an expert on problems that matter to MCG's markets / clients, and propose approaches to leverage data, AI / ML / NLP / DS technologies and MCG's assets to address these problems
Contribute to establishing a team environment of collaboration, excellence and innovation
Provide thought leadership regarding the continually advancing state of the art of readily available AI technologies and cloud-based services that are relevant to MCG products and solutions
Contribute to establishment and evolution of methodologies for development and maintenance of data science models, to ensure effective usage and rapid, continuous improvement
Contribute to technology choices (build, buy, use open source) to support rapid experimentation and development of data models that can be readily transitioned to production
Collaborate with DSS and/or MCG software engineering leadership to deploy platforms to support data ingestion from internal and external sources, and to deploy platforms to support continuous transformation of successful models into production usage
Partner with MCG technical leadership team to ensure compliance with security, privacy (HIPAA), regulatory and other obligations
Represent MCG's Data Science Solutions group, products and technologies to business and technical stakeholders at client companies and industry groups / associations
We'd love to hear from you if:
You have a minimum 5 years experience working with AI technologies
You have demonstrated experience building one or both of: Predictive / classification models using Machine Learning techniques, NLP systems using Deep Learning, or other techniques
You have demonstrated experience delivering successful ML and/or NLP solutions to the marketplace is required.
You have demonstrated experience working with software engineers to design and deliver Data Science platforms and tooling for use by a Data Science team is required; this may include creating such a platform from the ground up or successful configuration / deployment / usage of third-party platforms augmented by internally built tooling as needed
You have demonstrated experience with cloud-based data science services
You have demonstrated experience mentoring and providing technical leadership for data science model experimentation, and ongoing enhancement / evolution of solutions
You have demonstrated the ability to think ""outside the box"" and identify business problems appropriate to usage of AI / ML / NLP / DS techniques is required
You have demonstrated proficiency with lean system development practices successfully applied to deliver business value at sustainable velocity
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity, and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. It is only with diverse thoughts and ideas that we'll be able to create the change we want in healthcare. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be for it.",4.6,"MCG Health
4.6",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
106,Associate Data Scientist,"$81k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

As an Associate Data Scientist, you will apply modern data storage, movement, and transformation architectures and techniques to extract and engineer features from any scale structured or unstructured data in health, IT system, business processes, or external data. You will also access, cleanse, compile, and transform disparate data sets to conduct exploratory and pre-defined analyses using scientifically valid techniques and generate meaningful insights as well as assist with feasibility studies to identify data availability, quality and modeling requirements, and dependencies.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Master’s Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Analytics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Software Engineering, Data Science, or related field, or equivalent relevant work experience
At least 1 year of statistical programming and applied programming work experience
At least 1 year Data mining, quantitative analysis, and/or statistical modeling including predictive performance and algorithm optimization work experience
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with relational databases and SQL; NoSQL databases (hBase, Cassandra, MongoDB, Couch DB, Riak) and unstructured data; Spark; Pig and Avro
Experience with agile software development methodologies
Expectations
Willing to travel up to 20% of the time as needed
Must be currently residing in or willing to relocate to the Kansas City metro area",4.0,"Cerner
4.0","North Kansas City, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
107,Data Scientist,"$84k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

As an early to mid-career Data Scientist, you might be wondering what makes MITRE different than other government contractors and consulting firms. Many of our recent hires answered YES to at least one of the questions below:
Are you interested in contributing to technical projects that you can feel passionate about?
Are you tired of having your performance tied to billable hours?
Do you want to work in the public interest?
Do you want to feel like your ideas are valued and you are more than just an FTE?
Are you interested in working for a company where a 40-hour week is the norm and not the exception?
Do you want exceptional benefits, including tuition reimbursement for coursework towards an advance degree in a technical discipline?
The Model-Based Analytics Department is seeking a motivated, creative Data Scientist for MITRE’s Mclean, VA or Bedford, MA locations to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to interact directly with government leaders in a fast-paced and dynamic atmosphere with the ability to make a difference and impact outcomes with solid analysis.

Our employees are expected to work on multiple projects, cross-pollinate good ideas across the government and continuously learn. We are truly an interdisciplinary department that thrives on having a large toolbox to support data- and model-driven decision making. We value people who can bring diverse perspectives.

Our department works to solve problems in the public interest, in partnership with the government. We also actively conduct independent research in areas of interest to our government partners. Once established with a proven track record of quality delivery and consistent performance, members of our department have latitude to select projects

To be successful you will:
Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.
Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.
Work with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.
Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.
Work on or lead projects throughout their life cycle, including conceptualization, requirements definition, data procurement, development, integration, and socialization.
Required Qualifications

Candidates will be required to have:
Ability to obtain a DoD Secret Clearance.
Significant academic background in a quantitative field such as Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, or Statistics.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations with at least one modern programming language like Python (utilizing packages like scikit-learn, pandas, or dask), SAS, R (utilizing packages like caret, dplyr, or data.table), Matlab, C++, or Java or a business intelligence platform like Tableau, Looker, or QlikView.
Experience visualizing multi-dimensional data using tools like Tableau, ggplot2, Plotly, matplotlib, seaborn, or D3.js.
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
Familiarity with working in cloud-based environments like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, or Microsoft Azure.
Demonstrated experience working on or leading customer facing engagements emphasizing data analytics.
Preferred Qualifications

Preference will be given to candidates with desired experience including:
Advanced degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or other related technical field of study.
Experience leading or conducting research.
Experience designing data science tasking and/or leading a team of data scientists.
Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines).
Prior experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j).
Experience using version control (e.g., Git, Mercurial, SVN) to support collaborative development.
Experience utilizing notebooks (e.g., Jupyter, R Markdown, Zepellin),
Prior experience developing interactive data visualizations using open source web technologies (e.g., Angular, Vue, React, D3.js) or other frameworks (e.g., Shiny, Plotly Dash).
Prior experience developing data-intensive full stack containerized web applications using Node.js, Flask, Django, or other technologies.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","Bedford, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
108,Data Engineer,"$51k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer

Benefits Data Trust (BDT)
seeks a capable Data Engineer to help develop our new Google Cloud data platform and run our current data infrastructure. BDT embraces Data4Good and is a fast-growing, digitally enabled non-profit that improves benefits access for thousands of underserved people.

As part of our Data Engineering team in our Data Science department, the Data Engineer will:
Build out our new GCP data platform and collaborate on architectural patterns for it with the Data Engineering team
Support the development of machine learning models with productionizing, monitoring and alerting tools
Write, update, and maintain ETL jobs across our data pipelines (mostly in Airflow)
Implement continuous improvements using our existing tools/technologies, which include SQL, Airflow, Python, Docker/Kubernetes, and others such as Terraform and Apache Beam. May also be expected to research and select other tools when the situation demands
Collaborate with internal customers to identify ongoing platform improvements (teams including Analytics, Projects, Policy, Software Engineering, and others throughout the organization)
Consult to software engineers on data-related changes to BDT’s suite of software applications, including schema/model design, table structure, and data collection
Engage with colleagues and collaborators using curiosity, critical thinking, a drive to completion, empathy, and a focus on impact
Follow existing data access and performance design standards for the data platform, software engineering, and all products and services accessing BDT information
Based in our Center City Philadelphia office, the Data Engineer reports to the Director of Data Science.

Due to COVID-19, BDT is operating under a remote-working protocol, following governmental requirements and CDC guidelines. While this job will begin as fully remote, when BDT determines it is safe to do so based on public health recommendations, we will move back into our Centre Square office. At that time, all Philadelphia-based staff are expected to transition back into the office.

Successful candidates will demonstrate the following through their experience (typically 3-5 years as a Data Engineer):
Communication and Relationship-building – with technical peers and some stakeholders
Cloud-based Solution Implementation, of data platforms and infrastructure, including event-driven architectures, microservices and pattern design, supporting compliance and regulated environments (including PII and PHI)
Workflow and pipeline development to ensure reliability, availability, and consistency
Systems Engineering – on-system service management, typically in *nix environments
Data Modeling and Warehousing – proficient understanding of relational data structures and schemas; some familiarity with semi-structured, unstructured (big data) schemas
Automation, monitoring, and alerting – creating these tools based on existing designs and frameworks; resolving bugs and issues
Cloud engineering – working towards certification on any of the major hyperscale cloud platforms
Data Encapsulation & Transfer methodologies – understands standards for file formats and transfer methods
Also interested in relevant experience including:
o Experience with BI implementations/uplifts (we currently use Looker) and/or Data Governance models and methods
o Machine learning techniques, productionizing machine learning models, and/or creating models
About BDT

Benefits Data Trust (BDT) is a national nonprofit that helps people live healthier, more independent lives by creating smarter ways to access essential benefits and services. Each year, BDT helps tens of thousands of people receive critical supports using data, technology, targeted outreach, and policy change. Since its inception in 2005, BDT has screened more than one million households and secured over $7 billion in benefits and services. BDT employs more than 200 people and provides enrollment assistance to individuals in six states, and policy assistance to states nationwide. For more information, visit bdtrust.org.",3.3,"Benefits Data Trust
3.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
109,"Senior Data Scientist (Palo Alto, CA or Remote US)",-1,"The Opportunity

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered price and promotions. Eversight's proprietary cloud-based SaaS solution brings AI and continuous experimentation to consumer brands and retailers. Our software acts as a coach, enabling market leaders to transform pricing and promotion strategy for the $3.4 trillion spent in consumer goods retail using intelligent, real-time data and insights.

Reporting directly to the Head of Data Science, you will be at the center of what determines Eversight's success as a company. You will analyze the data and develop production code using the newest Data Science and Machine Learning techniques to determine the optimal prices and promotions for major product manufacturers and retailers that sell these products.

Responsibilities
Research, implement and modify modern Data Science techniques. More specifically:
Build Statistical and Machine Learning models that describe the impact of prices and promotions on shopper behavior, including behavioral pricing effects. You'll need to find middle ground between using flexible modern AI methods and proven classical methods.
Develop Optimization and Experiment Design systems, which determine the best prices to set for each product in each store each week. Finding a good balance on the exploration-exploitation tradeoff will be important.
Design and run pricing experiments across hundreds of stores and tens of thousands of products
Create model validation methods to make sure that our models are accurate and to quantify the impact of our solutions on the clients' bottom line
Work with Product Management to generate ideas and quickly turn them into efficient, well-tested, functioning code (we mostly use Python)
Partner with the Engineering team to create highly scalable solutions
Serve as Data Science expert both within Eversight and for our clients
Lead custom analyses and connect them to actionable Business and Product insights
Help prioritize new feature development by assessing potential impact
Be a go-to resource for science-related questions about the product
Behavioral Profile
Analytical, framework thinker
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment
Highly collaborative
Strong at translating Data Science concepts to non-technical audiences
Business focused; measures work in its contributions to business outcomes and prioritizes effort against deliverables accordingly
Minimum Qualifications
5+ years of relevant experience in Data Science and/or Machine Learning with direct impact on business value
B.S., M.S., or PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Machine Learning, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science or relevant quantitative field
Strong understanding of Generalized Linear Models
Ability to write efficient code in Python
Experience with Hypothesis Testing and Maximum Likelihood Estimation
Preferred Qualifications
Team leadership experience strongly preferred
Startup experience strongly preferred
Experience in A/B testing and Design of Experiments
Agile experience
Experience with NumPy and Pandas (or equivalent experience in R)
Strong in math and statistics: Linear Algebra, Bayesian Methods, Regressions, Calculus
Experience in Machine Learning methods: Neural Networks (Deep Learning, Embeddings, Sequence Modeling, CNN), Tree-based methods (GBDT, Random Forest), Regularization Methods (L1/L2 penalties, Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction)
Demand Modeling, Pricing, and Causal Inference experience


Location

Palo Alto, CA

About the Company

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered pricing and promotions. Global brands and retailers rely on the Eversight platform to optimize pricing in response to market conditions and to deliver higher ROI on promotional spend. Eversight's Pricing Suite and Offer Innovation Suite solutions are driving strong margin and sales volume improvements for leading companies such as Coca-Cola, General Mills, Raley's, and Rite Aid. Founded in 2013, Eversight is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, with offices in Chicago and New York.",4.2,"Eversight
4.2",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
110,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"About SecurityScorecard:


SecurityScorecard is an industry-leading cybersecurity company backed by Google, Sequoia, and Riverwood. Our mission is to make the world a safer place. We measure your and your vendors' cyber-health by assigning a security rating of ""A"" through ""F"" based on outside-in, non-intrusive data. Our Comprehensive security ratings, advanced data analytics, and actionable insights discover Third-Party Vulnerabilities & Security Gaps In Real-Time.
We are headquartered in NYC with over 200+ employees globally, raised over $110M USD, used by 1,000+ enterprise customers, and rating 1.5 million companies. We have created a new category of enterprise software, and our culture has helped us be recognized as one of the 10 hottest SaaS startups in NY for two years in a row.
Our vision is to create a new language for companies and their partners to communicate, understand, and improve each other's security posture.

What you will do:


As a Senior Software Engineer on the Data Pipeline Platform team, you will help us scale, support, and build the next-generation platform for our data pipelines. The team's mission is to empower data scientists, software engineers, data engineers, and threat intelligence engineers accelerate the ingestion of new data sources and present the data in a meaningful way to our clients.

You will design and implement systems for ingesting, transforming, connecting, storing, and delivering data from a wide range of sources with varying levels of complexity and scale. You will enable other engineers to deliver value rapidly with minimum duplication of effort. Automate the infrastructure supporting the data pipeline as code and deployments by improving CI/CD pipelines. Monitor, troubleshoot, and improve the data platform to maintain stability and optimal performance.

Who you are:
Bachelor's degree or higher in a quantitative/technical field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Math
6+ years of data pipeline software development experience
Exceptional skills in at least one high-level programming language (Scala, Java, Go, Python or equivalent)
Actively using and a strong understanding of big data technologies such as Kafka, Spark, Storm, Apache Flink, Databricks toolkit and Cassandra
Experience with Dataflow orchestration in Google Cloud Flow, Airflow, or Conductor
Experience with AWS services including EMR, S3, Redshift, and RDS
Excellent communication skills to collaborate with cross-functional partners and independently drive projects and decisions
Previous experience working in distributed teams. We are a remote-first company!
Located in the U.S. or Canada
Benefits:
Competitive salary
Full health benefits
Stock options
401K
You are always welcome to work from home
$3000 per year education fund
#1 Ranked Cybersecurity Analytics company in the word
SecurityScorecard embraces diversity. We believe that our team is strengthened through hiring and retaining employees with diverse backgrounds, skillsets, ideas, and perspectives. We make hiring decisions based upon merit and do not discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.",4.1,"SecurityScorecard
4.1",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
111,Data Scientist,"$88k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","POSITION SUMMARY:

The Data Scientist is a highly motivated and experienced individual who likes to work in a multi-disciplinary team. The Data Scientist will be instrumental in the analysis and interpretation of high-throughput molecular data. Additionally, the individual in this role should have solid Data Science background and be strongly goal-oriented with a focus on real-world impact.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Statistical and bioinformatics analyses of high-throughput molecular data
Interaction with internal and external collaborators to understand, design, and develop the requested solutions
Development and execution of data analysis protocols to support the company's discovery pipeline
Presentation of scientific results internally and externally
Preparation and submission of scientific manuscripts for review and publication
Other duties as assigned
REQUIREMENTS:
Requires a Ph.D. in Bioinformatics, Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Sciences or related field with 0-3 years of experience; or an MS with 5-7 years of industry experience
Proficiency in R is required. Experience in Bioconductor is preferred
Experience in Linux and Big Data technologies
Experience in Scala, C, Python and MySQL is a plus
Experience in working with Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) is a plus
Proven ability to find creative and practical solutions to complex problems
Proven experience in applying Data Science methodologies to extract, process, and transform data from multiple sources
Proven ability to deliver outputs in a comprehensive format that highlights major trends, avoid miss-interpretations and value the conclusions
Proven ability to demonstrate attention to detail and record-keeping
Quick learner, extremely flexible and adaptable to the needs of internal collaborators in a dynamic environment
Ability to efficiently work in multiple projects
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Must be able to work in a team-oriented environment",4.1,"Berg Health
4.1","Framingham, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
112,Software Engineer (Data),-1,"Second Measure is building products that leverage de-identified transaction data to help companies better understand consumer spend behavior and propensities, and help investors understand companies' performance and consumer spend shifts. We apply advanced data science techniques on large, complex data sets to ensure the highest quality of data and insights.

As a Data Engineer at Second Measure, you will be a technical contributor in the team responsible for building, managing data pipelines and enriching transaction data. You will work under the architectural guidance of Leads and Sr. engineers to build pipelines that run reliably, process billions of transactions, and provide daily updates, so that our high value clients can formulate their marketing and investment strategies.

In this role, you'll:
Design-code-test-deploy
Build on top of existing data architecture, extending pipelines in order to deliver new insights to customers
Use Scala, Python, SQL to improve/extend business logic
Pair with Sr. Engineers to develop features and work with Data Scientists, ex: translate SQL to Spark applications
Work with AWS technologies (SQS, SNS, EMR, EKS) to deploy and manage pipelines
Work in an agile environment
About you:
At least 3+ years work experience building components in complex systems using Java, Python, or Scala + Spark, Hive and Presto
Experience working with data pipelines
Understanding of microservices, RESTful systems, event driven architecture
Familiarity with container and orchestration frameworks (Docker, Kubernetes)
Solid understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals
Hunger to identify and automate manual processes in the pipeline
Our Tech Stack/Development Tools:

S3, Hive Metastore, Spark, Presto, AWS SNS, SQS, EKS, ECR, Batch Terraform, Helm, Prometheus, Grafana, Go, Python, Scala, Redshift, Waggledance, Argo, Github, CircleCI, Docker

Have questions about why/how we use these? Let's talk!

Working at Second Measure:
Highly competitive compensation, systematized to promote fairness and break down traditional gender, race, and age pay gaps
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits for employees and their families
401(k) with company matching (up to 4% of annual salary)
Unlimited paid time off and flexible work arrangements
Generous paid parental leave
Pre-tax FSAs and commuter benefits
Life insurance, disability plans, and legal assistance
*Note on remote ability:

We are all working from home at least through 2020 to keep our team safe and healthy. We hope to (at some point) to work from our San Mateo, CA HQ or NYC office in some capacity in 2021 and it would be great if you are based in the Bay Area or NYC. That said, we are open to remote on a permanent basis, granted you would need to be based in one of the following states: AL, CA, CO, IL, NJ, NY, or WA.",4.9,"Second Measure
4.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
113,Claims Data Scientist,-1,"About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary
As a Claims Data Scientist at ConcertAI, you will be responsible for data exploration, and analysis on patient data for various stakeholders in the oncology and healthcare domain, including claims and claims-clinical linked data assets. You will report to the Vice President of Data Products. You should have a good mix of programming/CS, visualization, stats/math, and ML skills (with a particular strength in at least 2 of those areas), and ideally, you have been applying those skills in healthcare. You should have previous experience with healthcare claims. You will design methods and models around client driven needs and you will collaborate with various subject matter experts to inform those methods. You will assist the client delivery team with insights, dashboards, and ad-hoc analytics. You will also work with the engineering team to build prototypes and models for new product development.
Responsibilities
Understand external claims data assets and oversee the ingestion, processing, de-identification, and provisioning for data assets and research projects.
Understand client / product needs and translate them into tactical R&D initiatives with defined goals and timelines.
Reason about healthcare specific problems to analyze visualize, interpret, and contextualize results.
Run a variety of analytics from data QA to complex models.
Become the internal subject matter expert on all things claims.
Implement models using high level software packages (SKlearn, R, TensorFlow, Spark).
Collaborate on software projects with engineers, providing analytical guidance and contributing to codebase.
Requirements
BSc or higher in a STEM field, with formal training in CS, stats, and math.
Strong programming abilities in at least one high level language (python, stata, R).
Knowledge of statistical methods- regression, ANOVA, EDA, PCA, etc.
Basic visualization skills- matplotlib/seaborn/plotly/etc, tableau.
Experience with big data – Cloud data warehouses, cluster computing, Spark, MapReduce/Hadoop.
Experience with healthcare claims data
Intimate familiarity with the python data science stack (pandas, sklearn, numpy/scipy).
Firm understanding of claims data processing and adjudication, including rejections, re-submissions, and identifying final claims.
Ideal candidate would have a competency around linking EMR and claims data via identity management.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .",3.6,"ConcertAI
3.6",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
114,Senior Data Scientist 3 Artificial Intelligence,"$70k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311094

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 5 years of experience, Masters with 3 years of experience or PHD with 1 year of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
115,Mid-Level Data Scientist,-1,Job Description BTS is seeking a Mid Level Data Scientist to support NORTHCOM J2 in Colorado Springs CO Conducts data analytics data engineering data mining exploratory analysis predictive analysis and statistical analysis and uses scientific techniques to correlate data into graphical written visual and verbal narrative products enabling more informed analytic decisions Proactively retrieves information from various sources analyzes it for better understanding about the data set and builds AI tools that automate certain processes Duties typically include creating various ML based tools or processes such as recommendation engines or automated lead scoring systems Performs statistical analysis applies data mining techniques and builds high quality prediction systems Should be skilled in data visualization and use of graphical applications including Microsoft Office Power BI and Tableau; major data science languages such as R and Python; managing and merging of disparate data sources preferably through R Python or SQL; statistical analysis; and data mining algorithms Should have prior experience with large data Multi INT analytics ML and automated predictive analytics Requisite Skill Requirements Bachelor degree with 4 6 years of relevant subject matter experience or specialized training & 4 8 years subject matter experience or equivalent intelligenceacademic experience Senior level contractor personnel work independently with moderate Government oversight provide comprehensive and completed products that may require multiple Senior Intelligence AnalystOfficer SIASIO minor revisions andor editing and develop and manage plan of actions and milestones Additional duties as directed Demonstrates comprehensive mission knowledge and skills that affirms completion of all developmental training and experiences for the labor categoryDemonstrates ability to communicate understanding from information that may be incomplete indirect highly complex seemingly unrelated and or technically advanced Demonstrates ability to structure analysis based on trends in reporting and a range of analytic perspectives from other analysts organizations and intelligence disciplinesDemonstrates ability to work independently with minimal oversight and directionDemonstrates ability to collaborate and work with other IC members on information sharing driving collection and addressing analytic disputes and conflict resolutionDemonstrates ability to develop concise insightful and comprehensive products for defense intelligenceDemonstrates ability to lead teams in researching multifaceted or critical problems Provides guidance in selecting designing and applying analytic methodologies Uses argument evaluation and validated analytic methodologies to challenge differing perspectivesDesired Experience At least 8 years of experience conducting analysis relevant to the specific labor category with at least a portion of the experience within the last 2 yearsDesired Education Bachelors degree in an area related to the labor category from a college or university accredited by an agency recognized by the US Department of EducationCompany Overview BTS Software Solutions is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business who are community focused innovators who transform ideas into technology to serve people We recognize that innovation is only valuable when applied towards a needed solution Technology has no value without the hard work to turn ideas into reality Our roots are in helping save Soldiers lives through technology We bring that ethos to serving our community We create solutions that touch peoples lives products to communicate to connect companies with customers to stay informed to save lives and to enhance lives We have a small company persona with a large company ethos and capabilities; we create elegant solutions for complex problems that will enrich peoples lives We offer one of the best benefits packages in the industry Competitive health benefits package PTO 401K matching and vested from day one to name just a few of our benefits and perks BTS Software Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age race creed color religion sex national origin ancestry disability status veteran status sexual orientation gender identity or expression genetic information marital status citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal state or local law,4.9,"BTS Software Solutions
4.9",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
116,Data Engineer,"$52k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

ID.me is a digital identity network and our mission is to make the world a more trusted place by facilitating transparent and efficient interactions between people and organizations.

We are looking for a Data Engineer to join our Product team to design and build a robust set of tools and pipelines to support data analytics efforts. You’ll manage and optimize our core infrastructure by creating and maintaining data pipelines. You will work with other engineers and analysts from the Product and Business teams to design, implement, and maintain a data ecosystem that delivers actionable insights to make key business decisions. You have technical chops but can also work independently to prioritize issues, work within ambiguity, and manage conflicting deadlines. You are creative, data-driven, results-oriented, and eager to help us solve data problems of varying complexities.

Responsibilities
Develop technical solutions using proven techniques in data and analytics processes
Develop, prototype, and build frameworks based on open source and commercially available tools
Orchestrate and maintain data pipelines that meet security standards and ensure the integrity and quality of data
Demonstrate a passion for serving the needs of internal and external customers by enabling them with self-service reporting tools and analytics capabilities
Drive the execution of data initiatives that provide key performance metrics
Understand the data related challenges, nuances, and requirements to identify and recommend the optimal technical approach
Train and educate team members as well as stakeholders about best practices in data engineering and governance
Collaborate closely with the engineering and devops team to implement DataOps, thus reducing our analytics development cycle
Research and improve our data platform to ingest, process, transform, and distribute insightful data to our audience ranging from executives, analysts, and engineers to customers, vendors, and partners
Evangelize data driven culture by breaking down silos and encouraging data sharing
Qualifications
3+ years of hands-on experience in data engineering for a SaaS company or a mature startup
Proven experience working with various tools but more importantly, familiarity with how to best assemble and deploy production ready data stack to any cloud environment
BS in a quantitative or scientific field such as computer science, computer engineering or equivalent experience
Experience in applying agile software development approach - Git, CI/CD, Jira, etc - to data engineering
Familiar with SQL and other popular programming languages (such as Ruby, Python, .NET, etc)
Exceptional fluency with SQL; you conquered the join venn diagram long ago and have moved on to explaining cost based optimization to your peers on the engineering team
Some level of experience working in the cloud - AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience with ingesting, processing, and visualizing data sources of varying types - structured/relational and unstructured
Experience in developing, managing, and manipulating large, complex datasets
Data-driven, detail-oriented individual with excellent storytelling and problem-solving abilities
Ability to work independently and autonomously, as well as part of a team
Superb time management, prioritization of tasks and ability to meet deadlines with little supervision
Vision: To be the world's leading digital identity network empowering people to control their own information and to prove their credentials across all channels: online, call center, and in-person.

Mission: To make the world a more trusted place by delivering the highest level of security with the least amount of friction at the lowest possible cost.

People: We have an audacious mission. We aim to fix the identity layer of the internet. Billions of people will live better lives with more trust and convenience thanks to ID.me. We are like Special Forces. We take on the most difficult challenges with amazing teammates.

ID.me Core Values: *Don't be a jerk. *Always compete. *Ask questions like a 5-year old. *Inspire people with your passion. *Make something better every day. *Treat each customer like your favorite family member. *Own your mistakes so you can learn from them. *Details are everything. *Communicate like a scientist. *Be truthful (even when it's hard). *Reflect ID.me's values in your actions. *Act like an owner.

ID.me Career Site & Culture Deck: https://www.id.me/careers",3.3,"Id.me
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
117,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ADVANCED INSPECTION SYSTEMS,"$58k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


The Intelligent Systems Division develops automated solutions for commercial and government clients in multiple domains including transportation (traffic management, connected automated vehicle), manufacturing robotics, medical prognostics and communication standards.


Objectives of this Role:

Leverage embedded development, machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data techniques to advanced analysis and development of high reliability software and custom sensing technologies.

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Develop technical solutions for high reliability software and custom sensing applications.
Promote developed solutions in technical industry through conference presentations and/or research paper publications.
For more information about the position see:
https://www.swri.org/leak-detection
https://www.swri.org/industries/machine-learning-technologies
https://www.swri.org/industry/chemical-analysis-services/mass-spec-data-analysis

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors or a Masters or a PhD with a 3.00 GPA in BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or other related disciplines.
0-5 years in software development or engineering
Course work or experience in more than one of the following: embedded systems, signal processing, machine learning/artificial intelligence, FPGA development, sensors and instrumentation, Python Programming
Strong software skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills required
Ability to work in project team environments and independently
Excellent problem-solving skills and driven by challenging problems
Aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
118,Senior Data Scientist,"$72k-$122k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.

The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Develop innovative forecasts, models, algorithms, and solutions and build prototypes and production implementations
Dig deep into high volumes of data, engineer features for improved forecast performance
Work cross-functionally to gather feedback and requirements from end users
Be a key contributor to product innovation and company strategy
Communicate technical information clearly to both technical and non-technical people
Required Qualifications
Degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or related field; MS/PhD preferred
3+ years of relevant experience
Strong analytical, statistical, and math abilities; Exceptional problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
#LI-KR1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Baltimore, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
119,Aviation Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer,"$106k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems. Key Functions: The successful candidate will be part of a team conducting analyses of multiple, integrated sets of aviation, weather, and other related data to identify ways to improve predictive models, identify trends impacting operations, and apply machine learning techniques to solve complex problems. Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications: - Experience using tools such as Java, R, and Python to prepare and analyze time series data. - Coding, data modeling, simulation, and data visualization experience (e.g., Tableau). - Excellent statistical and mathematical skills. - Excellent written and verbal communications skills. - Experience with machine learning techniques and algorithm development. - Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn). - Knowledge of Hadoop (e.g., Pig, Spark) or another distributed computing system. - Past experience working in the aviation domain and with aviation data. Skill is desired, but not required. Minimum Qualifications: BS in Data Science, Machine Learning, or related field of study.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
120,Data Scientist active TS/SCI,"$83k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are currently seeking an innovative, experienced, and highly-skilled Data Scientist to join our growing Advanced Analytics team in Ft. Belvoir, VA. In this role, you will create and develop custom solutions for our users in a collaborative, fast-paced, state-of-the art environment. To be successful in this role, you will be thorough, creative, and exceptionally well-skilled in all phases of the development lifecycle, with a passion for continued learning and collaboration.
*This position is located in Ft. Belvoir, VA and requires an active TS/SCI clearance*

The Data Scientist will:
Demonstrate the ability to frame and scale data problems to analyze, visualize, and find data solutions.
Manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON.
Transform data and analysis into informative visualizations and interactive dashboards using open-source and commercially available tools.
Derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to client research questions.
Establish data science pipelines.
Develop, train, test, deploy, and sustain AI and machine learning models.
Leverage data patterns and other development methods to optimize code and reduce computational cost.
Develop front-end interfaces to facilitate usage of developed AI/ML solutions
Work in a fast-paced, solutions-oriented environment focused on client deliverables, analysis, and reporting.

Active TS/SCI clearance
Bachelor’s degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, or a related business or quantitative discipline strongly preferred. Master's degree in these disciplines preferred.
Experience working with Scala, Python, Java
5-10+ years of related experience required
Advanced data science experience required
Significant experience with databases
Experience and familiarity with Agile-Scrum software development
Experience gathering and decomposing requirements
Proven record of solution development and deployment
Familiarity with web based application development
Experience with testing, use case, and user stories
Outstanding communication skills, written and verbal
Highly-organized and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Team-player mentality with a positive attitude
Keen attention to detail and solid analytical skills
Able to articulate complex, abstract concepts concisely and effectively
#LI-SH1

LMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer-all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.2,"LMI
4.2","Fort Belvoir, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1961,Nonprofit Organization,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
121,Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations,"$120k-$193k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Job Title: Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations

City: Lake Forest / State: Illinois

Job Description

Join Reynolds Consumer Products… a world of opportunities! At Reynolds Consumer Products, we are passionate about achieving results and have fun winning as a team! We provide amazing job opportunities for growth with competitive salaries and benefits in an exciting, dynamic, fast-paced, and fun workplace environment. Are you looking to build a strong career and make a positive impact? Then we have an opportunity for you! We currently have an opportunity for an Operations Senior Data Scientist to join our team located at our Company Headquarters in Lake Forest, IL.

Your Role:

As an Operations Senior Data Scientist, you will primarily be responsible for solving operations problems by processing and analyzing data from multiple sources to identify meaningful relationships, patterns and trends. You will prepare data insights and proposals in narrative and visual forms and leverage advanced data science methods to discover opportunities to increase equipment effectiveness, reduce costs and provide insights to plants on process disruptions. You will have the opportunity to:
Improve the manufacturing process by formulating hypotheses, conducting experiments and delivering improvements to KPIs based on findings
Maintain and tune analytical models to predict and monitor the condition of plant equipment
Influence manufacturing decision makers by presenting statistical insights
Ensure our manufacturing operations operate at peak efficiency
Ultimately, you will be a vitally important team member in our Digital Manufacturing Group and help Reynolds Consumer Products succeed by leveraging data insights.

You will love it here if…
You are not only a team-player, but you foster a collaborative team environment
You are analytic, enjoy new challenges and thrive in a fast paced manufacturing operation
You are committed to operational excellence and to keeping others safe in the workplace
We need you to have:
A strong proficiency in statistical analysis methods and tools, e.g., Python, Machine Learning
3-5 years of experience in data model development, data visualization, and application of advanced analytics to drive business outcomes
3-5 years of experience in the design and implementation of data infrastructures and data hierarchies
Experience in AWS Analytics platform
SQL query skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
BA/BS in Data Analytics, Engineering, Business, or a related field
Icing on the cake:
Experience developing and implementing predictive maintenance and predictive quality models
Data visualization skills in Power BI
Prior experience working in operations research or related field, e.g., Industrial Engineering or Manufacturing
For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer that complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is The Law Poster: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

The Pay Transparency Policy Statement can be found on this link:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html

The poster and the supplement can be found on this link.

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm

For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.",3.5,"Reynolds Consumer Products
3.5","Lake Forest, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
122,Data Engineer,"$74k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Group O is seeking a strong candidate with advanced analytics experience to fill an exciting Data Engineer role for an AI partner to Fortune 500 companies. In this role, you will be a valuable in managing large amounts of data and implement loading disparate data sets while managing the technical communication between the team and client.

Implementation including loading from disparate data sets, preprocessing using Hive and Pig.
Manage the technical communication between the team and client
Work with big data team to deliver cutting edge solutions

2-5 years of demonstrable experience designing technological solutions to complex data problems, developing & testing modular, reusable, efficient and scalable code to implement those solutions.
Ideally, this would include work on the following technologies:
Proficiency in at least one of the following: R, C++ or Python (preferred). Scala knowledge a strong advantage.
Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop 2.0 (YARN; MR & HDFS) and associated technologies -- one or more of Hive, Sqoop, Avro, Flume, Oozie, Zookeeper, etc..
Hands-on experience with Apache Spark and its components (Streaming, SQL, MLLib) is a strong advantage.
Operating knowledge of cloud computing platforms (AWS, especially EMR, EC2, S3, SWF services and the AWS CLI)
Experience working within a Linux computing environment, and use of command line tools including knowledge of shell/Python scripting for automating common tasks
In addition, the ideal candidate would have great problem-solving skills, and the ability & confidence to hack their way out of tight corners.
Education:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical degree",3.1,"Group O
3.1","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
123,Principal Clinical Evaluation Scientist,"$61k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Additional Locations: US-MN-Arden Hills

Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth

At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.

About this role:

This is a highly dynamic role in which you will work in a team environment to help develop global evidence-based clinical strategies for cardiology medical devices (CRM and Electrophysiology) by creating clinical documentation that systematically synthesizes information from multiple data sources. As a Clinical Evaluation Scientist, you will plan and develop clinical evaluation reports (CERs) and post-market clinical follow-up (PMCF) reports, as well as summary of safety and clinical performance reports (SSCPs) in alignment with applicable clinical and regulatory standards and business needs. This role applies analytical thought processes and a highly methodical clinical evaluation approach to develop benefit/risk profiles for the Boston Scientific portfolio cardiology devices. A successful candidate has excellent writing skills as well as the ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional partners. Your efforts support product approval, indication expansion and claim support, and mandated post-market requirements.

Your responsibilities will include:
Compile, appraise, and evaluate data from multiple sources including clinical trials, medical literature, design verification/validation data, and product complaint data. Includes development of literature search strategies and methodical evaluation of medical literature.
Create analyses to evaluate product benefit/risk profile and safety and performance and develop profile of adverse events. Identify potential clinical evidence gaps and contribute to development of prospective evidence strategy to address gaps.
Collaborate with leadership and cross-functional partners to develop global clinical strategies for new product development and/or EU MDR certification, ensure alignment of clinical data with risk documentation, and to contribute to product labeling.
Aid in the development and execution of strategies for regulatory responses for regulatory submissions
What we’re looking for in you:

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s/Master’s degree and 8+ years professional experience or Advanced degree (PhD, research-based MS, MD, RN/DVM) and 3+ years professional experience
Analytical skills, including strong familiarity with medical literature
Strong medical/scientific writing skills
Preferred Qualification
Knowledge of cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology medical device products and related disease states/ medical terminology
Medical device experience, including understanding of regulatory
Ability to understand engineering documentation, including risk documentation
About us

As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.

Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran

Requisition ID: 467272",4.4,"Boston Scientific
4.4","Arden Hills, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
124,Marketing Data Analyst,-1,"Overview


As a key member of the Analytics team, the Marketing DataAnalyst will be responsible for data-driven insights that enable eFinancial and Fidelity Life Association to optimize business processes and grow rapidly. The Marketing Data Analyst will gather, organize and aggregate large sets of data in order to produce meaningful business insight in areas such as lead management, call center effectiveness, marketing spend effectiveness, and revenue generation. If you would love being an owner-operator of a fast-growing complex online business with modern technology stacks, building analytical and infrastructure solutions, and driving profitability via analytics, the Senior Marketing Analyst role is for you!

Responsibilities
Own the end-to-end lead performance management analytics to maximize risk-adjusted lifetime value generated by converting marketing spend into revenue
Develop lead / traffic forecasts by marketing channel, interpret sales conversion data, analyze and monitor results and recommend adjustments to keep marketing spend efficiency on track
Develop point solutions such as dynamic bidding models to guide lead and media buy
Work effectively with cross-functional partners in Business Intelligence, Marketing, and Finance to keep data initiatives on track, and provide periodic sales lead performance reporting to management team
Extract/extrapolate trends from competitor, user behavior, and market positioning analyses and recommend tangible opportunities for Business Development teams to maximize value of marketing relationships
Qualifications
Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause/ analyses
Strong verbal and written communications skills that enable you to explain complex insights with clarity and precision to executive management
Experience developing insights across various areas of customer related data: financial, product and marketing
Proficiency in MS SQL/MySQL, Tableau/PowerBI and mastery of Microsoft Suite (Excel)
Knowledge of cloud-based data structures including Redshift, and programming languages such as Python a huge plus
An analytical mindset with relevant education such as a Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Economics, Finance or any related field
2-5 years of experience as a Data/Business/Financial Analyst with large, complex data sources
EEOC/Other


eFinancial is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workplace. As an eFinancial employee, you will be eligible for Medical and Dental Insurance, Health Savings Accounts, Flexible Spending Accounts (Health, Dependent Care & Transit), Vision Care, 401(K), Short-term and Long-term Disability, Life and AD&D coverages.",3.6,"Efinancial
3.6",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
125,Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers,"$82k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers

Position Summary:

To continue our solid growth, we are seeking a talented and highly motivated Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers to join our growing organization. The role will provide data curation and analysis support for novel biomarker immunoassay and diagnostic test development and validation and will be responsible for developing and/or maintaining analysis tools and databases. The successful candidate will possess proficient analytical capability, solid background with use of statistics in a scientific context, and strong communication skills. We are looking for team oriented, hands on experts with a passion for personalized medicine and precision health.

Key Responsibilities:
Build, manage and query biomarker and clinical sample data repositories
Perform detailed and robust statistical analysis of clinical and laboratory research data
Statistical support for design and development of immunoassay and in vitro diagnostic assay products
Analyze large multisource and/or multivariate immunoassay data sets
Author statistical analysis plans, protocols, and reports for clinical and non-clinical evaluations
Review study reports for accuracy and robustness of statistical content
Adhere to data and documentation standards
Ensure accurate, in-depth results/data are delivered in a timely manner
Requirements:
PhD in Biology, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, or directly relevant experience in the field of immunoassays or biomarkers
Familiarity with statistical requirements associated with immunoassay data analysis e.g. CLSI standards, Fit-For-Purpose Biomarker Validation, FDA data reporting requirements
Ability to understand scientific questions and formulate statistical and data analysis methods.
Ability to effectively visualize complex biological datasets.
Experience in developing and annotating biological data repositories
Strong proficiency with widely used software tools for visualization and statistical analysis of biological data – examples may include Excel, Prism, JMP, Minitab, SAS
Experience with design of experiments, multivariate data analysis and generating ROC curves strongly preferred
Familiarity with LIMS beneficial
Proficient verbal and written communication skills to clearly explain complex technical details.
Commitment to the successful achievement of team and organizational goals
Quanterix is a company that's digitizing biomarker analysis with the goal of advancing the science of precision health. The company's digital health solution, Simoa, has the potential to change the way in which healthcare is provided today by giving researchers the ability to closely examine the continuum from health to disease. Quanterix' technology is designed to enable much earlier disease detection, better prognoses and enhanced treatment methods to improve the quality of life and longevity of the population for generations to come. The technology is currently being used for research applications in several therapeutic areas, including oncology, neurology, cardiology, inflammation and infectious disease. The company was established in 2007 and is located in Billerica, Massachusetts. For additional Information, please visit https://www.quanterix.com.

Quanterix is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Quanterix is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Quanterix will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.",3.2,"Quanterix
3.2","Billerica, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
126,"Machine Learning Engineer, Marketing Analytics","$50k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Ibotta is seeking a Machine Learning Engineer to help build a targeted, personalized, high performing Marketing engine that drives our company's mission to make every purchase rewarding for millions of consumers. We're looking for a machine learning engineer who has a passion for building scalable machine learning solutions using technologies such as Python, Spark, AWS, Airflow, Sagemaker, PyTorch, etc. Every member of the team has input into our analytics strategy and will have a real impact on Marketing decisions and performance.

What you will be doing:
Design, develop and deploy large scale, big data-driven machine learning models that are integrated with key product features. Some examples of potential projects include:
Building/scaling ML related infrastructure to help streamline the development, evaluation, deployment, and re-usability of core ML features and services
A/B testing. Ability to distinguish the signal from the noise in order to drive business decisions, and iteratively improve performance from new/existing marketing campaigns
Using experiments to build uplift models that decide optimal treatments at the user level
Collaborate with Engineering and Analytics leads to establish analytic standards and platforms that scale and can be leveraged in various initiatives throughout the organization
Deliver world class products in partnership with cross functional teams (Product Managers, Data Engineers, Software Engineers, etc.)
Communicate complex machine learning solutions, concepts and the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner to business stakeholders and technology leaders to maximize the effectiveness of machine learning initiatives
What we are looking for:
2+ years of professional experience as a Machine Learning Engineer, Data Scientist, or equivalent role, focusing on machine learning, statistical modeling, and/or ML infrastructure
Proficiency in Python
Experience working with machine learning frameworks (e.g. scikit-learn, xgboost, PyTorch, TensorFlow) and distributed big-data tools (Spark, Hive)
Experience working with version control systems (e.g. git) and CI/CD for machine learning pipelines
Ability to communicate complex, technical machine learning implementations to diverse audiences
Ability to think critically and leverage domain expertise to build machine learning powered applications that help to achieve high-level business objectives
About Us:

Headquartered in Denver, CO, Ibotta (""I bought a..."") is a free mobile shopping and payments app that has delivered more than $675 million in cumulative cash rewards to its users for making purchases in-store, on mobile apps, or via websites. Launched in 2012, Ibotta has more than 35 million downloads and has become one of the most frequently used shopping apps in the United States. The Ibotta platform provides cash back on purchases at more than 1,500 leading brands and hundreds of retailer partners. In 2019, Ibotta launched its payments solution, Pay with Ibotta™, enabling shoppers to pay for their entire purchase through the Ibotta app and instantly earn cash back. Ibotta was named to the 2019 Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing private companies in the U.S., after debuting on the list in 2018. The company recently became the first mobile consumer technology company in Colorado to achieve $1B in valuation.

Learn more about Ibotta here: https://liferewarded.ibotta.com/press-and-media/

To learn more about what our Tech teams are doing day to day, visit Building Ibotta on Medium.com.

Additional Details:
This position is located in Denver, CO and includes competitive pay, benefits package (including medical, dental, vision), 401k, and equity.
Ibotta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Ibotta's employment decisions are made without regard with race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.
For the security of our employees and the business, all employees are responsible for the secure handling of data in accordance with our security policies, identifying and reporting phishing attempts, as well as reporting security incidents to the proper channels.",3.6,"Ibotta
3.6","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
127,Data Scientist - Two Sigma Insurance Quantified,"$131k-$217k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Two Sigma is a different kind of investment manager. Since 2001, we have used data science and technology to derive insights that forecast the future and discover value in markets worldwide. Our team of scientists, technologists and academics looks beyond traditional finance to understand the bigger picture and develop creative solutions to some of the world’s most challenging economic problems. Our work spans across markets and industries, from insurance and securities to private investments and new ventures.

Two Sigma IQ works closely with its industry partners to deliver products and solutions, which lead to enhanced automation and data-driven decision making. Comprised of a diversified and growing team of highly skilled data scientists, engineers, and business professionals, Two Sigma IQ possesses the agility and innovation of a dynamic startup with the resources and long-term view of Two Sigma. Learn more about TSIQ at https://twosigmaiq.com/

You will take on the following responsibilities:
Work with large, possibly unstructured datasets;
Perform exploratory data analysis and develop predictive models using large data sets
Carry out independent investigations/research studies and produce reports and visualizations to communicate your results;
Generate statistical models for a variety of phenomena;
Interact with industry professionals to understand their business and propose technical/statistical approaches;
Write libraries and research tools, developing and maintaining a research infrastructure to accelerate future results.

You should possess the following qualifications:
A strong academic record with at least one degree in a technical discipline.
Solid knowledge of Computer Science and Statistics.
Experience with data analysis tools (R, numpy/pandas/scikit-learn) and SQL.
Advanced programming skills in Python
Experience producing research reports and predictive models.
Good communication skills, both written and verbal.
Interest in working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.

You will enjoy the following benefits:
Core Benefits: Fully paid medical and dental insurance premiums for employees and dependents, competitive 401k match, employer-paid life & disability insurance
Perks: Onsite gyms with laundry service, wellness activities, casual dress, snacks, game rooms
Learning: Tuition reimbursement, conference and training sponsorship
Time Off: Generous vacation and unlimited sick days, competitive paid caregiver leaves

We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics.",4.4,"Two Sigma
4.4","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
128,Data Scientist with CyberSecurity Experience,-1,"Job Title :- Data Scientist with CyberSecurity Experience

Job Location :- Herndon, VA

LinkedIn is mandatory

Job Description :-

Preferred Education:

• BS/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; graduate degree in Data Science or another quantitative field is preferred

Position Summary:

The Cybersecurity Engineer will work for the Global Chief Information Security Organization (CISO) office to identify, test and deploy information security solutions to secure critical data and systems throughout the IBM corporate IT environment. This hands-on role will require Cybersecurity subject matter expertise with demonstrated communication skills for active collaboration with a variety of different technology teams and business units as well as technology partners to promote security engineering practices.

We are looking for a Data Scientist to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve our company. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights. In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We also want to see a passion for machine-learning and research. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, have the ability to analyze complex problems, have an insatiable curiosity to learn about new technologies, share knowledge with others and has experience working in a fast-paced Agile project environment.

Required Skills:

• At least 5 years of proven experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst

• At least 5 years of experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis

such as Python, R, or SAS

• At least 3 years of theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization

• At least 3 years of experience with commercial machine learning systems

• Experience working with databases such as SQL or MongoDB

• Extensive Linux system administration experience

• Experience with containerization technologies, such as Docker

• Experience installing and configuring the Apache web server, including certificate

management

• Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g.

Hadoop)

• Strong communication, planning, documentation and organizational skills

• Ability to work independently, set project goals, and achieve milestones with minimal

direction

• Ability to work collaboratively, across teams, driving toward common goals, and working

within standardized processes

Excellent communication skills

Essential Job Duties:

• Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes

• Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms

• Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data

• Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns

• Provide break/fix support of all log routing, store and forward functions

• Work with Security Architects and Analysts to accomplish the selection and onboarding

of new data sets to designated security tools.

• Perform extraction, transformation, loading, and filtering of data sets.

• Strong communication, planning, documentation and organizational skills

• Ability to work independently, set project goals, and achieve milestones with minimal

direction

• Ability to work collaboratively, across teams, driving toward common goals, and working within standardized processes

• Solid experience supporting business critical efforts in a large enterprise environment

Please share resumes to santhosh@w3global.com",4.2,"W3Global
4.2","Herndon, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
129,Clinical Data Scientist,-1,"You will conduct analyses using various disparate types of healthcare data (e.g., clinical trial data, insurance claims data, Electronic Health Record (EHR) data, etc.). You will explore these data with a critical eye and transform these data into meaningful insights, creating outputs that may be used for publication, regulatory submissions, internal decision-making, market tracking, or other uses. Working closely with the other members of the Clinical Computational Sciences team, you will be encouraged to use new and emerging data sources and technologies to drive innovation and to conduct analyses at scale.
The Impact You Will Have
Our mission is to make innovative drugs affordable and accessible. You will be instrumental in making that vision a reality. We are working to build a truly modern and efficient clinical development organization, with data at the core of what we do. You will play a key role in analyzing this data in support of our development programs.
Your Superpowers
You hold a Masters or PhD in biostatistics, epidemiology, health economics, public health, computational biology or another quantitative scientific discipline, with 1-3 years of work experience
You are problem focused, creative, and practical in how you apply data to problems
You love working with data and live for the “aha!” moments where you use it to answer meaningful questions
You have experience applying observational and statistical methods to conduct rigorous scientific analyses
You’re energized by the prospect of rolling up your sleeves to tackle important problems in drug development and reimbursement
You can program fluently in a modern statistical programming software (e.g., R) and want to develop your skills further.
You’ve worked with data scientists and software engineers to put code into production – you think about scalable ways to improve the reach of your work.
You want to build a career in clinical data analysis (biostatistics, health economics, RWE, etc.)
Bonus points if you have experience in genomic data analysis or oncology data experience
You are an excellent communicator – you can use data to tell a clear and compelling story and can communicate complex analyses to many types of stakeholders
You have a curious mind and are excited to learn new skills, tools, and about novel types and uses of data.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
130,Data Scientist,-1,"WHAT WE DO MATTERS:

Here at The Knot Worldwide, we believe in doing work that matters. In 15 countries around the world, our leading family of brands (The Knot, WeddingWire, Bodas, GigMasters, The Bump, How They Asked, Lasting, and more) inspire, inform, and celebrate our communities as they move through life's milestones. From the proposal to creating a home, and starting a family together, we're there for every step of the journey. Our couples and business partners depend on us. They're all in. So are we.

ABOUT THE ROLE AND OUR TEAM:

The Knot Worldwide is in search of a full-time Data Scientist. Our Data Scientists work with stakeholders across all departments within the company. They answer strategic questions and provide insight to internal decision makers ranging from executives and senior management to product managers and team leads. They also work with our product team to develop data driven algorithms that improve features on the website.

This opening is for our Marketplace zone which connects over 2 million engaged couples with +50,000 local wedding vendors (e.g. Venue, DJ, Florist, etc.) across the US each year. This position plays an essential role in solving complex problems across our two-sided marketplace in areas such as pricing, product strategy, and go-to-market optimization.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create smarter product solutions for our couples and vendors
Answer strategic questions by analyzing behavioral data
Communicate, collaborate and present results to clients within The Knot Worldwide
Explore novel ways to look at our data
SUCCESSFUL DATA SCIENTIST CANDIDATES HAVE:
Master's Degree or Ph.D. preferred
Experience implementing auction based business models
Strong product experience
Proficiency in key statistical and machine learning techniques (predictive modeling, classification, clustering, text analytics, recommender systems , data mining methods, forecasting, and other advanced techniques)
Proficiency with R or Python
Familiarity with common Linux command line tasks and version control software like git or svn preferable
Ability to communicate effectively and influence others
Ability to work in a fast paced environment and shift gears quickly
At The Knot Worldwide, we believe you are more than a resume and invite you to go for it, take the leap of faith, and apply for this job if it sparks your passion to join TKWW and make a difference!

WHAT WE LOVE ABOUT YOU:
You Dream Big. You iterate and experiment to drive innovation.
You Love Our Users. You keep our global community at the center of everything you do.
You Respect All Voices. Inclusion strengthens us and powers your decisions.
You Hustle Every Day. You favor urgency and own your outcomes.
You Win Together. People are at the heart of our success and you play as a team.
WHAT YOU LOVE ABOUT US:

The Knot Worldwide offers a unique employee experience and we are deeply proud of our award-winning culture. From flexible vacation and generous parental leave benefits to promoting wellness and giving back to our community, we believe in happiness above all else—in and out of the office.

----

The Knot Worldwide provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, The Knot Worldwide complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. The Knot Worldwide expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.

--

This position is not eligible for sponsorship.

--

If you are a resident of California, by submitting your application, you acknowledge that you've read the California Privacy Notice.",3.7,"The Knot Worldwide
3.7",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
131,Aviation AI/ML Data Scientist,"$80k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system. The candidate will be responsible for working both individually and with a team of data scientists in the following tasks:
Performing anomaly detection and capability development using a variety of aviation safety data
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Demonstrable aerospace/aviation knowledge or experience, this is a must
Bachelor’s Degree in Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions
Excellent Communication Skills (with the ability to explain tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team
Preferred Qualifications:
5 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Mxnet, etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Azure, Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, D3, etc).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization, search (e.g. ELK Stack), entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintaining good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
132,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Hi - we’re Topaz Labs. We create AI-powered software that solves photographers’ biggest problems like one-click noise reduction, super-simple masking, and pixel-perfect image upscaling. Tens of thousands of paid customers use our technology every day, ranging from amateur photographers to major Hollywood movie studios. Our AI image enhancement technology has been recognized in Fast Company, The Verge, Engadget, Ars Technica, and more.

We’re looking for a mid to senior-level Deep Learning Researcher to help us accelerate our technology development. Although your scope will later expand, you’ll start with owning R&D for one of our primary products Sharpen AI:
Develop and integrate better deep-learning models in three areas: shake reduction, focus correction, and general sharpening
Lead development on supplemental AI features like auto-masking or model selection
Explore new model research and development for sharpening images
We’re looking for a pretty specific person for this role - someone with a high work ethic, intellectual humility, and a shipping mentality. We’re a small company with a high-visibility and high-performance culture, so you will work with a high degree of impact and autonomy. This is an ideal role for an excellent ML researcher whose primary motivation is to see their work in the hands of thousands of real users.
Technical requirements
Prior key contributor to significant deep learning projects for image manipulation or enhancement
Significant prior experience with CNNs and other common computer vision network architectures
2 years of intensive hands-on experience with TensorFlow or other ML frameworks
Good understanding of common image processing algorithms
Proficient in C/C++, OpenCV.
Well-read on major recent research papers in deep learning for image or video enhancement
PhD preferred, but may consider MS or BS in Computer Science / Engineering
Our technology advantage has already driven 10% month-over-month active user growth for our company. This is a great opportunity for the perfect person to accelerate our technology and growth even further. Your compensation will be tied directly to the performance of the company. We’re also proud to offer 100% covered platinum-level medical/dental/vision for employees, 15 days annual PTO plus holidays, and 401k matching.",3.9,"Topaz Labs
3.9","Dallas, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
133,Machine Learning - Computer Scientist,"$109k-$186k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The Research & Development centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.

MITRE is seeking a Senior / Lead Computer Scientist to cultivate and lead highly skilled technical staff to apply machine learning / deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics. As our Computer Scientist you will promote and provide MITRE-unique value across multiple sponsors. Additionally, you will be expected to initiate and contribute to various research projects & efforts across MITRE and in collaboration with academia, industry and sponsors.

Responsibilities include:
Provide thought leadership and collaborate with academia, industry and MITRE Technical Centers, portfolio and program divisions in innovation and research initiatives related to machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics in combination with cybersecurity, data engineering and social science
Work with department leadership to develop and evolve an enduring, adaptive and forward-looking strategy and capability advancing the Department domain knowledge and capabilities that align with strategic/significant sponsor needs and challenges including but not limited to: Adversarial information scenarios, Defining, detecting and measuring information trust, bias/fairness in decision, models and algorithms, Biometric authentication, detecting biometric or identity fraud, anti-spoofing, Defining, detecting and measuring bias in datasets and information, Information security and privacy, Data generation, and Data impacting quality of decision
Contribute to the technical work program of one or more projects and provide technical guidance and quality products focused on successful sponsor outcomes, strong leadership and transition of research results to sponsor operations
Provide exemplary leadership, caring mentorship, and collaborative technical advice to staff related to Department domain knowledge or capabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Cybersecurity, Mathematics, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related field
5 + years applicable experience including machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to possess and maintain a DoD clearance
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Hands on work experience will include tools / packages such as: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, Theano, PyTorch, dlib, C/C++, Python, JSON, XML, SQL, NoSQL, DBMS, ETL
Outstanding presentation skills, both development & delivery, are required for both MITRE facing and Sponsor facing communications
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in related field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active US Government clearance are preferred
Proven experience with cybersecurity, data engineering, social science, mobile computing, computer networking, virtualization, cloud computing, and big data
MITRE’s workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. For more information please visit https://www.mitre.org/careers/working-at-mitre. U.S Citizenship is required for most positions.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
134,Computer Scientist 1,-1,"Computer Scientist

NSBU | Melbourne, FL, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a candidate that has a broad software and computer skillset but is interested in advanced signal processing applications.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the Jr. Computer Scientist position?

Candidate will be responsible for developing within a heterogeneous software repository containing code in Python, MATLAB, C++ and Java. Candidate will also be responsible for maintaining this repository and its accessibility. Machine Learning, Cloud Technology, and a strong CS background is highly desired. Good communication skills with ability to interact with remote co-workers and customers are required. Looking for people able to find creative and cutting-edge solutions for customer issues.

What required background will make you successful?
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or other equivalent field of discipline
Some experience in scientific programming
Experience programming in a high-level language such as C/C++ on Unix/Linux platforms
Experience programming in high level interpreted languages such as PYTHON and/or MATLAB
Familiarity with interfacing C/C++ libraries within interpreted languages.
Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Melbourne, FL office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.",4.1,"Rincon Research Corporation
4.1","Melbourne, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
135,Data Scientist Risk Analyst,"$50k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Oasis Systems has an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst to support the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) in Washington, DC.
The successful candidate shall provide support in data analytics, Python, data visualization, dashboards and use of data analytic tools. Activities which the contractor may be tasked to perform include gathering requirements from stakeholders, conducting financial data analysis and risk analysis in a Big Data environment, and creating interactive dashboard reports and documentations.

LOCATION: Washington, DC

JOB STATUS: Full-Time

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Certifications, Experience, Skills)

SECURITY CLEARANCE: Ability to pass a Special Agreement Check (SAC) and a National Agency Check and Inquires (NACI) Background Investigation

EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree

CERTIFICATIONS AND TOOLS: Certifications in Data Analytics program languages such as Python and R preferred but not required. Experience with Global Risk product a plus, but not required.

EXPERIENCE LEVEL: A minimum of 8 years of relevant experience in the data analysis field and a minimum of 5 years of industrial analytics experience using Python (recent use during the past 3 years) as well as extensive experience with SQL.
Specific experience with financial or market risk analysis is a Must.

DESCRIPTION: Functionally, the candidate will be responsible for:

Work closely with the customer to gather and document project requirements.
Perform data manipulation and advanced data analysis including financial modeling, data mining, and Machine Learning techniques.
Perform risk analysis which may include a broad range of financial risk measures, (such as Value at Risk (VaR): computation and evaluation, VaR tracking (VaR evolution over time), Incremental (and marginal) VaR calculation for individual asset classes /positions, conditional VaR, stress testing).
Test each project thoroughly before presenting it to the task order project manager for quality control. Document test results as part of the project closeout documentation.
Create documentation as required under the PMLC and the Configuration Change Board (CCB) in order to move projects to the production environment.
Coordinate with internal and external organizations providing data to understand and resolve improper data formatting and other integration issues.
Participate in facilitated meetings between stakeholders at CFTC which may include regular status meetings, user acceptance testing meetings and ad hoc development discussions.
Data analysis tasks may be varied. They will include complex data requests that require data mining, extraction, and query optimization services from Divisions throughout the CFTC.
Assist business users, economists, statisticians, and others, as required, to support effective use of analytic techniques and CFTC-approved tools to meet the customers various analytic needs.

Who We Are

Oasis Systems is a premier provider of customer-driven, cost-effective and quality Engineering Services; Enterprise Systems and Applications; Human Factors Engineering; Information Technology and Cyber Security; Professional Services; and Specialized Engineering Solutions to the Department of Defense, FAA, NRC and other federal agencies.

We strive to be an exciting and welcoming company that attracts, develops, motivates and retains the most talented, skilled and dedicated people in the industry; where they are encouraged to achieve personal excellence, purpose, and their full potential and career aspirations; while supporting mission-critical national security technologies and programs.

Oasis Systems is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of any legally protected characteristic including, but not limited to, race, color, religion, national origin, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, ancestry, age, medical condition, military veteran status or on the basis of physical handicap which, with reasonable accommodation, render the application to satisfactorily perform the job available.",3.7,"Oasis Systems LLC
3.7","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
136,Fungal Scientist,"$61k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description/Primary Duties and Responsibilities: *
Biotechnical Scientist to provide scientific, engineering, and analysis in Biotechnology. This area includes experimental and theoretical pursuits mainly focused in microbiology, biochemistry, molecular biology and biological materials. Support services shall include the following:
Cloning experiments including: nucleic acid handling, purification, and quantification. Further enzymatic assays such as Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR), restriction digestion, and ligation reactions for synthetic biology projects
Growth experiments with anaerobic and aerobic microorganisms in a bioreactor or standard incubator requiring sterile technique, preparation of growth media, plates and freezer stocks and perform growth curves
Separation and analysis of metabolites from bacterial culture
Purification and characterization of microbial cell materials
Characterization of binding interactions in traditional and novel biological assays
Write reports and briefings and conduct presentations on results
Interact with OGAs, Contractors, and universities and support the development of technical packages.
_The position includes the following responsibilities: _*
Work as part of a team to help with the isolation, identification, and cultivation of fungi from environmental samples.
Evaluate a variety of filamentous fungi for potential use as platform organisms for genetic engineering/synthetic biology.
Develop genetic engineering protocols and tools for filamentous fungi.
Develop methods for high throughput culturing, assays, and genetic engineering of filamentous fungi.
Maintain detailed records of work in progress and completed.
Execute experiments, analyze data, and report on project results.
Develop and follow Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
Set up and maintain associated equipment.
Stay current with relevant literature.
Seek relevant opportunities to remain current on technological developments in the field.
Skills & Education Requirement: *
PhD or Master’s in molecular biology, genetics, biochemistry, microbiology, biological engineering or related field.
Experience with culturing, analysis, and genetics of filamentous fungi.
Experience with heterologous protein production and purification.
Experience developing and optimizing enzyme assays.
Microbiology and molecular biology laboratory techniques: pipetting, aseptic techniques, making media and buffer solutions, designing primers, DNA and RNA extraction and purification, PCR, gel electrophoresis, protein expression and purification.
Facility with data analysis and visualization.
Additional desired skills: *
Experience with genome editing/engineering of filamentous fungi
Bioinformatics, synthetic biology software
Flow cytometry, cell sorting
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills to discuss issues and potential solutions with other groups and personnel to find answers to a new problem set.
Ability to work with a multidisciplinary team of research scientists.
MS Suite of office applications
Good attention to detail and documentation
Strong work ethic, positive attitude, self-starter, punctual and good attendance record with the desire to develop professionally
Must have or be able to obtain a secret clearance
US Citizenship required
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Relocation Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
related: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
License:
US Citizenship (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"General Technical Services, LLC and Fibertek, Inc.
3.1","Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
137,Senior Data Scientist,"$135k-$145k
(Employer Est.)","About Us

At GutCheck, we pioneered agile market research to provide our clients with actionable insights at the speed of their business. As the marketplace rapidly evolves, we're evolving with it. By combining qualitative, quantitative, and behavioral methodologies, our team of full-service research experts synthesizes insights to help clients make more confident business decisions -- connecting them with their target consumers earlier and more often in the development process.

What Makes Our Approach Different

We create heroes out of our clients by providing them with contextualized insights to more efficiently and effectively connect with their target audiences. Enabled by technology and automation, we are dedicated partners who take a human-first approach to delivering powerful insights. Today, we are bringing agile to strategy: enabling brands to gather robust foundational insights in an agile, iterative way to inform key business within the demands of today's innovation timelines.

Here's where you come in:

As our Senior Data Scientist, you will be the primary contributor that will operationalize predictive models built with machine learning and advanced analytic technologies. GutCheck owns years of structured and unstructured data. We've started to identify patterns in our world-class market research using machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow. You will help us by providing expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader cross-functional analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization.

You will work closely with our talented and agile Product and Engineering teams to craft scalable, well-designed solutions that address the technical and architectural challenges inherent to making sense of our data. We have a focus on quality, automation, and innovation. We encourage our Engineers to think creatively and flexibly when choosing solutions, tools, and techniques. Our team offers an environment where trust and innovation are encouraged, egos aren't accepted, and collaboration is core to our DNA.

You will advocate, evangelize and build data-fueled products that help our internal and external customers gain deeper insights into direct, targeted consumer feedback. This data can and will be coupled with third-party data sources to help our clients be heroes by making well informed business decisions. You'll help research and choose which data sources will provide unique and compelling insights, and then you'll dig in and become an expert on that data. You will provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables.

For more information on the company and the GutCheck team, please go to www.gutcheckit.com

This job description is not a complete list of your qualifications or position roles. GutCheck is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.",3.9,"GutCheck
3.9","Denver, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
138,Senior Data Engineer,"$95k-$174k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Brain Corp is a San Diego-based AI company creating transformative core technology for the robotics industry. Our diverse engineering teams in Software, Hardware Design, and Embedded Systems are creating comprehensive solutions to support the builders of today's autonomous machines in successfully producing, deploying, and supporting commercial robots across industries and applications. Brain Corp is funded by the SoftBank Vision Fund and Qualcomm Ventures. For more information please visit: https://www.braincorp.com/

Position Summary:

As a member of the Software Engineering team, the Senior Data Engineer owns the definition, execution, and delivery of technical architecture for Brain Corporation's Product Analytics team. Your work will improve the quality, reliability, accuracy, and consistency of our data. You will help build project-specific data pipelines and validation tools. You will have a hands-on role with product specialists and be responsible for working with them to understand data requirements and then implement those requirements in software.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Fully own critical portions of Brain Corporation's product analytics data model.
Collaborate with stakeholders to understand needs, model tables using data warehouse best practices, and develop data pipelines to ensure the timely delivery of high-quality data.
Work with technical and product stakeholders to understand data-oriented project requirements.
Write code that is understandable, simple, and easy to maintain.
Design, implement and ensure the accuracy of validation and related services for data models.
Think and work agile, including automated testing, continuous integration and deployment.
Manage numerous requests concurrently and strategically, prioritizing when necessary.
What you need:
Bachelor's in Computer Science or other related field.
5-8+ years software development experience.
Passionate about data quality and delivering effective data to impact the business.
Experience with sourcing and modeling data from application REST-like APIs.
MPP/Cloud data warehouse solutions (Snowflake, etc).
Proficiency in SQL, experience writing ETLs.
Proficiency in JavaScript/Node.js, Python, or willingness to translate experience in equivalent language.
Things that make a difference:
Master's in Computer Science or other related field.
Experience with Kafka, AMQP or other message bus.
OpenAPI/Swagger.
Express.js, NestJS.
SAML, OKTA.
Azure experience is a plus.
Being comfortable outside of your comfort zone - explore new tech, make your own tool, or find a new way to address an old problem.
Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential functions may require maintaining the physical condition necessary for sitting, walking or standing for periods of time; operating a computer and keyboard; talk and hear at normal room levels; using hands to finger, grasp, and feel; repetitive motion; close visual acuity to prepare and analyze data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; lift, push, carry, or pull up to 10 pounds.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate. Employee is exposed to the typical office environment with computers, printers and telephones.",3.5,"Brain Corp
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
139,Data Scientist,"$80k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Engineering at Postmates

We’re building groundbreaking tech solutions that power our revolutionary logistics platform to help connect millions of customers with their favorite merchants every day. We’re tackling some of the most complex technical challenges in the modern logistics space to unlock opportunities that positively impact the local businesses and communities we serve.

WHAT WE DO

Postmates relies heavily on our engineering team to realize this vision. Building a software platform that is reliable, scales, and stays agile under demanding product needs is a serious technical challenge. Postmates is a three-part balancing act connecting customers, merchants, and couriers in real-time. If any piece is out of whack, the whole system suffers. Working with the Postmates engineering team offers an opportunity with explosive growth, cutting-edge technology, a highly visible charter, and a cool user-focused product vision.

As a Data Scientist, you’ll use your full toolkit - statistical modeling, machine learning, data mining, data visualization, and software engineering - to develop data products and models that are used by millions of users and power the growth of our business. You will collaborate with a strong team of engineers, product managers and data analysts in defining the frontier of data products and models in the three-sided marketplace. Data scientists will work on how to formulate a model from a real business problem, determine evaluation metrics, evaluate different modeling approaches, conduct data analysis, and build features and algorithms for the various challenging problems at Postmates.

YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Modeling and forecasting demand and supply to enable more intelligent matching, optimize the overall marketplace efficiency and provide valuable insights to our merchants and Postmates
Large scale Machine Learning algorithms that powers our Search Ranking models and Personalized Recommendation Engine
Predicting the Postmates Delivery Time (PDT) and improving the dispatching algorithm
Determining the optimal pricing strategies to help our Postmates maximize their revenue
Identifying suspicious transactions and malicious users for risk control
Natural Language Processing to understand text content on Postmates platform, including named entity resolution and recognization of reviews, descriptions and interactions between users on our marketplace
OUR REQUIREMENTS
A Bachelor’s/Master’s degree (or higher) in a technical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Operations Research, Math, Physics, Engineering, etc.) or equivalent work experience required.
minimum of 3+ years of professional experience in Data Science or Applied Machine Learning required
A deep theoretical understanding of modern machine learning algorithms, statistical models, or optimization
Extensive experience with data tools, Python (Pandas, Scipy, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, etc), R, SAS, SQL, etc and strong skills in data analysis, data visualization, and feature engineering
Ability to own your modeling work from model development all the way to production deployment and beyond with minimal help from engineers
Strong communication skills; Explaining complex technical concepts to product managers, data analysts, and other engineers shouldn’t be a problem for you
OUR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience with MapReduce, Spark, Hive, HBase, Google BigQuery, and BigTable
Experience with ML frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Spark MLlib, XGBoost, and Scikit-Learn
A bit about us
Postmates is changing delivery for good. While you may know us as the clever brand loved by celebrities and millennials, we are so much more. We are industry-first leaders in the modern logistics space, creating groundbreaking tech products that positively impact millions of customers, merchants and gig-economy workers as well as the underserved in the communities where we work. How will you help us change delivery for good?

Benefits
Postmates has your back. In our impact-first work environment, we value huge company vision. As you strive to build the future with us, we’ll support you with a competitive rates and equity plan, along with access to our 401k plan and robust benefits including: health benefits, flexible paid time off, parental benefits, and food perks.

Postmates is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants at Postmates are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.",3.4,"Postmates
3.4","Bellevue, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Express Delivery Services,Transportation & Logistics,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
140,Data Engineer,"$67k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

NJVC, LLC

Company Job Title: Data Engineer

Clearance: Top Secret with ability to obtain SCI

Location: Springfield, VA

Reports To: Program Manager

FLSA Status: Exempt, Full Time, Regular

Summary:

The Data Engineer will work with product owners and data stewards to deliver high quality technical solutions in response to business requirements. You will be counted on to provide your peers with technical expertise that will offer solutions for difficult programming problems.

Duties and Responsibilities:

SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) including UI and custom code features.
Write or create stored procedures, SQL scripts, SSIS packages that can be used to:
Move data from source databases to target databases
Clean / Condition data
Convert or transform data
Reconcile and confirm converted data
Find data errors
Validate data to business rules
Ability to examine existing ETL scripts and track data back to source
SQL Server administration, tuning, and workbench.
Work with business experts to understand data and complete data mappings.
Focus on the development of extract, transform, and load (ETL) jobs currently using Microsoft SQL, Server, and SSIS.
The environment currently supports hundreds of related ETL jobs that move data between 30 different source systems and between multiple classifications.
Part of the challenge as a data engineer will be to find scalable and efficient coding solutions that plug into this extensible system in order to add more data to the Enterprise data store.
Other duties as assigned

Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.)

Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Equivalent years of experience in lieu of degree
4 years of relevant experience with the following software / tools:
Experience with Microsoft SQL
Prior experience supporting IC/DoD
The existing data warehouse is built on Microsoft SQL hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS), so experience developing solutions that scale well in these environments is a plus.
Active Top-Secret Clearance with ability to obtain SCI

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Ability to work independently and yet be effective within a team setting
Must be capable of managing multiple efforts with time related constraints in a fast-paced contracting environment
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with diverse internal and external stakeholder groups and individuals
Friendly presence, helpful attitude, good interpersonal skills, and ability to work well with others.
Excellent skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, and other Office applications
Proficient with Microsoft Office Applications, and experience working in a home office setting as well as the ability to train end users on frequently asked technical issues.
Ability to provide technical assistance and support over the phone; good phone skills, professional demeanor, previous customer service experience strongly desired.

Good problem-solving skills; ability to visualize a problem/situation and think abstractly to solve it

Physical Demands: (The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.)

While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.

Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.)

The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment.
During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.

Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Native preference under PL 93-638.

We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.

Primary Location: United States-Virginia-Springfield

Organization: NJVC

Strategic Business Unit: Military Intelligence and Operations Support

Security Requirements: Top Secret

Job Schedule: Full Time Exempt

Recruiter: Jonas Patterson

Req ID: 2000001203",3.0,"Chenega Corporation
3.0","Springfield, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
141,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH ENGINEER - PERFORMANCE METROLOGY,"$58k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join our Intelligent Systems Division! As a member of the team, you will help develop creative solutions for existing and next-generation technologies for healthcare applications using advanced modeling, artificial intelligence and machine learning. This role entails frequent interaction with technical clients and colleagues to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives. Operate in various phases of the system lifecycle, including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation.


Education/Experience:


Must have a BS, Masters or Ph.D. in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Biomedical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or other related disciplines. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. Must have course work or experience in more than one of the following: image and video processing, high performance computing including GPUs, network and routing protocols, logic programming and knowledge representation, machine learning/artificial intelligence, software development, signal processing; communications and RF. Strong software skills required. Experience in C++, C#, and/or Python preferred. Experience with Linux, real-time operating systems, multithreaded programming, and/or networking/socket programming is a plus. An interest and/or experience in working with hardware a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills required. Must be able to work in project team environments and independently. Must have excellent problem-solving skills, be self-motivated, and be driven by challenging problems. Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail with an aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
142,Big Data Engineer - Chicago - Future Opportunity,"$71k-$129k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ABOUT US

Are you ready to transform an industry? At Centro we are building a comprehensive tech platform that radically increases efficiencies and impact across businesses, teams, and campaigns. Our clients can run all their digital business through Basis, with robust business intelligence, workflow automation, search and social integrations, and the number one rated DSP.
We’re taking the digital advertising world by storm and are proud to be headquartered in the rapidly growing tech hub of Chicago, with offices that span across the United States, Canada, Mexico, and London. Join us in our mission to improve the lives of everyone working in the industry!
WHY WORK WITH US?
At Centro, we believe that lasting success is achieved through continual dedication to the growth and well-being of the individual. Our people are the core of what makes Centro unique. Driven by the Centro Manifesto and our guiding principles, we look to hire the best and brightest minds—curious, passionate learners who are driven to create impact.
We are committed to building a culture of highly motivated individuals who create a positive and supportive environment together. When we work hard, stay focused, and act in service to others, we believe that anything is possible. Come grow with us!

ABOUT THE TEAM

Technology is at the core of what we do. Centro’s innovative Engineering team designs and develops new features and integrations for Basis, our industry-leading, comprehensive software solution. Our platform processes over 300 billion events per day and uses AI and machine learning to automate and simplify the entire digital campaign process.

This team is all about data—and in order to create value from the massive amount of data we collect, engineering leverages their dynamic Data Engineering, Data Science, and Business Intelligence teams to create insights that benefit the industry as a whole.

Our Tech Stack:
• Ruby, Java, Python, and React.js
• Kubernetes, Docker, Kafka
• PostgreSQL, NoSQL
• AWS

Ways You’ll Contribute
We are looking for engineers who are excited about building distributed data pipelines. We want you to help us shape our internal and external brand-new data warehouses, leveraging the latest advances of big data processing: a combination of Kafka Streams, Hadoop, and traditional RDBMS. You will also contribute by:

Implementing scalable, fault tolerant and accurate ETL pipelines that work in a distributed Hadoop environment.
Developing platform services to operate the big data applications at scale.
Gathering and processing raw data at scale from diversified sources into Hadoop.
Building enterprise business analytics and reporting applications on Hadoop.

What You Bring to the Table
Solid understanding of distributed system fundamentals.
Experience in developing, troubleshooting, diagnosing, and performance tuning of distributed data pipelines at scale.
Demonstrated professional experience working with various components of Big Data ecosystem: Spark/Spark Streaming, Hive, Kafka/KSQL, Hadoop (or similar NoSQL ecosystem), et. al, in a production system.
Strong software engineering skills with Python.
Knowledge of some flavor of SQL (MySQL, Oracle, Hive, Impala), including the fundamentals of data modeling and performance.
Bonus Points
Skills in real-time streaming applications.
Knowledge of Scala.
A development workflow using Docker containers.
Compulsion for automating your day-to-day processes.
LIFE WITH CENTRO

We take care of our people. Our team has put together a thoughtful benefits package and provides a wide range of perks, including competitive 401k matching, a tax-free health savings account, tuition reimbursement, generous maternity/paternity leave, and more.

Aside from benefits, we’re always finding new ways to invest in the personal and professional growth our employees. We’re proud to support a variety of employee-led communities that enrich our culture of uniqueness, inclusivity, and empowerment. Centro is more than a workplace.

Centro is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and support an inclusive workplace diverse in thought, perspective and culture. We celebrate all team members regardless of gender/identity, sexual orientation, race or cultural background, religion, physical disability and age. We are better together.",3.9,"Centro
3.9","Chicago, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
143,Data Engineer,"$42k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Cadent powers the evolution of TV brand advertising. We provide marketers, agencies, operators, and media owners with data-driven solutions for buying and selling TV advertising. By connecting brands with opportunities across national inventory sourcescable, broadcast, and digital mediaour technology improves efficiencies and boosts the results of linear, addressable, and cross-screen campaigns.

Right now we are looking for a self motivated Data Engineer to join the team responsible for ingesting, processing, and distributing the data used by Cadent's data-driven business systems. This position will work directly with our Data Science, Business Intelligence and Software Development teams to produce these systems.

About you:
You have a strong aptitude for querying data sets from heterogeneous sourcesboth structured and unstructured
You have commercial experience with both distributed systems, e.g. Hadoop and Spark, cloud ecosystems like AWS and Azure, and traditional relational database systems
You have a conceptual understanding of advanced numerical programming and will be able to verbalize the story of the data in business terms.
You can easily work with a diverse team to achieve a common goal
What you will do:
Process unstructured data into a form suitable for data consumers
Create data pipelines from various data sources through the different data lake zones to make data available for query and reporting
Collaborate with data scientists on data selection, preprocessing and formatting for analysis
Collaborate with software development teams to productize analytical tool prototypes
Collaborate with business stakeholders and third parties to improve external data sources
Support business decisions with ad hoc data analysis as needed
Actively participate in architecting Cadent's Data Lake solution.
Your education and experience:
B.S. or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field
3 years of commercial development of efficient and robust ETL and data processing workflows
2 years of commercial experience with AWS or Azure ecosystem and Spark programming
Experience with AWS S3, Glue, Athena, Lambda, EC2 desirable
3 years of commercial experience programming in a functional programming language such as Scala and/or an object-oriented programming language such as Java/C#/Python
Commercial experience with relational database management systems and SQL queries
Demonstrable analytical and quantitative numerical programming experience
Good presentation and communication skillsvisual and verbal
Experience working in both Unix/Linux and Windows environments is a plus.


If the leading edge of media technology is the place you want to be, please contact us today and let's start the conversation!

/CADENT/ is an EOE M/F/D/V. We do not work with 3rd Party Staffing Agencies.

]]>",2.9,"Cadent
2.9","Philadelphia, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
144,Senior Data Analytics/Scientist,"$103k-$169k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Senior Data Analytics/Scientist to support the Chief Human Capital Office (CHCO) for an Intelligence Community (IC) program in Northern Virginia. An Active TS/SCI with polygraph security clearance is required to be considered for this position. The candidate will support Government staff in developing a broad range of written products in support of senior leadership and USG policymakers.

Primary Responsibilities

Provide expert and professional data scientists to implement effective and innovative solutions meshing disparate data types to discover insights and trends in human capital information. Perform work on a data science team to advance HCA across the IC. Centralize IC CHCO data collection and synthesis, including survey data, enabling strategic and predictive analytics to guide business decisions. Develop or utilize complex programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in data sets; lead statistical modeling, or other data-driven problem-solving analysis to address novel or abstract business operation questions; and incorporate insights and findings into a range of products.

Create detailed write-ups of processes used, logic applied, and methodologies used for creation, validation, analysis, and visualizations. Write- ups shall occur initially, within a week of when process is created, and updated in writing when changes occur.

Adapt freeware solutions such as R, and modular solutions for maximum flexibility. Provide an advanced capability for data analysis of human capital information from disparate data types, promoting visualization and storytelling to discover insights that help guide business decisions. Be forward leaning, exploring HCA solutions that benefit IC elements individually and collectively. Let the data tell the story including what is inconsistent or contradictory, and automate data cleansing as much as possible. Integrate data solutions and collection with IC Information Technology Enterprise to enhance connectivity with IC Elements.

Identify and customize, if necessary, Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) Information Technology (IT) tools for administration and data collection, or to leverage, support, and integrate the process with tools built for the IC and/or its component elements. Any tools developed shall be web-based and web-enabled, designed to maximize feedback effectiveness while protecting employee assessment information, and include both structured interview and web-based tools for gathering feedback.

Assist in the development and maintenance of financial procedural guidance, templates and data formats, for identifying IC-wide workforce numbers, to include government, military, and contractor support. Review, assess data, identify data deficiencies and recommend solutions for remediation. Support quantitative and analytic efforts for workforce planning, development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to the Congressional Budget Justification Book (CBJB) planning displays, and analytic support for budget management and planning. Assist with ad hoc data requests from Congress, IC elements or as required by IC CHCO.

Coordinate and facilitate community of practice and working group meetings, to include meeting logistics, agenda development and presenter coordination, day-of execution and facilitation, documentation and distribution of meeting minutes and presentations. Present or coordinate presentations on relevant topics as directed by IC CHCO.

Demonstrated experience in developing and applying quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large human capital data sets (such as the Human Capital Data Call, Foreign Language Data Call, FAIR act data, etc.) using statistical and graphical packages.

Applied knowledge in the mathematical sciences such as probability, statistics, predictive modeling, computational social sciences; computer programming such as but not limited to Python, R, SAS, SPSS; and COTS data visualization packages such as but not limited to Tableau. Experience with Oracle Database and Procedural language/Structured Query Language (PUSQL).

Demonstrated experience with structuring data, natural language processing, database technologies, and machine learning algorithms.

Ability to translate complex, technical, or analytic findings into an easily understood narrative- tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form.

Preferred Experience:

C#.NET, ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC), jQuery, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), etc.

Demonstrated expertise in supporting quantitative and analytical efforts and knowledge of workforce planning. Experience should include engagement with the Intelligence Community and expertise with using analytical software.

Demonstrated professional experience in developing quantitative financial analysis related to budget formulation and execution. Experience in development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to CBJB workforce displays and analytic support, resource management and planning.

Demonstrated experience in human resource management supporting the federal government.

Demonstrated experience in the use of programming, design, development, and implementation of on-line and automated survey instruments.

Years of Experience: 7 years of relevant experience in a related field (computer science, mathematics, statistics, etc.).

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's or advanced degree in social sciences or related fields. Related fields may include statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, or engineering.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance/ SCI Eligibility with a CI Polygraph. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems, Inc.
4.5","Bethesda, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
145,AWS Data Engineer,-1,"AWS Data Engineer Northern, VA

AWS Data Engineer


Minimum Requirements
Active SECRET clearance preferred; Clearable US Citizen with NAIC (National background check) may also apply
5 years Data Engineering experience AND a BA Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Sciences, or equivalent; 4 years of additional relevant experience may be substituted for education.
Working knowledge of agile software development, DevSecOps, and AWS native solutions including API Gateway, S3, and Lambda is required.
Preferred Experience
Knowledge of several of the following areas is desirable: DevSecOps, Active Server Pages, JavaScript, Python, HTML, and AWS native applications including S3, WAF, API Gateway, Lambda, CloudFront, DynamoDB, Transcribe, Athena, Simple Queue Service, QuikSight, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, KMS, and Cognito.
Job Duties
Provide development support to the Scrum Master in an agile software development environment in AWS.
Works as a key member of an AWS native solution software development team and works to identify risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments.
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details
Location – Arlington, Virginia
Travel Required – N/A
If travel is required, how much? 0%
Work Schedule (Shift etc.): Day Shift
Authorization to work in US required
8570 Requirements: N/A
NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
Tagged as: AWS Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
146,Data Analyst,"$33k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our data operations team is the pharmacy support system for our customers - we help them transition to divvyDOSE, manage their prescriptions, answer their questions, and coordinate care with their health team. This work is coordinated across pharmacists, technicians, and customer support staff to ensure we provide the best care for our customers. Among other things, we transfer prescriptions to and from other pharmacies, contact medical care providers to understand treatments and request prescription refills and answer inbound questions from our customers.

You will:


Your goal is to help the operation run more effectively and efficiently through data analysis, reporting, dash-boarding, and special projects. You will help us build context through better reporting and drive the business forward by providing data-driven recommendations on ways to improve efficiency and optimize our operation. On any given day you might be presenting to our executive team, doing a deep dive on call analytics, or working with a small team to prototype and test new processes.
Become an expert and go-to resource for our process flows and our operational data
Work with operations management to develop actionable operations performance dashboards across all areas of the organization
Perform ad-hoc data analysis to identify measurable improvements to our operation, and advocate for those improvements via presentations and reports
Maintain and improve operations forecasting models
Collaborate with Finance and Technology teams to ensure we are able to continue to effectively measure our operation as technology improves
Communicate effectively and efficiently across multiple teams and work groups
Requirements
You have strong analytical and problem-solving skills
You are used to tackling very loosely defined problems and still deliver high-quality output
Advanced proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, and strong written and oral communication
Ability to adapt quickly to a changing environment
3-5 years of analyst experience
Bachelor's degree, with major in analytical or technical field strongly preferred
Experience with BI tools such as Looker or Tableau is a plus
Job Title: Data Analyst

Job Type: Full-time

FLSA Status: Exempt

Benefits

In addition to competitive salary and a unique opportunity to thrive at a growing company, divvyDOSE offers various formal benefits as well.

INSURANCE, PAID TIME OFF, & RETIREMENT

Full-time employees receive Sick days, Vacation days, and Holiday Bonuses as well as employer-paid Medical (including a Health Savings Account with an employer contribution), Dental, Vision, and Life insurance. In addition, we're proud to offer Voluntary Life & AD&D, Short Term Disability, and Long Term Disability coverage. A 401k plan with employer contribution is available, too.

SOCIAL EVENTS

In our company description, you can tell the divvyTEAM likes to have fun. Regular potlucks, company events, pizza days, wellness challenges, and divvyNEWS You Can Use updates maintain our work-hard play-hard culture.

divvyDOSE provides equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status, or other legally protected classification in the state in which a person is seeking employment. Applicants encouraged to confidentially self-identify when applying. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Drug-free work environment. Must be eligible to work in the United States.

Apply for this job",3.4,"divvyDOSE
3.4","Moline, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
147,Data Analyst,"$38k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Big Huge Games is looking for a qualified Data Analyst to help provide data insights to our games teams and upcoming BHG titles to assist them in making successful strategic and game direction decisions. This role works closely with our Product and Design teams to structure quantitative questions, gather player data, employ statistical methodology in analysis of the data, and construct insightful reporting and visualizations to communicate those results to the wider team.

Responsibilities
Provide reports and monitoring tools to assist team in daily game health assessment
Perform in-depth analysis of game metrics to inform and support both short and long-term product direction decisions
Communicate the results of analyses to the product team, game studio, and outside partners through data visualization and presentations
Qualifications
3-5 years experience with querying large complex data sets with SQL on relational databases
Several years experience performing quantitative analysis preferably with a games, web, or technology focus
High level of proficiency in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Excel, or equivalent
Passion for problem solving, from generating insightful questions to research, through presentation of results and follow-on steps
Track record of success working in fast-paced environments with shifting priorities and deadlines
Ability to work in both individual and team settings
Excellent organizational, communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills
Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or another quantitative field
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

About Big Huge Games:

Big Huge Games is a small, passionate team led by experienced game development veterans, proudly located just north of Baltimore, MD, who are excited about the rise of touchscreen platforms. We believe in hiring talented team members who enjoy working in a fun and positive environment.

The company was founded in March of 2013 by Brian Reynolds (Civilization II, Rise of Nations, FrontierVille) and a group of longtime collaborators. Big Huge Games is dedicated to ""Finding The Fun"" through rapid prototyping and a focus on great user experience.

In July 2015 we launched our first game, DomiNations, which was awarded “Editors Choice” in the app store and continues to be successful with audiences across the globe. In 2016 we were acquired by our publisher, Nexon, and now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary, allowing us the stability of a larger studio but the feel of a smaller, indie game team.

Our goals are simple: Make great games, strive to always be improving, and live up to the motto you gotta have fun to make fun.

This a full-time position onsite at our studio in Timonium, MD.
Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID19 positions will begin remote before transitioning to onsite.

Applicants should download DomiNations on iOS or Android and be prepared to discuss the game.",4.9,"Big Huge Games
4.9","Timonium, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
148,Senior Data Scientist,"$101k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Klaviyo is looking for Senior Data Scientists to join our team which is still in its early days. You'll have a big impact on our direction and how we operate. You'll be central to upfront research and shipping products that help our customers learn and grow from their data.

The ideal candidate has a background in data science, statistics and machine learning and has done work ranging from exploratory analysis to training and deploying models. We use a wide variety of data mining and machine learning algorithms. The right candidate will have both a solid fundamental understanding and deep practical experience with at least a few modeling and machine learning techniques.

You should have experience building models that are used by people to make better decisions. We're focused on shipping early and often. We prefer iterative solutions that are incrementally better to the perfect solution.

How you will make a difference:


Analyze large data sets (we're collecting billions of individual actions every month).
Build models and ship products that enable businesses to grow faster and communicate with their customers.
Democratize and open up that technology to everyone (Our background as a team is building these models for the Fortune 50).
Match the right assumptions and models to the right problem.
Measure and know what impact your models had on the decisions people made -- e.g. did they outperform the previous best model or a human decision maker?

Who You Are:


Bachelor's or advanced degree in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or other relevant quantitative discipline, or equivalent industry experience.
Have worked in a data science role for 5+ years professionally or academically and can talk about your projects and the techniques you used.
Have a strong fundamental understanding and deep experience with at least a few machine learning algorithms (e.g. regressions, decision trees, k-means clustering, neural networks).
Understand Bayesian modeling techniques.
Are capable of analyzing data and making rigorous statements about what can or cannot be concluded.
Have experience designing and implementing model performance/validation assessments.
Have a background in statistics and understand different distributions and the conditions under which they're valid.
Know how code and have used data science tools and packages.
Have demonstrated a measurable impact based on the models you've created. It's not always easy getting a model correct and we love talking about places we got stuck and working as a team to think through ideas that could unblock us.
Have a desire to ship features powered by data science (in other words, you're excited by both upfront research and actually getting models into production at cloud scale).

Get to know Klaviyo

Klaviyo is the world's leading owned marketing platform known for accelerating revenue for online businesses using the channels they own like email, web, and mobile. Enabling companies to leverage these owned marketing channels, Klaviyo makes it easy to store, access, analyze and use transactional and behavioral data to power highly-targeted customer and prospect communications. And unlike other marketing platforms, Klaviyo doesn't force companies to compromise between advanced functionality or ease of use - so companies of all sizes are able to maximize their sales quickly. That's why over 50,000 innovative companies like Unilever, Custom Ink and Eventbrite sell more with Klaviyo.",4.9,"Klaviyo
4.9","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
149,Data Scientist/Business Intelligence Engineer,"$76k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Homesite Insurance was founded in 1997 and was one of the first companies to enable customers to purchase home insurance directly online, during a single visit. Since then, we've continued to innovate rapidly to meet the needs of our customers and their changing expectations.

One thing that's stayed the same since our founding: our commitment to our customers, partners and employees.

Join us on our journey as we continue to grow into a powerful contender in the field of insurance.

Homesite Insurance Company is seeking an experienced, passionate and motivated, Data Scientist/ Business Intelligence Engineer, to provide strategic leadership in the areas of Insurance Operations. The ideal candidate must be able to make an immediate impact by working with stakeholders throughout the organization to plan and execute change to impact the bottom line. Their skill set will support the growth of the Commercial line of business by utilizing data to drive decisions that optimize operational results.

This role is part of our Operations Department, which is responsible for managing post sales processing and servicing activities to meet/exceed operational service level agreements in a cost effective manner. This department has business responsibility for policy processing, billing, claims processing, in-sourced and outsourced back office operations, service platform, and business ownership of call center technology platform and operations-based IT initiatives. The Operations Department drives continuous improvement in servicing capabilities through process and IT changes and partner with Underwriting, Finance, Claims, and IT.

The Data Scientist/Business Intelligence Engineer is a highly quantitative problem solver who loves to dig into different kinds of data and can confidently and successfully communicate their findings to stakeholders in different departments. They will act as a strategic change agent to drive the change management and adoption of key initiatives to support the growth of Homesite by leveraging enterprise data to model outcomes and create anomaly detection capabilities. The incumbent will work closely with Customer Service, Billing, Claims, Policy Operations, IT, KTC, Training and external vendors, developing solutions that optimize all areas of operations.

Responsibilities:

-Mine and analyze data from internal and external databases to drive optimization of operations, financial outcomes, customer experience and retention.

-Use statistical and machine learning/deep learning to build supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised models per business needs.

-Ensure data quality throughout all stages of acquisition and processing, including areas such as data sourcing/collection, ground truth generation, normalization and transformation.

-Communicate proposals and results in a clear manner backed by data and coupled with actionable conclusions to drive business decisions.

-Work with other analysts and team members to translate models into business solutions and collaborate with other departments in the company when necessary.

-Interface with stakeholders and develop innovative approaches to communicate the value add of the models being built.

-Participate in the transfer of knowledge of methodologies and best practices to peers and colleagues through collaboration, mentoring, and formal presentation and consulting.

Required skills:

-Master’s degree or higher in Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative discipline.

-Three to five years business experience in statistical modeling, data mining, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and applying data base queries.

-Proficiency in programming in Python, R and SQL.

-Ability to extract and clean data from a variety of structured and unstructured sources.

-Ability to drive both individual and team projects to completion.

-Demonstrated ability to work with executives, such as CEO, CFO, and CIO on strategic direction setting and decision making.

-Demonstrated ability to build relationships and accomplish goals across a highly matrixed organization.

-Clearly communicate complex findings to colleagues and external customers.

-Monitor the results of statistical models through the use of dashboards and ad hoc analyses.

#LI-TD1",3.1,"Homesite Group
3.1","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
150,Scientist,"$79k-$156k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are looking for a highly motivated scientist to join the Discovery Immuno-Oncology group at Jounce Therapeutics. The successful candidate for this position will play a leading role within a team of scientists engaged in the discovery and testing of novel cancer immunotherapeutic biologics. Responsibilities include designing, developing, and conducting experiments aimed at identifying optimal therapeutic candidates, understanding the mechanism of action of our therapeutic molecules (mostly monoclonal antibodies), as well as playing a key team role in supporting a program from discovery to development. Management of one or more research associates is expected. The candidate must be capable of working across functional groups and communicating results with scientists from diverse backgrounds. The ideal candidate should be a highly motivated self-starter capable of working independently and as part of a team.
Responsibilities:
Manage and lead one or more research associates.
Provide both immuno-oncology guidance and technical expertise to a cross-functional team.
Lead the development and execution of a novel discovery program
Active management of experimental activities and delivery of data in accordance with program and corporate timelines.
Thorough documentation of experiments and communication of results across functional teams.
Drafting documents in support of regulatory filings.

Doctoral degree (PhD., M.D., M.D./Ph.D.) or equivalent in Immunology or Cancer Immunology, postdoctoral experience of 1-4 year, with industry experience a plus.
S/he will have a strong background in Immunology, with an excellent understanding of the role of immune cells in influencing cellular adaptive and innate immune responses, and experience working with biologics.
Extensive experience with in vitro and ex vivo immunological assays (multi-parameter flow cytometry, immune cell sorting and isolation, etc.)
Publications in top tier journals, and/or patents
Excellent organizational, communication and presentation skills
Strong interpersonal skills and a desire to bring novel therapeutics to patients is key
Able to thrive in a highly collaborative, fast-paced, team-oriented environment with colleagues from diverse disciplines but with the capacity to work independently.
Ability to think creatively and critically to make a measurable impact on projects is an important aspect of this role.
Additional Qualifications
Experience with in vivo, immune system-related mouse models and/or syngeneic mouse tumor models is advantageous.

Jounce Therapeutics is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, religion, creed, sex, or political beliefs. We offer a competitive salary and benefits package. All applicants should be legally entitled to work for any employer in the U.S.
To apply, please visit https://careers-jouncetx.icims.com/.

Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company dedicated to transforming the treatment of cancer by developing therapies that enable the immune system to attack tumors and provide long lasting benefits to patients through a biomarker-driven approach. Through the use of its Translational Science Platform, Jounce first focuses on specific cell types within the human tumor microenvironment to prioritize targets, and then identifies related biomarkers designed to match the right immunotherapy to the right patient. Jounce currently has four development-stage programs, two of which are clinical-stage: vopratelimab, a monoclonal antibody that binds to and activates ICOS, and JTX-4014, a PD-1 inhibitor intended for combination use with Jounce’s broader pipeline. Vopratelimab is currently being assessed in a Phase 2 clinical trial, EMERGE, and Jounce plans to initiate an additional Phase 2 biomarker trial using TISvopra for patient selection, SELECT, to assess vopratelimab in combination with JTX-4014. Jounce’s IND-enabling preclinical programs include JTX-8064, a LILRB2 receptor antagonist and JTX-1811, a monoclonal antibody designed to selectively deplete T regulatory cells in the tumor microenvironment. For more information, please visit www.jouncetx.com.",4.4,"Jounce Therapeutics
4.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
151,Marketing Data Analyst,"$70k-$100k
(Employer Est.)","Were seeking a Marketing Data Analyst with an entrepreneurial drive who loves turning data into actionable insights and empowering marketing stakeholders to better leverage and understand their data.

Initial responsibilities:
Build, maintain, and monitor a comprehensive set of metrics and KPIs to measure the marketing groups health and success.
Collaborate with specific marketing subgroups to supply them with data and analysis they need day in and day out.
Identify underlying trends in marketing data to help provide strategic recommendations for marketing subgroups.
Empowering marketing group members by helping them understand underlying data and correct ways to interpret the data.
Responsibilities that can be earned:
Use the set of marketing group metrics to spearhead data projects that will help us double down on effective efforts and scale back low/negative ROI efforts.
Uncover data behind eBooks, research reports, social campaigns, and more - for every project underway, make sure theres accompanying data.
Requirements:
3-5 years in an analytic role, SaaS business model is a plus.
Marketing analyst / business analyst experience preferred.
High level of comfort with SQL strongly preferred.
Experience working with SaaS metrics, retention and LTV modeling, and attribution-based measurement a plus.
Strong analytical skills, data sensibility, and an able communicator.
California Job Applicant Privacy Notice

Thank you for your interest in opportunities at SimplePractice LLC (“SimplePractice” or “us” or “we” or “our”). Please note that when you submit your resume or application materials to us for employment purposes, we may collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, email address, and phone number); protected characteristics (e.g., sex, gender, age, citizenship, disability status, and veteran status); professional or employment-related information (e.g., employment history, educational background, certificates and licenses, work eligibility information and other information obtained from your resume, cover letter, your responses to our application questions, background check forms, and your references); other personal records (e.g., signature, photograph, and criminal background information); and inferences drawn from personal information collected (e.g., creating a profile that reflects your abilities and aptitudes).
We collect the above categories of personal information for the following business purposes:
To perform recruitment and hiring services; to manage the workforce; to comply with federal and state laws, and to maintain security (e.g., to detect and prevent against security risks and incidents, to prevent against fraudulent or illegal activity, and to ensure compliance with our company policies and procedures).
For more information about our privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Policy or contact us at privacy@simplepractice.com

Powered by JazzHR",4.6,"SimplePractice
4.6","Santa Monica, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
152,Data Scientist,"$89k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Scientist will be joining a team of extremely passionate data scientists, product managers, and engineerswho share a common interest in tackling some of the most difficult data science and machine learning problems today. With the data products you design, 7Park will arm influential decision-makers at financial and corporate giants with critical information they need to make smart, data-driven decisions. Our technologies and data power the insights for financial services and corporations.

The compensation package includes a competitive salary and incentive structure, generous benefits, and valuable business experiences, challenges, and excitement of contributing to the success of a fast-growing technology startup.

As Data Scientists at 7Park Data, we design and build data products that provide rich intelligence on real-time economic activity for our financial and corporate clients. To do that, we research and develop machine learning systems to extract decision-ready insight from massive volumes of structured and unstructured data.

Responsibilities:
Building, testing and maintaining all the components of 7Park Data’s product pipelines:
o Developing the transformation and enrichment logic that prepares messy, incomplete and inconsistent data for analysis

o Applying statistical modelling techniques to produce signals and packaging them in a client-consumable output
Work with 7Park Product and Commercial teams to understand business requirements, and their context, then translate them to a technical plan of action.
Evaluate new vendor data as part of our data acquisition process, form opinions on its future business value and the likelihood of success, and ultimately communicate findings to stakeholders at all levels of seniority
Collaborate with our Financial Research team to investigate hypotheses, produce commentaries and analyses on market trends, as well as refining new and existing products
Work with Product Managers at a strategic level to plan product roadmaps, recommend new products or enhancements, as well as estimating and prioritizing work. Ensure alignment of day-to-day activity with the overall product strategy
Develop systems to monitor the analytical quality of production models to discover anomalies, following through to investigation and resolution
Create technical documentation for both internal and external technical audiences, as well as contributing to client-facing content for non-technical audiences
Requirements:
3 – 5 years of relevant professional experience in an autonomous data analytics or data science role
Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics, computational finance, or a similar quantitative field (or relevant work experience)
Knowledge of statistics, computer science and machine learning
Strong programming skills in Python (highly preferred), R, and/or Scala
Strong proficiency with Pandas and Scikit-Learn
Experience with building distributed data pipelines using PySpark
Experience with several of the following concepts: decision trees, random forests, gradient boosting; linear regression; logistic regression; dimensionality reduction using PCA and clustering
Comfortable with general SDLC concepts and processes
Results-driven attitude with a strong desire to build data products and achieve results that matter- for us and for our clients. We come to play and play to win.
Deeply held conviction for the power of data, with high analytical standards and surgical attention to detail
Fearlessness in the pursuit of process improvement, implementation, and change
Flexibility and willingness to adapt to the changing demands of a fast-paced startup environment
Solutions oriented approach and multi-dimensional problem solving
Highly self-motivated and results oriented, proven track record of exceeding goals
Commitment to success and willingness to put forth the effort to achieve it
Strong written and verbal English communication skills – ability to communicate complex ideas simply and accurately to technical and non-technical audiences",4.0,"7Park Data
4.0","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
153,Data Scientist,"$59k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist, St. Louis, MO

***No c2c or sponsorship, must be our W2 employee***

Required Skills / Experience:

• MS in computer science, machine learning, statistics, genetics, animal/plant breeding, or closely-related field with at least 1 year of industry experience

• Strong code development experience with R and Python for 3+ year

• Strong object-oriented programming (OOP) and design experience

• Strong in SQL and experience with big data ecosystem

• Experience with coding best practices, version control and documentation

• Problem solver and analytical thinking

• Commitment to ensuring data quality and accuracy and attention to detail

• Strong business aptitude, the ability to rapidly learn new problem domains, and become conversant in the domain with subject matter experts.

• Strong organizational, interpersonal skills with proven ability to communicate complex qualitative analysis in clear, concise, and precise manner.

Desired Skills / Experience:

• PhD in computer science, machine learning, statistics, genetics, animal/plant breeding, or closely-related field

• Experience with AWS, docker and other automation tools

• Experience with workflow orchestration

• Knowledge of plant breeding and genomic prediction

• Experience with web development",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
154,Senior Health Data Analyst I,"$74k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Health Data Analyst contributes to the overall success of the organization by developing analytic solutions that support activities related to health services utilization management, care coordination, quality improvement and population health. Through analyzing patient claims, member enrollment, and other data, the Senior Health Data Analyst participates in identifying progress, performance and opportunities for improvement on programs, quality of care, patient experience, and other metrics. The Senior Health Data Analyst requires a thorough understanding of healthcare data and workflows, combined with an extensive experience creating large data sets, conducting statistical data analysis (SAS), and using BI tools (Tableau).

Works closely with other members of the Health Analytics team, as well as the Financial Analytics and Data Warehouse teams to gather key data from various internal and external systems.
Creates data sets, extracts and synthesizes data; conducts and interprets quantitative analyses.
Prepares a variety of reports, including statistical analyses and dashboards that allow key stakeholders to make informed business decisions based on data.
Assists in design and development of data collection strategies, aggregation, analysis, and reporting to ensure data integrity and enhance information value.
Generates a quality work product, presentable for content and audience, in a timely manner while maintaining strong attention to detail.
Manages and prioritizes workload while meeting deliverables and expectations.
Works autonomously and collaboratively with report requestors, providing guidance to define report requirements and validate results.
Works collaboratively across departments to understand and meet analytic needs.
Researches and recommends areas for improvement of data quality and reporting.
Maintains in-depth knowledge of health plan operations, including claims processing, utilization management, quality improvement activities and pay for performance programs
Documents report processes/logic and actively engages in department’s documentation efforts to improve knowledge base of team.
SECONDARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Performs other assigned or needed activities required to assure success of the organization.
Participates in special projects as needed.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree with concentration in health informatics, health administration, public health, computing, epidemiology, statistics or related field, Master’s degree preferred. Minimum four (4) years of experience in data analysis and reporting.
Special Skills, Licenses and Certifications
Knowledge of major health plan operations: healthcare claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Excellent knowledge of data collection, analysis, statistics and data presentation with experience in data mining techniques and procedures. Experience using statistical packages for analyzing large data sets. Experience working with administrative data, ideally health care data. Understanding of health data formats including claims, lab and pharmacy. Knowledge of clinical coding systems (e.g., ICD9, ICD10, CPT). Proficiency in inferential and predictive statistical analysis. Proficiency in business software applications such as Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, SAS, and Tableau.
Performance Based Competencies
Must demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to clearly communicate complex information to diverse audiences. Ability to communicate data needs to various customers (internal and external) in order to compile and produce necessary reports. Excellent analytical, problem solving, investigative and research ability. Ability to work in a team environment, take and give direction, follow through with tasks and projects, compromise, negotiate and achieve consensus decisions, support consensus decisions, be flexible and adaptable to changes in assignments and the work environment, work independently, manage time efficiently and multi-task effectively. Ability to make decisions that require significant analysis and investigation with solutions requiring critical thinking. Ability to quickly acquire in-depth knowledge of various systems related to claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits at PHC. Ability to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner. Ability to interpret and understand technical requirements. Must be highly organized and proficient at multi-tasking. Must be willing and able to provide gracious assistance to users, providers, and other constituents of PHC.
Work Environment And Physical Demands
More than 50% of work time is spent at a video display terminal. May be required to bend, stoop, kneel, crawl, or work in other non-standing and non-sitting positions to install cabling, systems hardware, and other related equipment.
All HealthPlan employees are expected to:
Provide the highest possible level of service to clients;
Promote teamwork and cooperative effort among employees;
Maintain safe practices; and
Abide by the HealthPlan’s policies and procedures, as they may from time to time be updated.
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER NOTICE
The job duties, elements, responsibilities, skills, functions, experience, educational factors and the requirements and conditions listed in this job description are representative only and not exhaustive or definitive of the tasks that an employee may be required to perform. The employer reserves the right to revise this job description at any time and to require employees to perform other tasks as circumstances or conditions of its business, competitive considerations, or work environment change.",3.5,"Partnership HealthPlan of California
3.5","Fairfield, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
155,Software Engineer - Data Visualization,"$60k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels who are experienced with data visualization, interactive data-driven visualizations, and user interface design. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for the design and development of data visualization software, techniques, and algorithms.
The candidate should have experience creating and building custom, re-usable data visualizations based on statistical and mathematical modeling and data analysis to be used to solve a variety of problems related to data reporting. Seeking engineers with the ability to overcome information overload, are familiar with accessibility compliance, information design, and human factors and usability design.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop, and deploy analytic software solutions
Self-motivated with a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Designing, developing, and deploying data visualizations, interactive dashboards, and user interface solutions
Applying knowledge of technical computing platforms, tools, and techniques to analyze information and data requirements obtained from data scientists, analysts, and other business stakeholders
Planning and proposing solutions for the optimization of data integration strategies, intuitive designs, and enterprise interactive dashboards
Formulating simulation models of operational problems and proposed solutions related to integrating and analyzing using dynamic data visualizations that incorporate intuitive interfaces, infographics, interactive drill-downs, movements
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams on the use of data visualizations developed
Collecting feedback to make continuous improvements to new and existing data visualizations
Contributing to guidelines and design conventions and standards for modeling and data visualizations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design, development, and deployment of software systems
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Front-end application frameworks such as Vue, React, Angular
HTML/CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap, Zurb, Material
Experience developing client-side applications using JavaScript
JavaScript libraries such as Bootstrap, jQuery, Leaflet, D3.js
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Comfortable meeting with customers and peers to explore change requests, bugs and new ideas
Customer technical support experience
Documentation experience, to include up-front design documentation


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
156,Data Analyst,"$60k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

A Data Analyst designs, executes and interprets past and real time data to identify trends, reconcile inconsistencies, and make recommendations to improved IT Service Delivery This includes active analysis of the traditional ITSM Event, Incident, Request, Problem, Knowledge, Change, Configuration and Release processes.

What Youll Get to Do:
Monitors and queries the IT Service Delivery platform to analyze demand, usage, and performance
Uses data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate reporting to improve service delivery, infrastructure management, and conduct proactive problem and incident management.
Works with the ITSM Process Leads and Customer Engagement teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performance
Analyze, define, and report on trends identified in the data
Facilitate Technical Exchange Meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reporting
Leverage the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendations
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement data collection solutions, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality of information
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement and Continual Service Improvement (CSI) opportunities
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Active TS/SCI with Poly required
A bachelor's degree OR equivalent experience/4+ years of IT experience AND 1+ year of data analyst, performance management, and service delivery reporting
ITIL Foundations certification
A good understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniques
Knowledge of statistics and experience with statistical tools to analyze data sets (Excel, SPSS, or SAS)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Experience with the ServiceNow toolset
Experience with Tableau
Degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
ITIL Intermediate Certifications
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
allspark

BITS3

Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
157,Data Scientist,"$120k-$140k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description:

Quartet is a pioneering healthcare technology company striving to improve the lives of people with mental health conditions. We connect people to a personalized care team to get them the right care at the right time. Our collaborative technology platform and range of services brings together physicians, mental health providers, and insurance companies to effectively improve patient outcomes and drive down healthcare costs. Backed by $153MM in venture funding from top investors like Oak HC/FT, GV (formerly Google Ventures), F-Prime Capital Partners, Polaris Partners, Centene Corporation and Echo Ventures. Quartet is headquartered in NYC and is currently operating in several markets across the United States Pennsylvania, Washington, Northern California, New Jersey, North Carolina, Louisiana, and Illinois.

About the team & opportunity:

As a Data Scientist at Quartet, you will work on a range of projects -- developing statistical analyses to study impact of Quartet interventions; predicting mental health needs among populations; building machine learning models to suggest timely and appropriate behavioral health care interventions for patients. You'll develop a deep understanding of Quartet interventions and the predictive models and algorithms.

You will design and develop effective models, features, and algorithms involving multiple datasets, including user activity, Electronic Health Records (EHR), admissions, discharges and transfers (ADT), medical claims, pharmacy claims, and lab test claims. Leverages knowledge of computer science, machine learning, data mining and software architecture to build high-quality data products. Supports the design of Quartet products, including: an entity resolution and de-duplication library for linking patients and providers data, which is collected from multiple sources; a machine learning application for the detection of opioid use disorder in patients using supervised learning and deep learning; and an optical mark recognition (OMR) computer vision application for transcribing paper assessments.

Accountabilities:
Research and develop machine-learning and statistical models in Quartet Health's platform to improve software personalization and recommendations for users
Drives a data-informed process for experimenting with new products to improve patient outcomes and operational efficiency.
Performing ML research, exploratory data analysis, and computer-vision modeling; developing model evaluation and online maintenance methodologies, including confidence estimation, calibration, and concept drift
Develop general-purpose frameworks to support machine learning applications in production.
Minimum Qualifications:
2-3 years experience as a data scientist.
Formal training in statistics and computer science.
Knowledge of mathematical fundamentals: probability theory, linear algebra and statistics.
Strong data transformation and extraction skills with SQL databases.
Strong statistical programming skills in both Python and R.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with Amazon Web Services infrastructure.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with Linux command line.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with git for version control.
Ability to work on projects from initial to final phase- beginning by defining a problem, developing an implementation plan, and overseeing deployment and maintenance.
Ability to clearly communicate across disciplines and work collaboratively.
Experience with any of the following: Docker, TensorFlow, Keras, Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Gensim, Scikit-learn, NLKT, Jupyter
Employee Benefits for Quartet include: Unlimited vacation, volunteer opportunities, team events, mental healthcare coverage of 15 free therapy sessions + unlimited copay reimbursements, medical, dental + vision coverage, generous parental and military leave, commuter benefits, 401K, and stock option grants.

Want to know what Quartet life is like? Click here to meet our team.

Quartet is committed to building a diverse team and fostering an inclusive culture, and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We embrace and encourage our employees' differences in race, religion, color, national origin, gender, family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, medical conditions, and other characteristics. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Quartet does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Quartet will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Quartet.

Please note: Quartet interview requests and job offers only originate from quartethealth.com email addresses (e.g. jsmith@quartethealth.com). Quartet will also never ask for bank information (e.g. account and routing number), social security numbers, passwords, or other sensitive information to be delivered via email. If you receive a scam email or wish to report a security issue involving Quartet, please notify us at: security@quartethealth.com.

Have someone to refer? Email talent@quartethealth.com to submit their details to us.",3.7,"Quartet Health
3.7","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
158,Data Analyst,"$44k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Join our Operations Improvement team as a Performance Improvement Coordinator with a focus on data analysis. This is a full-time position with the availability to work remotely.

Work Schedule: Typically, M-F, day shift hours. Specific hours to be discussed and agreed upon with hiring leader. In addition, there may occasionally be evening and/or weekend hours, based on business needs that arise.

Why Join Ascension?
In Michigan, Ascension operates 16 hospitals and hundreds of related healthcare facilities that together employ over 20,000 associates. Across the state, Ascension Michigan is working together to help bring patients more resources and better care. Ascension Michigan is also committed to its community; it provided over $272 million in community benefit and care of persons living in poverty in FY2018. Ascension Michigan is dedicated to spiritually centered, holistic care which sustains and improves the health of individuals and communities.
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.
Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension-Michigan, you will have the opportunity to organize and coordinate performance improvement program activities and workflow.

Responsibilities:
Collaborates with multidisciplinary team on problem identification and resolution, cost containment issues, implementation of new services and systems/ performance measures.
Researches, develops/acquires and implements improvement systems, methodologies and tools to improve operations.
Collaborates with Leaders to develop and revise screening indicators.
Provides on-site training and follow-up for performance improvement teams.
Performs regulatory documentation preparation, submission, and maintenance. Ensures compliance with regulatory and accreditation requirements.
Assists in policy, procedure and contract review process. Coordinates quality improvement initiatives.
What You Will Need

Education:
Diploma
High school diploma or GED required.
Bachelor's degree preferred in analysis areas (biostatistics, statistics, applied mathematics, epidemiology, etc)
Preferred Experience:
Experience with database setup and administration.
Understand data storage and data sharing methods.
Compile and organize healthcare data.
Analyze data to assist in delivering optimal healthcare management and decision making.
Investigate data to find patterns and trends and make recommendations for quality improvements
Understand healthcare business operations.
Fluent in coding languages, such as R or SQL.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension Michigan is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, height, weight, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, veteran status or any other legally protected status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. The information requested on this application will not be used for any purpose prohibited by law. If you require assistance or an accommodation to complete this application, please let us know.

For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
M/F/Disabled/Vet
EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf
Reasonable Accommodation
Ascension Michigan provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: reasonableaccommodations@stjohn.org. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Ascension Michigan will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.
Thank you for considering a career with Ascension Michigan.
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension Michigan participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Warren, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
159,Principal Data Scientist,"$113k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Principal Data Scientist, Oncology
The Machine Learning and AI team in AstraZenecas Oncology Data Science group is where we develop and apply sophisticated algorithms and techniques to solve the hardest problems in oncology drug discovery and development. The team uses their scientific, quantitative, and problem-solving skills to work on a broad range of challenges across the whole oncology portfolio, working collaboratively with other scientists across a range of disciplines to scope, define, and deliver projects that both advance the state of the art in data science and accelerate the delivery of innovative medicines to patients.

NOTE: This position can be filled in either GAITHERSBURG MARYLAND OR WALTHAM, MASSACHUSETTS

As a Principal Data Scientist, you will play a key role on the front line in this rapidly growing team working to extract insight from complex biomedical data. You will develop your leadership skills and apply and develop your expertise in rigorous quantitative data science to provide solutions to a variety of data science problems, researching, recommending and delivering novel methodologies to solve the problems that matter to the oncology pipeline.

Examples of projects the team works on include developing machine learning models for digital biomarkers, patient risk stratification for clinical trials, new algorithms for survival analysis, approaches to quantitatively analyse wearable data, linking of medical imaging data with omics and longitudinal outcomes to identify and/or validate new drug targets, and much more!

Day-to-Day:
Developing novel data science and machine learning solutions where off-the-shelf methodologies do not fit.
Leading small (2-3 person) data science projects of defined scope.
Coaching/mentoring junior data scientists and others to drive the development of data science as an AZ capability.
What You'll Need:

Essential:
MSc degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Extensive hands-on experience applying data science tools in practice.
Practical software development skills in standard data science tools (such as R or python)
Extensive knowledge of mathematical modelling and statistical modelling techniques and drive to continue to learn and develop these skills
Outstanding communication, business analysis and consultancy
Desirable:
PhD degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering).
Experience within the pharmaceutical industry.
In-depth experience of working in a global organization with complex/geographical context",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
160,Translational Data Scientist/Data Engineering,"$86k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","20-Aug-2020

Job ID
300507BR
{""QuestionName"":""Job Description"",""AnswerValue"":""20. That’s how many years of data we have in our informatics systems! Enriched every day by more than 1000 Translational Medicine scientists. If you like data, there is no better place to be!

Who are we?

Our team of 30 Data Scientists are leveraging this data to accelerate drug development. NIBR Translational Medicine is in charge of creating data needed for submission of all Novartis drugs: Toxicology, DMPK, Phase I and II Clinical Trials, and most clinical Omics. We have one of the richest data pool in the Pharma world.
As a Translational Data Scientist, using your knowledge of research, you will analyze the Translational Medicine data landscape, and design ways to integrate data to speed up its analysis and the project delivery. Creating new capacities for Translational Medicine teams by easing access to data, relevant algorithms, and visualizations as part of the Novartis Digital Strategy, you will make drug development faster.

Your main responsibilities will be to:
• Organize access to data via APIs, applications and textual and graphical representations of the data in close collaboration with data scientists. Build application Proof of Concepts with selected scientists, organize scale up with relevant partners and release to NIBR community.
• Push community adoption of techniques and tools crafted by supporting power users and coordinating training sessions.
• Be a liaison between partners involved: scientific teams having data intensive needs, teams crafting enterprise solutions, internal and external partners producing similar solutions.
• Maintain expertise in methodologies for data handling, visualization and User Experience
• Mentor and encourage others to tackle problems
Posting Title
Translational Data Scientist/Data Engineering",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
161,Sr Data Analyst,"$52k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position location: Lake Mary, FLor Blue Bell, PA

Position Summary
The Senior Data Analyst drives pharma client analytics solutions for United BioSource Corporation (UBC), supporting many of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies to improve patient lives, support drug safety programs, and help manage new Clinical studies.

Responsibilities

· Build and continually improve Tableau dashboard offerings for business partners.

· Monitor and analyze business performance, providing targeted dashboards and recommendations for operational improvement.

· Serve as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for business data, systems and processes under team’s area of support.

· Write and edit SQL code to ensure data is pulled optimally.

Required Qualifications

· BS in a technical field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, IS, Computer Science, etc).

· Advanced SQL skills.

· Advanced dashboard design skills, including 2+ years of experience with a dashboard toolset (Tableau, Qlik, Domo, Birst, etc).

· 2+ years of data analysis experience.

· Excellent communication and presentation ability.

· Excellent project management skills.

· Highly self-motivated.

Preferred Qualifications

· MS in a Data-related field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, etc).

· Expert-level SQL skills

· Expert-level Tableau skills.

· Advanced R skills.

· Healthcare (ideally pharma) experience.

·Minimal travel is required (",2.5,"United BioSource
2.5","Blue Bell, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Other Organization,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
162,Data Science Software Engineer,"$65k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Schneider organization is seeking an experienced Data Science Software Engineer to be responsible for the creation of tools and applications that enable complex Advanced Analytics solutions within the enterprise. You will create conceptual prototypes to test new concepts, develop advanced analytics systems to solve challenging business problems, and deploy these tools and systems into the business and monitor their effectiveness and usefulness. You will also research the use of purchased and open-source technologies and concepts that support the creation of tools and systems for use by technical and non-technical users.

About the role:
Provide expert technical guidance in project working groups. Will frequently be asked to lead technical project discussions.
Gather requirements, design, develop, test, implement, and support applications developed across various development environments and in various languages.
Work with the Engineering team to develop and apply heuristics and mathematical concepts, such as natural language processing (NLP), simulation, optimization, machine learning, and statistical models to business problems. Develops state-of-the-art advanced analytics solutions for complex business problems.
Create prototype applications for complex solutions to implement approved concepts, actively guides and monitors the prototype when deployed to key users, transitions the prototype into a production system and provides production-support after implementation.
Follow appropriate development methodologies while developing applications.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Our ideal candidate will have:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field, plus a minimum of 5 years of IT work experience in systems analysis, designing, programming, system admin, implementation and maintenance of applications within an application domain; or the equivalent.
Advanced knowledge of advanced analytics software technologies, technical design, programming, monitoring, and troubleshooting enabling software related technologies. Knowledgeable of advanced analytics strategies, architectural standards and best practices.
Two or more years of experience with two or more programming languages from the following list required: Java, Python, JavaScript, C++, Ruby, C#, Objective-C or R.
Advanced experience with Python or Java specifically.
Experience with any data science tools such as R, SAS, or SPSS a plus. Experience with the HDFS/YARN/Spark and related tools a plus.
Experience with mathematical modeling languages (DOcplex/CPLEX, Matlab, GAMS) a plus.
Experience developing applications in a Linux server environment preferred.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.

Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com/.
Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
163,"Data Scientist, Cloud Business Operations","$111k-$176k
(Glassdoor Est.)","53303

About NetApp

NetApp provides software, systems, and services to manage, store and share data via on-premises, and private and public clouds to customers worldwide. NetApp is emerging as a leader in providing public cloud services on all major cloud platforms, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft , and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). These cloud services, such as Cloud Volumes; Cloud Insights, Virtual Desktop Service, Global File Cache, SaaS backup, and Spot, avails customers to consider many more options on how and where to manage their critical workloads and data for optimal business and financial outcomes. The NetApp Public Cloud Services business unit is at the forefront of our effort to transform NetApp into a leader in the cloud market.
Job Summary
About the Position

This Cloud Business Operations Data Scientist will be the primary go to person for all of NetApp Public Cloud Services needs for analyzing tons of cloud services usage and billing data to derive intelligent business insights for enabling NetApp’s highest growth business. This person will be an expert in both understanding the data, as well as architecting and developing business logic and code to deliver automation in business intelligence. This is a highly technical role with deep understanding of Azure programming, R, SQL databases, visualization on Tableau, and scripting, along with years of experience in cloud services business operations. Knowledge of public cloud-based transactions on the top 3 cloud provider marketplaces (AWS, Azure and GCP) is a must, along with experience and understanding of integrations with internal systems for CRM, CPQ, Subscriptions Billing and Finance.

This role will coordinate with product management, IT and operations, and other NetApp functions including sales, marketing, and finance to understand, analyze and improve product pricing, SKU design, and transaction processing of our existing cloud offerings and upcoming innovations. This role will also act as the primary operations liaison between product management teams and business operations. The right person for this role has deep understanding of public cloud marketplace transaction processing, billing, metering, and revenue/usage reporting. This person also has extensive experience in dealing with cross-functional business requirements and engaging with key stakeholders at both the executive/VP level and with delivery teams.
Job Requirements
Key Responsibilities
Analyze usage and billing data from multiple sources to derive business intelligence
Develop business logic and write code to automate BI output
Design and develop visualization dashboards in Tableau
Understand public cloud marketplace transaction processes and provide guidance to business operations teams on implementation best practices
Leverage business insights to provide guidance to product management for pricing and transaction processing design
Skills and Qualifications
10+ years of experience working with various cloud providers, software vendors and/or consulting organizations
5+ years of experience in data analysis and business insights
5+ years of experience in Azure programming, R, SQL databases and Tableau
Understanding of enterprise cloud solutions and related technical offerings
Collaborative personality; comfortable working across many functions and teams, and engaging with senior executives
A creative go-getter who is full of ideas and can execute on those ideas in a fast-paced, demanding environment with excellent interpersonal and social skills
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.
Travel Required

20% (includes domestic and int.)
Education
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.

Nearest Major Market: San Jose
Nearest Secondary Market: Palo Alto
Job Segment:
Operations Manager, Scientific, Database, Cloud, Operations, Engineering, Technology

Apply now »",3.8,"NetApp
3.8","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1992,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
164,Data Engineer,"$65k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer

Alignment Healthcare was founded with a mission to revolutionize health care with a serving heart culture. Through its unique integrated care delivery models, deep physician partnerships and use of proprietary technologies, Alignment is committed to transforming health care one person at a time.

By becoming a part of the Alignment Healthcare team, you will provide members with the quality of care they truly need and deserve. We believe that great work comes from people who are inspired to be their best. We have built a team of talented and experienced people who are passionate about transforming the lives of the seniors we serve. In this fast-growing company, you will find ample room for growth and innovation alongside the Alignment community.

Position Summary:
Alignment Healthcare is a data and technology driven healthcare company focused partnering with health systems, health plans and provider groups to provide care delivery that is preventive, convenient, coordinated, and that results in improved clinical outcomes for seniors.

We are experiencing rapid growth (backed by top private equity firms), our Data Services and BI team is looking for the best and brightest leaders. Data drives the way we make decisions. We love our customers and understanding them better makes it possible to provide the best clinical outcome and care experience.

This position will play a key role in building and operating a cloud-based data platform and its pipelines using big data technologies.

As a Data Engineer, you will develop a new data engineering platform that leverage a new cloud architecture, and will extend or migrate our existing data pipelines to this architecture as needed. You will also be assisting with integrating the SQL data warehouse platform as our primary processing platform to create the curated enterprise data model for the company to leverage. You will be part of a team building the next generation data platform and to drive the adoption of new technologies and new practices in existing implementations. You will be responsible for designing and implementing the complex ETL pipelines in cloud data platform and other solutions to support the rapidly growing and dynamic business demand for data, and use it to deliver the data as service which will have an immediate influence on day-to-day decision making.

General Duties/Responsibilities:

(May include but are not limited to)
Interfacing with business customers, gathering requirements and developing new datasets in data platform
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Identifying the data quality issues to address them immediately to provide great user experience
Extracting and combining data from various heterogeneous data sources
Designing, implementing and supporting a platform that can provide ad-hoc access to large datasets
Modelling data and metadata to support machine learning and AI
Minimum Requirements:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Minimum Experience:
3+ years relevant experience in cloud based data engineering.
Demonstrated ability in data modeling, ETL development, EDI Development and data warehousing.
Data Warehousing Experience with SQL Server, Oracle, Redshift, Teradata, etc.
Experience with Big Data Technologies (NoSQL databases, Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Pig, Spark, Elasticsearch etc.)
Experience in using Python, .net, Java and/or other data engineering languages
Knowledge and experience of SQL Server and SSIS.
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions
Education/Licensure:
Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field
Other:
Excellent communication, analytical and collaborative problem-solving skills
Requires Spark and Scala
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Preferred
Healthcare domain and data experience
Healthcare EDI experience is a plus
API development experience is a plus
Industry experience as a Data Engineer or related specialty (e.g., Software Engineer, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Scientist) with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets.
Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets
Experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple sources
Experience leading large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects, including using Azure or AWS technologies – SQL Server, Redshift, S3, EC2, Data-pipeline, Data Lake, Data Factory and other big data technologies
Experience providing technical leadership and mentor other engineers for the best practices on the data engineering space
Linux/UNIX including to process large data sets.
Experience with Azure, AWS or GCP is a plus
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in an agile, dynamic startup environment
Problem solving skills and Ability to meet deadlines are a must
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Python and Java are a plus,
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions preferred
Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Essential Physical Functions:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee regularly is required to stand, walk, sit, use hand to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; and reach with hands and arms.
The employee frequently lifts and/or moves up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and the ability to adjust focus.
Alignment Healthcare, LLC is proud to practice Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action. We are looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment: Minority/Female/Disable/Protected Veteran.
If you require any reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) in completing the online application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please contact careers@ahcusa.com.
(function() { var ac = document.createElement('script'); ac.type = 'text/javascript'; ac.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://' : 'http://') + 'click.appcast.io/pixels/grpeople1-1573.js?ent=8&t=' + new Date().getTime(); var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ac, s); })();",3.5,"Alignment Healthcare
3.5","Orange, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
165,Senior Bioinformataics Scientist OB/Gyn Research,"$224k-$446k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Bioinformatics Scientist OB/GYN Research Needed!

This is a unique opportunity to conduct bioinformatic analysis on research projects for Inova, the region’s leading non-profit healthcare provider in the Northern Virginia area recognized in 2019 by U.S. News & World Report.

Position Highlights:
• Recognized leader: 923-bed nationally recognized regional medical center.
• Team Member centric: We create an environment or respect and growth, where contributions are recognized and rewarded.

What You Will Do:
• Conduct bioinformatic analysis on research projects.
• Develop new analytic approaches to complex human diseases, such as cancer, diabetes and heart disease.
What You Will Need:
• Candidates for this position will have an MD, Ph.D. or Master’s in Computer Science, Bioinformatics or related field.
• Experience working with large scale biomedical data and hands on experience developing software or information systems to manage and analyze biomedical data.
• PREFERRED: Hands-on experience working with Next and Third generation sequence data, proteomic data and microarray data from a tremendous breadth of clinical areas to gain new insights into human disease.
• Ability to interact with team members for project coordination
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Strong software development skills
• Experience working with terabytes of translational biomedical data
• Strong informatics skills to include the use of programming and/or scripting languages such as Python, Perl, java, C/C++, and R.
• A Strong knowledge base of bioinformatics principles

M/F/Vets/Disabled

#LI-MT1
IND2
#LI-BQ1

IND2
#LI-KD1

Requirements

MD, PhD or Masters in Computer science, Bioinformatics or related field.

At Inova, safety is the foundation of everything we do. You’re always safe at Inova.

Our commitment to quality starts with the safety of our team members. We safeguard our patients, by safeguarding our employees.

Our commitment to keeping patients safe, means there’s no safer place for you to work.

 Inova is well stocked with the best and latest PPE

 Masks are provided to patients entering our buildings, and offered free to visitors

 Covid-19 patients are isolated in dedicated areas

 Inova operates curbside Covid-19 testing sites that are far removed from the main facilities

 All team members are trained in the latest screening guidelines

Work Site Location

INOVA FAIRFAX MEDICAL CAMPUS",3.5,"Inova Health System
3.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1956,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
166,Computer Scientist – Machine Learning,"$97k-$169k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The Research & Development centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.

MITRE is seeking an early career Computer Scientist to apply machine learning / deep learning, computer vision and cognitive science to solve some of the world’s most challenging problems. Our Data Engineering and Biometrics team provide MITRE-unique solutions across multiple sponsors. We are a driving force investigating, developing and defining multiple research initiatives in collaboration with academia, industry and our sponsors.

Responsibilities include:
Work in innovation and research initiatives related to machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics in combination with cybersecurity, data engineering and social science
Advance the Department domain knowledge and capabilities that align with strategic/significant sponsor needs and challenges including but not limited to: Adversarial information scenarios, Defining, detecting and measuring information trust, bias/fairness in decision, models and algorithms, Biometric authentication, detecting biometric or identity fraud, anti-spoofing, Defining, detecting and measuring bias in datasets and information, Information security and privacy, Data generation, Data impacting quality of decision
Contribute to the technical work program of one or more projects and produce quality products focused on successful sponsor outcomes
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Cybersecurity, or related field
At least 1 year of professional experience
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to possess and maintain a Secret DoD clearance and DHS fitness
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Demonstrated proficiency using tools such as: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, Theano, PyTorch, dlib, C/C++, Python, JSON, XML, SQL, NoSQL, DBMS, ETL
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in related field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active US Government Secret clearance are preferred
2+ years’ work experience should include: machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science
Documented success working in the fields of: cybersecurity, data engineering, social science, mobile computing, computer networking, virtualization, cloud computing, and big data
MITRE’s workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. For more information please visit https://www.mitre.org/careers/working-at-mitre. U.S Citizenship is required for most positions.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
167,Machine Learning Engineer,"$118k-$201k
(Glassdoor Est.)","With the continued impact of COVID-19 and social distancing measures, Kensho is conducting all interviews and on-boarding activities remotely. At the present time, all employees are working remotely, until further notice. When the time comes to open our offices, Kensho will fully support those employees who would like to continue working remotely and not ask anyone to return to the office until they are comfortable.

At Kensho, we hire talented people and give them the freedom, support, and resources needed to build cutting edge technology and products for our parent company, S&P Global. As a result, we produce technology that is scalable, robust, and solves the challenges of one of the world’s largest, most successful financial institutions.

As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be responsible for tackling a wide range of problems from natural language processing to timeseries prediction. You will move beyond the theoretical confines of academia and apply your tradecraft to build machine learning systems on real world data. In this role, you will constantly collaborate and work with groups of engineers. Our Machine Learning team is responsible for delivering ML-based solutions from problem framing, to prototyping, and production application.
Are you looking to make impactful, scalable contributions that transform the way we think about data? If so, we would love to help you excel here at Kensho. We take pride in our tightly-knit, team-based community that provides our Kenshins with a collaborative, supportive environment to bring transparency to the biggest challenges in data.
What You’ll Do
You will conduct original research on large proprietary and open source data sets
Identify, research, prototype, and build predictive products
You will build cutting-edge models for understanding vast amounts of textual data
Write production code
You will write tests to ensure the robustness and reliability of your productionized models
You will work closely with software engineers to build incredible systems
Technologies You’ll Use
Python and specifically NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, SciKit-learn
Neural network packages like TensorFlow/Keras and pytorch
ML packages like LightGBM and XGBoost
OpenFST
Elasticsearch
Required Skills, Knowledge & Experience
You have 3+ years of experience being a major machine learning contributor at a top company, hedge fund, or university
You have at least one core programming expertise, such as Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas), MATLAB, or R
You have experience with advanced machine learning methods
You possess strong statistical knowledge, intuition, and experience modeling real data
You demonstrate effective coding, documentation, and communication habits
You have a strong research acumen and experiment design skills
You have the ability and credibility to lead a team
You have a stellar ability to communicate even the most complicated methods and results to a broad, often non-technical audience
Several of the following terms should hold deep meaning for you: LSTM, lookahead bias, bagging, boosting, stacking, information retrieval, batch norm, entity recognition, bootstrapping, Glorot initialization, Kullback-Leibler divergence, GLOVE, SMAPE, HMM, MAP, exponential family, VC dimension, EM, L1, TD(Lambda)
How to Really Get Our Attention
Your GitHub/Kaggle profile shows a project or problems you’ve tackled
You have relevant research or publications
You are a specialist in deep learning in an academic setting or production-grade machine learning


At Kensho, we pride ourselves on providing top-of-market benefits, including:
- Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance
- 100% company paid premiums
- Unlimited Paid Time Off
- 18 weeks of 100% paid Parental Leave (paternity and maternity)
- 401(k) plan with 6% employer matching
- Generous company matching on donations to non-profit charities
- Up to $20,000 tuition assistance toward degree programs, plus up to $4,000/year for ongoing professional education such as industry conferences
- Plentiful snacks, drinks, and regularly catered lunches
- Dog-friendly office (CAM office)
- In-office gyms and showers (CAM, DC) or Equinox membership (LA, NYC)
- Stipend towards commuter or gym reimbursement
- Bike sharing program memberships
- Compassion leave and elder care leave
- Mentoring and additional learning opportunities
- Opportunity to expand professional network and participate in conferences and events
About Kensho
Kensho uses machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and data visualization techniques to solve some of the hardest analytical problems and create breakthrough financial intelligence solutions for our parent company, S&P Global.
Kensho was founded in 2013 by Harvard & MIT alums and was acquired by S&P Global in 2018. Kensho continues to operate as a startup in order to maintain our distinct, independent brand and to promote our breakthrough, innovative culture. Our team of Kenshins enjoy a dynamic and collaborative work environment that runs autonomously from S&P, while leveraging the unparalleled breadth and depth of data and resources available as part of S&P Global. As Kenshins, we pride ourselves on maintaining an innovative culture that depends on diversity and inclusion.
We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes future Kenshins with all experiences and perspectives. Kensho is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with offices in New York City, Washington D.C. and Los Angeles. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.1,"Kensho
4.1","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
168,Data Analyst II,"$53k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who is Cenlar?

You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst II.

Job Summary:

Responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external data) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies. Identifies and compiles data sets using a variety of tools (e.g. SQL, Access) to help predict, improve, and measure the success of key business to business outcomes. Responsible for documenting data requirements, data collection/processing/cleaning, and exploratory data analysis; which may include utilizing statistical models/algorithms and data visualization techniques. Incumbents in this role may often be referred to as Data Scientists.

Responsibilities:
Day-to-day actions are focused on administering defined procedures, analysis and report preparation.
Commands knowledge of data elements across the enterprise and industry – definitions, lineage and usage
Executes creation of tabular operational reports and aggregation reports with medium to high complexity.
Commands intermediate to expert level t-SQL coding proficiency
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Responsible for documenting metadata, data lineage, data definitions and business glossary entries.
Handles basic data transformation tasks such as date and decimal formatting, rounding of numeric values, and conversion of numeric values to percentages.
Has intermediate to expert level SSIS ETL build proficiency
Works with Data stewards to enforce adherence to standards for enhancements and new repositories.
Handles more complicated report requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing (e.g. Fibonacci or similar) and trend analysis.
Can deduce portfolio or market trends from reports or chart analysis.
Understands business logic for aggregation and analysis services.
Can perform data transformation and can produce dimensional reports
Can perform basic data profiling activities, understands cardinality
Helps to define guidelines for data management, governance and reporting
May direct day-to-day work of employees, but will not typically have formal management role.
Individual at this level is expected to use some independence of thought but to refer more complex problems to supervisors or other experts.
Individual would be expected to contribute to work flow or process change and redesign and to form a strong basic understanding of the specific product or process.
Qualifications:
Typically exhibits strong executional capabilities and is beginning to take on more responsibility.
Primary focus is on execution within defined parameters, with some expansion based on developing capabilities and or experiences. In partnership with more experienced staff.
Minimum of 5 years of experience.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, finance, mathematics, statistics (or similar) or equivalent work experience
Total Rewards:

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online.",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Ewing, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
169,Sr. Data Engineer - Cloud Services,-1,"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out the Data and Analytics Practice. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Sr. Data Cloud Consultant:

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining cloud-native data lakes
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Familiarity with open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, Keras, or TensorFlow.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Understanding of relational database internals
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.9,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
170,Data Analyst,"$34k-$64k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At TrialCard, our passion is success - success for clients, success for us. You’ll notice who comes first. We’re committed to providing solutions, through innovation and unparalleled customer support, to the pharmaceutical industry to improve access and affordability of their medicines to patients. We work tirelessly on the behalf of our clients, because when they succeed, so do we.
The Data Analyst will support internal stakeholders through the aggregation of data for reporting and analytical purposes. The candidate must have the ability to manipulate and normalize data in a way that helps support accurate reporting and foster operational standardization. The Data Analyst will also work cross-functionally to gather and translate requirements across business units creating synergies and developing efficiencies.
The candidate must be an excellent communicator (both orally and written) and be able to effectively foster interactive collaboration and discussions among clients and internal TrialCard teams. The Data Analyst must be able to present analyses and conclusions in a logical and clear manner and must be able to effectively work as part of a team.

Assists program managers with ad-hoc and standardized reports through data manipulation and raw data extracts.
Works directly with business users and decision-makers to gather and document requirements and define scope to ensure accurate development of reporting solutions.
Works primarily within SQL, Excel, and MicroStrategy platforms for data manipulation.
Performs continuous audits to ensure standard, consistent, and quality master data in catering systems is valid and correct.
Supports and maintains current Quality Assurance Program to ensure continued effectiveness within the department.
Identifies additional data, reporting and analytic opportunities to support our pharmaceutical clients and scope work necessary to fulfill them.
Maintains master data lists through additions and revisions when identified by the business users.
Performs and documents procedures for data preparation including data cleaning, standardization and analysis.
Develops and maintains operational dashboards for key decision-makers.
Standardizes and cleanses raw data using predefined rules as well as establishing new rules as needed.
Translates business requirements into reporting requirements/mock-ups for BI and MicroStrategy teams.

Bachelor’s degree in Math, Statistics, Economics, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or similar discipline.
Must have 2+ years of related data-management, analytics, or business intelligence experience.
Solid technical writing skills; ability to clearly and completely articulate work to be done and describe tasks using proper terminology.
Experience interpreting data and presenting meaningful, client-ready business insights.
Demonstrated application of analytical skills.
Mid-level proficiency in SQL programming and common query optimization techniques for data extraction.
Advanced Excel and/or Access skills. (e.g., VLOOKUP, SUMIF, Macros)
Understanding of dimensional data modeling concepts, as well as data warehousing design highly desirable.
Experience designing and implementing enterprise business intelligence solutions using Microstrategy, Microsoft SSRS or similar highly desirable.
Knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry highly desirable.
Knowledge of direct marketing highly desirable.
Experience in the healthcare industry is highly desirable.",3.1,"TrialCard
3.1","Morrisville, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
171,Principal Data Scientist,-1,"You will integrate disparate EHR, clinical, claims, and other medical data sources, extracting consistent information across ontologies, and deriving insights from disparate data sources to allow experts to rapidly understand the meaning, applicability, and extensibility of results from observational and randomized clinical experimentation. You will build ML tools for anomaly-tracking to enable rapid, more effective clinical trialing and the integration of data sources throughout the life sciences. You will model the trajectory of disease across patient populations to identify key opportunities and indications and to rapidly test and develop candidate medicines.
You will map and optimize the complex interrelationships of pharma companies, drug manufacturers, pharmacy benefit managers, payors, and patients to drive EQRx’s strategy to dramatically lower drug prices while promoting equity and access. You will use novel computational techniques to design, refine, and select novel drug candidates. Using the tools of modern data science and machine learning, you will help to build a data driven, end-to-end digital native life sciences company, enabling our core mission of rapid, equal, and equitable access to medicines.
The Impact You'll Have
You will help to radically lower drug prices and expand access, by identifying novel opportunities for partnerships and delivery across the complex web of interrelationships that bring drugs from pharma companies to patients. You will speed the development and trialing of novel medicines through the unification, comprehension, and modelling of human health and disease across data sources. You will drive the adoption of machine learning for the improvement of human health in building a radically different, digital-native and data-first life sciences company, where we bootstrap our way to rapid increases in scale and efficacy across functions. You will enable experts across EQRx to see further, connecting data from biology and chemistry, to the clinic and patients, to drug pricing and delivery, powering a novel, modern paradigm in drug development.
Your Superpowers
You have 5+ years of experience in data science in the life science/healthcare industry.
You have a PhD (preferred) or Masters (with 3+ additional years exp) in a quantitative scientific field such as physics, computational biology, chemistry, engineering, etc.
You are fluent in python (strongly preferred) or R and cloud native data science.
You thrive working with messy and complex data, understanding key nuances behind its generation and able to model them with quantitative and machine learning tools to achieve understanding.
You are an excellent communicator, able to translate complex analyses into insightful visuals and presentations for audiences with a wide range of technical backgrounds.
You are empathetic with end users; proficient at turning business and scientific questions into testable, clean, and reproducible data scientific workflows.
You have a quick, flexible mind, able to rapidly learn new fields and use data science and machine learning to improve decision making and workflows.
You are an avid reader of the literature; excited to try novel tools and techniques to solve problems.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
172,Machine Learning Engineer,"$65k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description
This role will be part of our Applied Data Team and will be responsible for providing Machine Learning Engineering support.
Tasks & responsibilities required of this role include but are not limited to:
Construct machine learning models including data collection, normalization, and standardization, data pipeline construction, model selection and hyperparameter tuning, working ml systems that can add new data into ml model.
Create apps to present ml models and host them in the cloud or locally.
Create pipelines to query and retrieve and update data for existing applications to keep them updated
Supervise the scaling and management of the machine learning modeling ecosystem
Find orthogonal data sets to supplement models and increase alpha
Stay abreast of new technology and machine learning methodologies and implement them into the model building architecture
Work alongside (re)insurance domain experts to improve predictive aspects of their lines of business
Requirements:
3+ years of demonstrative excellence in building, scaling, and productizing machine learning models
Experience working with sparse, high dimensional, and time series data
Python ml stack
Experience dealing with imbalanced classes
Deep Learning Architectures
ML Optimization Techniques
Cloud Services: Azure, AWS, Google Cloud
Distributed systems: Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark
Databricks
Ensemble Stacking and Meta Learners
Classification and Regression Metrics
Regularization Methods
Version Control
Quant trading experience welcome but not required
Kaggle ranking of expert or higher a plus",3.5,"TransRe
3.5","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
173,SQL Data Analyst,"Employer Provided Salary:
$45k-$53k","Job Description
Company: Palm Beach Accountable Care Organization
Job Title: SQL Data Analyst
Department: Information Technology
Reports To: CIO
FLSA Status: Exempt
Prepared Date: 1/2/2020
DISCLAIMER:
Job descriptions are not meant to be all-inclusive and/or the job itself is subject to change. Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform ETL duties to move data from raw format for use by multiple departments
Apply knowledge of data, data structure and analytical tools to research or identify trends, expenditures, and utilization of healthcare providers/practices.
Respond to requests for data by determining user’s needs, collecting, organizing, and analyzing data, and providing accurate and complete reports and information.
Assist other analysts to perform financial analysis of facilities, practices, provider services, and utilization.
Work with other analysts to perform a variety of ad-hoc analysis and assessments or initiatives as requested.
Identify, develop and implement methods for improving reporting efficiency for department.
Perform checks and audits of various data sources to ensure data adheres to data governance and maintenance policies.
Maintain and apply knowledge of current trends, practices and developments in health care.
Educate and assist in problem solving to promote the implementation of the health care initiatives and research.
Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, procedures, and programs within technology field.
Contributes in the data integrity, governance, and data structure standards and policies.
Collects, compiles and analyzes data to measure and report on provider and program performance.
Must abide to all HIPAA, Confidentiality and Privacy laws.
Other duties as assigned within the scope of responsibilities and requirements of the job; not limited by this job description.
Supervisory Responsibilities:
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.
Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Analytical and advanced problem solving strategies.
Working knowledge of industry coding (revenue codes, ICD9/ICD10/ICD11 classifications, CPT codes)
of data, data objects, data structure, and industry standards.
Minimum level computer skills in a Microsoft Office environment: Advanced.
Strong skills in SQL, Microsoft Excel, or other comparable software tools.
Programming languages preferred, notably C#
Experience with ETL process management and data engineering
Strong internet research capabilities.
Bi- or Multi- lingual skills (written and verbal): A Plus.
High attention to detail
SQL Server / SSRS / Other Analytics Software
Report Writing
Problem Solving
Systems/Workflows/General IT
People Skills
Assertive / Reliable
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions.
Safety and Security - Uses equipment and materials properly.
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time.
Knowledge of legal and ethical consideration related to patient information.
Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience:
Required: Bachelor's degree in statistics, engineering, computer science and 1-3 years of experience in the field or in a related area.
Preferred: Master’s degree in a related area
Language Skills:
Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations to visitors, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Reasoning Ability:
Ability to think critically and objectively and unbiased. Quickly learn/adapt to healthcare industry standards, codes, data, and business practices.
Computer Skills:
MS Office Productivity Tools (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Internet, SQL & Data Objects, various report writing tools. Programming skills preferred in C# or other related languages.
Other Skills and Abilities:
High accuracy and extreme confidentiality a MUST. Highly detail-oriented and must possess a very high degree of organization.
Physical Demands:
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee will have a combination of standing, sitting, bending and reaching. May work at a computer monitors for prolonged periods. The employee may lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.",3.8,"Palm Beach ACO, LLC
3.8","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
174,Sr. Data Engineer,"$97k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team of Data Consultants and work on dynamic long-term projects. The majority of our team members are long-term employees who enjoy consistent work and a collaborative team approach!
Background in computer science and comfortable in programming in a variety of languages, including Java, Python, Scala;
Determining the appropriate software packages or modules to run, and how easily they can be modified;
Handling large scale structured and unstructured data from internal and third-party sources;
Architecting highly scalable distributed data pipelines using open source tools and big data technologies such as Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Presto, Spark, Drill, Sqoop and ETL frameworks;
Utilizing Linux shell scripting and containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes); and,
Leading teams in a dynamic work environment while managing stakeholder expectations and scope.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree, preferably in technology related disciplines.
Cloud computing platforms such as Azure, AWS, and GCP;
Relational databases and writing SQL queries, evaluating their performance
Strong experience with data processing software in Azure, AWS and GCP
Or Big data machine learning toolkits such as SparkML, messaging systems (Kafka) and NoSQL databases (Cassandra, HBase, MongoDB) desirable
Building data lakes and data pipelines that adhere to our engineering philosophy
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8","Indianapolis, IN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
175,Lead Data Scientist,"$102k-$166k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary
Tranzact is hiring a lead data scientist to assist our team in driving our data science and analytics group forward. You’ll be joining a group of curious, smart, technically minded yet business savvy data scientists looking to make a difference to the company by further designing and building out our data decisioning capabilities. We have been up and running for several years and our team must grow to meet the demands of our business partners—they see the value we have provided and want more.

The Lead Data Scientist is passionate about using data and insights to drive business strategy and develop data products. A successful candidate will manage data science projects including scoping, designing, and executing the vision with the help of more junior data scientists / analysts. They would also identify and prioritize initiatives to deliver value to our internal stakeholders. The ideal candidate would have experience managing data science projects, managing stakeholders, and working cross functionally. This person would have real world experience “in the data trenches” as a data scientist and be an all-star individual contributor. We expect this person to have a passion for driving projects for business outcomes, strong analytical skills, and a strong desire to make an impact in our growing data science practice!

What you’ll do:
Become the domain expert in multiple areas of the Tranzact business (i.e. retention, call center effectiveness, etc.) and contribute to the advancement of those area through thought leadership.
Lead new projects and initiatives through understanding business needs, executing, presenting and influencing stakeholders.
Be a technical leader on the team that can advise, mentor, and delegate tasks to more junior data scientists and analysts.
Facilitate data-driven decision making and prioritize initiatives.
Develop strong cross functional partnerships with business and technology stakeholders.
Act as a subject matter expert within the organization on all things data.
Find new and improved ways for us to use data in our products, operations, and business strategies.

What we do:
We achieve competitive advantage through data-driven marketing and full management of the customer experience. We’re constantly refining our technology and our strategies, that’s why we’re the industry leader in delivering the best results to the top insurance brands in America.

That’s not just lip service either, we’re consistently awarded partner of the year from brands like AFLAC, Humana, and more. Our work has also been featured on The Dr. Oz Show, Forbes, and Vox -- to name a few.

We want people who fit within our Be Real culture. We want a diversity of programmers and writers and designers and data scientists and strategists and more. We’re made up of introverts and extroverts, suits and rebels, corporate types and anti-corporate types. We’re an environment where every person feels their full potential is only limited by their ability to conceive of it and make it happen. Our company grew from entrepreneurial roots but has big company resources to get amazing things done.

What we’re looking for:
BA/BS in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, etc.)
5 years of experience in data science at a B2C or direct to consumer company (experience in marketing, business operations, or customer retention is a plus)
Experience implementing predictive and prescriptive models in production systems
Experience managing data science projects and mentoring data scientists / analysts
Proficiency with Python, SQL, Excel, and a data visualization tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc.)
Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines
Experience communicating strategy and results to different audiences
Ability to work cross functionally and influence others
A lifelong learner that is excited to learn new data science technologies and apply those to technologies to our business
Ability to be objective, follow the facts, cut through noise and create a story with data
Thrives in a fast-paced environment that is constantly changing
What’s in it for you:
Medical, dental, vision, paid time off/holidays, 401(k), and bonus opportunity
Frequent office events and outings
Employee development programs, conference and training reimbursement
Work remote flexibility
Joining a growing and exciting team making a big impact on the business!
EOE, including disability/vets",3.8,"TRANZACT
3.8","Fort Lee, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
176,Senior Data Modeler / Business Analyst,-1,"Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst
Location: Midtown Atlanta (remote during COVID)
Duration: 24month +

MUST HAVE
Business Analysis experience - capable of accurate requirements gathering and display excellent written communication skills.
Apache Hadoop environment
Exceptional SQL querying
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (Dimensional design, Entity Relationship diagrams)
Job Description
Seeking Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst The successful candidate must have solid data modeling and business analyst experience and must demonstrate an affinity for working with others to create successful Business Intelligence (BI) and Data Warehouse (DW) solutions. He/She must be an excellent communicator, both written and verbal, and have experience working with business areas to translate their business data needs and data questions into project requirements. He/she must also have an educational background in Data Analysis and Data Modeling as well as on the job experience as a data modeler.
This position provides the opportunity to be involved in new BI and DW solutions, such as Dashboards and Reports, and to work with many different business areas within the company. The candidate will participate in all phases of the BI/DW development life cycle and will independently and collaboratively write project/enhancement requirements and perform data modeling duties.
He/She will coordinate with technical BI/DW development staff through design, construction and implementation as a business area liaison, consultant and UAT tester.

Skills and Experience:
Required:
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (5+ years) on the following platforms:
Teradata and either Oracle or DB2
Experience in using data modeling techniques and tools (focused on Dimensional design), Entity Relationship diagrams, ERWIN, etc.
Exceptional SQL skills with ability to write complex queries
Experience in translating business requirements to SQL-based ETL
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Proficient testing skills unit, system and integration
Strong business analyst and requirements gathering/writing skills
Experience in developing according to SDLC and accustomed to working with technical documents (flowcharts, programming specifications, etc.)
Excellent verbal/written communication and presentation skills
Apache Hadoop ecosystem
Nice To Have (candidates will get preference)
Data Relational & Dimensional modeling on the following platforms:
Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MS Access
Knowledge of CA Erwin Data Modeler
Knowledge of DataStage development techniques
Knowledge of Unix/Linux platform and shell scripting
Experience with Teradata or Oracle/Exadata database performance tuning
Experience with ChangeMan MVS code versioning software
Experience with Zeke MVS/Zeke Agent Job scheduler
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite
Railroad knowledge and experience
Analyst Attitude Profile:
Self-starter, responsible, professional, accountable
A finisher, seeing a project or task through to completion in spite of challenges
Strong team ethic and customer-support focus
Ability to contribute knowledge by sharing business & technology skills with peers
Good troubleshooting and problem-solving skills and instincts
Education
Bachelors Degree preferred. Preferably in Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or related field

#aptonetjobs",5.0,"Aptonet Inc
5.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
177,Manufacturing Scientist,"$41k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Biomerica Corporation focusing on the research, development and manufacturing of immunoassay test products is looking to identify and hire a Manufacturing Scientist to lead Contract manufacturing project and production and process improvement . As a key member of the Manufacturing Team, the Manufacturing Scientist will report to Director of Manufacturing and be responsible for, but not limited to the following
Carry out production tasks in support of manufacturing goals and objectives
Lead and carry out contract manufacturing project.
Purify recombinant proteins using column chromatography system.
Perform antibody biotinylation and HRP conjugation
Perform Lyophilization for biological compounds
Compound complex ELISA reagents and perform ELISA assay
Lead and conduct NCMR or CAPA investigation for manufacturing processes.
Write validation protocol and execute process and equipment validation
Maintain records and notebooks in a neat, thorough and accurate manner. Perform required data entry on company planning and materials management system.
Initiate or update manufacturing document and procedures as needed.
Operate moderately complex laboratory equipment and perform routine equipment calibrations and maintenance.
Follow all safety guidelines, manufacturing policies and procedures. Operate under strict QSR and ISO compliance.
Provide guidance and training to Production Associate.
Other duties as assigned, according to the changing needs of the business
Job Requirements: *
BS or MS degree in Chemistry or Biochemistry with minimum 5 years work experience, or Ph.D degree with minimum 2 years experience in related field, basic computer skills (Word, Excel).
A self-motivated individual with prior in experience and hands on skills in the following areas: protein purification; antibody conjugate; lyophilization and ELISA assay
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 2 years (Preferred)",2.3,"Biomerica
2.3","Irvine, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
178,Air Compliance Staff Engineer or Scientist,"$43k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","SCS Engineers is an employee-owned environmental consulting and contracting firm that designs and implements sustainable environmental solutions. We just celebrated our 50th anniversary as a company on April 1, 2020! Our core capabilities are: solid and hazardous waste management, landfill gas, environmental due-diligence and assessment, brownfields redevelopment , site remediation, renewable energy, and regulatory compliance for businesses and municipalities responsible for protecting our air, water, and soil. Our employees take pride in their work, and together, we have the singular vision to be the environmental firm of choice for clients and our employee owners. If you thrive in a friendly, collaborative company and desire dynamic and challenging work among a team of innovative individuals, then SCS is the place for you. Are you up for the challenge?

Job Summary

To support our ongoing environmental consulting business efforts, SCS Engineers is looking for an air compliance specialist to become a long-term asset to our growing practice in California. This individual will be required to complete technical work, manage and maintain contact with clients, and manage the schedule and work product performed consistent within SCSs quality control standards. We prefer this person to be based in Long Beach, but are open to them being based in another SCS California office.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Air quality permitting and compliance; greenhouse gas emissions compliance; general regulatory compliance; various permitting for solid waste and industrial facility projects
Technical work may include completing calculations, reviewing compliance issues, preparing permitting documentation, reviewing data, research, and report writing as well as related services.
Work may also include in field activities, such as field meetings on engineering-related issues, oversight of construction activities, collection of samples, site inspections, etc.
Client interaction and preparation of proposals will be required on an as needed basis
Occasional travel may be required.
Qualifications
Bachelors of Science Degree or higher in Environmental, Chemical, or Civil Engineering, or other Science degree required
2 to 5 years of related experience in Air Quality and/or related disciplines required
Engineer-in-Training (EIT) preferred for engineering candidates
Demonstrated knowledge in Air Compliance required
Strong communication skills, oral and written (technical)
Valid drivers license with a driving record in good standing required
MS Office software, with particular demonstrated skills in MS Excel; AutoCAD and/or GIS expertise would be a plus
At SCS, you will have an opportunity to contribute to our strategic direction, help us continue to grow, and provide our clients with responsive, innovative, high quality client service. We offer excellent opportunities for career advancement and a competitive compensation package, including: medical, dental, vision, 401K, ESOP, Student Debt Employer Contribution Program, paid holidays and PTO.

SCS Engineers is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). SCS provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran or disabled status.

If you have questions, difficulty using our online system and/or you need an accommodation due to a disability then please contact us about your interest in employment at recruiting@scsengineers.com.",4.1,"SCS Engineers
4.1","Long Beach, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
179,Senior Data Scientist 4 Artificial Intelligence,"$74k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311095

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as natural language processing, remote-sensing and geo-spatial intelligence, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 7 years of experience, Masters with 5 years of experience or PHD with 3 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
180,Sr. Data Engineer,"$78k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer*
Excella is a leading provider of Agile software development and data and analytics solutions to clients in the federal, commercial and non-profit sectors. We believe that great work leads to great things –- our experts measure success by the positive impact we make on our clients, community, and colleagues. We are growing fast and need passionate, innovative people who love working with technology and are ready to make an impact.

Here's what you can expect from us:
You'll work with great people who love what they do: our team includes published authors, certified trainers, and internationally renowned speakers.
We have a ""bring your own device"" workplace and will share the cost of a new computer of your choice -- Mac or PC. It's up to you.
We'll invest in your career by providing 3 days of paid professional development every year, including travel and registration fees to attend classes and conferences, in addition to tuition assistance for degrees and certifications.
Starting day one, every employee is bonus eligible and receives 15 days of paid vacation, 6 federal holidays, and 4 floating holidays.
You can bike, drive, or metro to work -- our commute reimbursement plan has you covered.
You'll have fun! We hold monthly social events all year long, including a summer event for you and your family.
_Excella is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law._
Overview*
The Data Engineer participates in the design and build of modern data products that comprise of raw data stores (data lakes) and cleansed data repositories, populated by batch or streaming data pipelines. The Data Engineer works with a team to create a robust, sustainable and flexible design and leads the technical delivery using Agile delivery frameworks like Scrum or Kanban.
Responsibilities *
Developing and managing data processes to ensure that data is available and usable
Creation and automation of data pipelines and platforms
Managing and monitoring data quality via automated testing frameworks (Data Driven Testing, TDD, etc.)
Working closely with Architects, Data Scientists, and DevOps to design, build, test, deliver, and maintain sustainable and highly scalable data solutions
Researching data acquisition and evaluating suitability
Integration of data management solutions into client environment
Actively managing risks to data and ensuring there is a data recovery plan
Building data repositories such as: data warehouses, data lakes, and operational data stores, etc.
Qualifications*
3+ years relevant professional work experience.
Experience and expertise in the following:
Creating robust and extensible data pipelines for production systems
Use of cloud platforms, preferably AWS
Creating secure, performant, and well-modeled data stores
Common analytical platform architectural patterns (Star Schema, data integration patterns, ABAC, data quality frameworks etc.)
Data lake design patterns and technology options (schema on read, metadata capture, search framework)
Use of scripting languages, preferably Python
Familiarity with NoSQL databases
Source code version control management using git
Project experience using the Scrum or Kanban framework.
Professionalism; to include written and oral communication – the ability to communicate collaboratively in front of a whiteboard. An ability to understand your audience and adjust your communication style to fit
Aptitude and desire for learning new technologies.
Technically savvy, entrepreneurial spirit who thrives in environments that reward self-initiative and resourcefulness.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $112,000.00 - $159,486.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
Until further notice, all positions with Excella will be working with our team and clients remotely. Most positions will be expected to work onsite in the DC Metro area when we have determined that it will be safe for our employees and clients to do so.

Experience:
Python: 3 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.excella.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.2,"Excella
4.2","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
181,Data Engineer,"$69k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Engineer will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture. The ideal candidate is experienced at data wrangling, enjoys data systems, and enjoys building things from the ground up. The data engineer will support the analytics teams at our client’s site by creating processes and programs to ingest the many unstructured files we receive, transform the data into a standard form and load it into the ecosystem. The right candidate will be excited with the prospect of optimizing and redesigning the client’s data architecture for the next set of data initiatives.
Use tools to build processes to extract, transform and load data from multiple sources
Assemble complex data sets that meet business requirements
Identify, design and implement processes to automate manual processes
Create structured datasets from unstructured data from multiple sources
Experience working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
QUALIFICATIONS
3-5 years of experience with SQL query language plus experience creating complex queries
3-5 years of experience with Hadoop; specifically, Hive, HiveQL and HDFS
3-5 years of experience building processes supporting ETL work
1-3 years of experience building and optimizing big data pipelines and data sets
1-3 years of experience with programming languages: Python, Scala, PySpark
Strong Analytical skills
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Information Systems or some other related field
OneMagnify powers business performance for its clients with actionable analytics, compelling marketing communications through brand strategy, and technology solutions for companies here and around the world. We think that’s pretty cool, making us an exciting place to work. But there is so much more to this employee-centric company. For example, it’s all the fun and important things we do—like our charitable giving team program, summer poker walks, quarterly cake day and, of course, the creative client solutions we deliver daily. It all stems from a culture of caring—for each other, our clients and the world around us.

OneMagnify is an equal opportunity employer.
OneMagnify is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.7,"OneMagnify
4.7","Dearborn, MI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1967,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
182,SAP Materials Master Data Analyst - Temp,"$58k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is a 6 month temporary assignment.

The Mizuho OSI Way

In 1978, we set out to change the way patients undergo surgery. As a Mizuho OSI customer, you can expect our commitment to the following…

We commit to your satisfaction. If you are dissatisfied, we will strive to make it right.

We do things the right way. We commit to hire people with competence, generosity and a caring attitude. We motivate our employees to use their individual strengths to provide creative solutions, changes, and innovations. We anticipate your needs through customer experiences, thus nurturing our relationships.

Collectively, this creates an environment that enables and inspires healthcare professionals to improve the lives of patients.

Dare to go further. Care to do more.

TOP REASONS TO JOIN THE MIZUHO OSI TEAM
Privately held company with a tradition of market leadership and best-in-class innovation
Fast-paced entrepreneurial culture focused on dramatically improving patient outcomes through personal empowerment
Emphasis on continuous improvement and celebration of our values of R.E.S.P.E.C.T. and the Mizuho Way.
Create innovative solutions designed and manufactured at our HQ in Northern California
POSITION OVERVIEW
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 1 to 2 full life cycle SAP implementations and have participated or have led roles in blueprint activities, creating SOP, work instructions and training users to maintenance and sustain the master data. In addition be a savvy self-directed and capable individual who’s accustomed to delivering time critical work products.
Bachelor's degree in business, and or in systems applications such as SAP Modules or equivalent work experience
Experience with full life cycle SAP implementations
Formal training or experience with ASAP implementation methodology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
We are looking for you, if you have the ability to:
Hold meetings on Material Master and Item Master Data Management.
Assist with refining Business Process Design for Item Material Master including tactical MDM process.
Coordinate with functional disciplines in OPS/SCM and their IT counterparts.
Identify MDM Classifications of data and assist with identifying local data attributes.
Assist with the MDM governance model, including documenting processes with identified data owners, master process owners and SAP module owners.
Assist with identifying KPIs to improve quality and productivity.
Assist with workflows within MDM tool.
Here is what you will do day-to-day
Analyze business process requirements, design a solution approach in close collaboration with business teams
Write functional specifications and advise business teams of feasible solution designs
Work with IT in unit test efforts and with business in regression test efforts
Deliver BPP and solution documentation for implemented solutions
Work with functional teams (SD, MM, PP, FICO, QM)
Application Configuration and Support
Support SAP modules to meet business needs.
Unit test SAP software applications, including customizations and interfaces
Application Analysis and Design
Assist SAP users analyze and identify business process requirements.
Develop SAP functional application designs and specifications, individually or collaboratively.
Work as a member of cross-functional teams and add value by providing a technical perspective.
Guide Application Developers by recommending ways to design and unit-test applications. (SAP - PLM)
Change Management and Support
Provide QA function by reviewing/testing developer’s work.
Guide users in integrated testing, conference room pilot activities and applications startup activities.
Facilitate the process of change by clarifying new procedures and training system users.
Project Management and Control
Manage small projects, with responsibility for the quality and timeliness of project deliverables
Direct project resources and/or recommend and create internal development procedures and methodologies.
Understand scope and planned estimates of undertaken activities and manage actual time relative to the planned estimates.
Problem Solving:
Plays a key role in the Order to Cash team in the full project lifecycle, from the business blueprint of the project to post support.
Works with business analysts, business SMEs and various process owners to analyze their requirements: prepare and participate in workshops, requirement documentation, functional specifications and configuration documentation.
Provides support for Data extraction, data cleansing and loading
Works closely with IT resources for non-standard SAP objects.
Supports the development of test scripts and provide process expertise during test execution.
Assists and supports training document creation.
Finalizes the MDM configuration element s and triggers and support the solution after implementation.
Understand, follow and support Mizuho OSI’s internal Quality System policies, procedures and work instructions including but not limited to applicable external regulations (21 Code of Federal Regulations Part 820 Quality System Regulations and applicable International Standards).
What you will need to be successful in this role:
A minimum of 5 years of SAP process and configuration experience in Sales & Distribution, Materials Management, Production Planning and Quality Management modules and MDM.
Experience in at least 2 full life cycle implementations of SAP.
Experience in supporting all phases of SAP project life cycle including blueprint, design, build, test, deployment and support.
Experience in developing blueprint documentation, functional designs, test plans and scenarios as well as executing the tests.
Experience in and data validations during testing and implementation
Strong knowledge/experience in 1 additional SAP module is a must.
Experience with integration testing and implementation.
Thorough business understanding of Supply Chain processes.
Familiarity with SAP architecture.
Strong verbal and written communications skills, with an ability to express complex business concepts in technical terms.
Strong analytical, problem solving, and conceptual skills.
Strong interpersonal skills; ability to work well on cross functional project teams.
Experience in the construction and distribution industry.
What you need to be prepared for:

The physical demands are representative of those needed to perform the essential functions of the job in an office environment. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

NOTE: This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties or functions to be performed by the incumbent. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties/functions requested by their supervisor.",3.7,"Mizuho OSI
3.7","Union City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
183,Data Engineer,"$60k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Lucid Perspectives, and E/3 Sentinel Company, provides proven problem solvers to our customers and their diverse needs. We help them achieve success by offering comprehensive management and technical solutions with a clear focus on their mission

The successful candidate will manipulate data and data flows for both existing and new systems performing ETL, analytical support and maintenance of critical data.

The data engineer will provide support in the areas of data extraction, transformation and load (ETL), data mapping, analytical support, operational support, database support, and maintenance support of data and associated systems.
As a member of the team, the data engineer will research, design, develop and/or modify enterprise-wide systems and/or application software.
The data engineer will research emerging technologies to determine impact on application execution. Troubleshoot complex problems and provide support for the ETL process. Prepare reports on analyses, findings and project progress

Ability to develop complex data flows, or make significant enhancement to existing pipelines
Experience building and maintaining data flows in NiFi or Pentaho
Experience with the following languages: Java/J2EE, C, C++, SQL, XML, XQuery, XPath, Ruby on Rails, HTML/XHTML, CSS, Python, Shell Scripting, JSON
Knowledge of servers operating systems; Windows, Linux, Distributed Computing, Blade Centers, and cloud infrastructure
Strong problem solving skills
Ability to comprehend database methodologies

Lucid Perspectives, an E/3 Sentinel Company, understands that our people are what make us great. We believe in a work/life balance while supporting the customers and mission we love. Our benefits are as follows: 7 weeks PTO (10 Federal Holidays along w/ 25 Vacation days), 10% 401K Contribution (100% vested on Day 1), 100% paid premiums Medical/Dental/Vision for the family, Life/Disability Insurance, Generous Tuition Reimbursement, Monthly Internet & Cell phone allowance, Technology Allowance, and Referral/Growth Incentive Bonus.
During the COVID19 pandemic we are actively taking measures to protect and support our employees. This includes support to our workforce that has returned to work on-site, those working remotely, and those employees supporting in a ready state or isolating at home.

Lucid Perspectives, E3/Sentinel Company, is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. Lucid Perspectives, an E3/Sentinel Company, hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Chantilly, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
184,Data Scientist,-1,"About Imperfect

Imperfect Foods was founded in 2015 with a mission to reduce food waste and build a better food system for everyone. We offer imperfect (yet delicious) produce, affordable pantry items, and quality meat and dairy. We deliver them conveniently to our customers’ doorsteps and pride ourselves on offering up to a 30% discount compared to grocery store prices. Our customers can get the healthy, seasonal produce they want alongside the grocery staples they rely on, without having to compromise their budget or values. We’re proving that doing the right thing for the planet doesn’t have to cost more, and that shopping for quality ingredients can support the people and resources that it takes to grow our favorite foods.

We're headquartered in San Francisco with operations all over the country. Check our website to see if there is an Imperfect near you!

We're looking for folks who are positive, motivated, and ready to change the world. If that sounds like you, drop us a line!

How we are protecting employees from COVID-19

At Imperfect Foods, employee health and safety is our top priority. We have implemented processes and precautions to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in our facilities. We provide gloves, masks, and hand sanitizer to all essential employees who must report to work. Before entering our warehouse, employees have their temperatures checked. In addition, we take great care to ensure frequently touched surfaces are sanitized throughout the day and all warehouses are fully sanitized weekly.

We have also implemented an Emergency Sick Leave policy providing full-time and part-time employees 2 additional weeks of paid time off and up to 26 weeks paid leave if they have a confirmed case of COVID-19.

About the Role:

We're looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join our Business Intelligence team. The ideal candidate will develop and automate algorithms that integrate with various parts of the business to better our customer understanding, improve our customer experience, and drive operational efficiency. Our Data Scientist will collaborate with departments across the company, including Marketing, Operations, and Engineering, for a wide and deep impact. Some example projects include demand forecasting to help with warehouse labor and inventory planning, optimizations to improve warehouse efficiency, personalization and recommendation algorithms to enable customers to discover relevant products, and product subscription cadence optimization. As an early member of the data science team, your role will influence the tech stack and frameworks we develop. This role requires analytical horsepower to efficiently analyze, and communication skills to tell a story with data.

If you like the idea of swimming in data, fighting food waste, and working with a cohesive and productive team, we want to hear from you!
Responsibilities:
Build production grade models on large-scale datasets by utilizing sophisticated statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining techniques
Provide in-depth analyses and insights for strategic and business initiatives, while maintaining analytics roadmap to prioritize initiatives, communicate timelines, and ensure successful, timely completion of projects
Collaborate cross-functionally to identify impactful business problems and translate them into structured analyses, measurable insights, and reports and dashboards
Assist with the development and deployment of analytical tools and develop custom models to observe progress, uncover insights in the data, and automate analyses
Participate in code reviews and software development standard methodologies
Skills and Qualifications:
3+ years of professional experience as a data scientist, including deploying and maintaining code in a production environment
Confident with machine learning techniques and sophisticated analytics (e.g. regression, classification, clustering, time series, econometrics, mathematical optimization)
Highly skilled in SQL and Python. Experience running complex analytics in a scripting language
Bonus: experience using R and other languages
Has a solid grasp of statistical applications and methods (experimentation, probabilities)
Experience with preparing large data sets for analysis
About You:
You're able to clearly and dynamically translate data into a relevant story with initiative partners, including technical and non-technical audiences
You demonstrate intellectual curiosity, and a knack for translating information into impactful insights, with data big, small, structured, and imprecise
You have the insight to take ambiguous problems and tackle them in a structured, hypothesis-driven, data-supported way
You're a self-starter with the ability to prioritize multiple projects at once
You're passionate about our mission to eliminate food waste and create a better food system for all
Details of the Position:
Full-time exempt position reporting to the Director of Business Intelligence
Candidate can be remotely located within the US
Salary and employee stock options commensurate with experienceCompetitive benefits package including health care, paid vacation, 401K, paid parental leave, and recurring credit towards your Imperfect account!
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary work; involves sitting most of the time
Occasional movement around the office may be necessary
Regular work with computers, including keyboards, mouses, and screens
Regular use of mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets
Individuals seeking employment at Imperfect Foods are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.

U.S. E-Verify Notice: Imperfect Foods participates in E-Verify in the United States. Imperfect will provide the U.S. Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.",3.4,"Imperfect Foods
3.4",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
185,Sr. Data Engineer,-1,"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out our existing teams. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Sr. Data Engineer :

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Knowledge of open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, SparkML, or H2O.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Strong understanding of database internals, such as indexes, binary logging, and transactions.
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Practical experience authoring and consuming web services.
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.9,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
186,Data Scientist,"$111k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Duties & Responsibilities
Bring Creativity to Data products.
Analyze transaction data.
Build models to predict possible finance operation inconsistencies.
Use machine learning methods to perform transaction matching (matching algorithms).
Cleanse raw data for use in models.
Perform data munging, data mining, clustering & classification methods, pattern recognition.
Comfortable with Statistics, Calculus & Multivariate analysis.
You will work closely with a small R&D team with Product Managers, Data Engineers & Analysts. The R&D team will experiment with the data and come up with POC's.
Familiar with SQL, Python, R, Spark MLib, AWS, SQL Server, Redshift.
Most of the data currently lives in SQL Server. We are experimenting with AWS Redshift as well. Python for coding and someone with experience with Spark MLib & Machine learning is a big plus.
Qualifications
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches.
Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources.
A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data.
A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision.
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.
Familiarity with relational databases and SQL
Expert knowledge of an analysis tool such as R, Matlab, or SAS
Strong working knowledge of financials
Acquired skills would include Data Warehousing, ETL, BI, Data Mining, and Machine Learning.
Strong written and verbal skills – able to explain the work in plain language
MS in Computer Science or other quantitative disciplines or BA with 2+ years applicable experience",3.9,"BlackLine
3.9","Woodland Hills, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
187,Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist,"$75k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our team Our team is looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML). The selected Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist will support a U.S. Government customer who is applying new and innovative methods in computer vision and object detection in order to address some of our most pressing intelligence problems.

Maxar is looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to join our team in Northern VA. The selected Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist will support a U.S. Government customer who is applying new and innovative methods in computer vision and object detection in order to address some of our most pressing intelligence problems.

Life with Us

Your Career: Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer
everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its
disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor and/or a mentor to set
appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be supporting an R&D, rapid prototyping office whose mission is to apply new and cutting-edge tools and methods to intelligence problems. This office loves innovators, self-starters, and people passionate about our nations security.

These AI/ML applications and experiments are used to:
Extract meaningful insight.

Narrow search areas.

Tip/cue.

Find rare objects.

Predict vulnerabilities.

Encouraging further analytic exploration.

Reducing the friction of flawed workflows.

Youll collaborate with our geographically dispersed team primarily via Zoom & Slack.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a current/active TS/SCI security clearance with Polygraph.

Bachelors degree in a relevant field (physics, mathematics, computer science, operations research, etc.).

5 years of relevant experience with Data Science and Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.

Experience with Data Science Tools (eg R, Python, SAS, Matlab, TensorFlow).

Experience with applying Data Science techniques to overhead imagery - ie; computer vision, object detection.

Preferred Education and Experience:
Experience with NoSQL databases.

Ability to provide subject matter guidance.

Ability to manage personal project priorities and deliverables.

Ability to provide controls for technical rigor and quality of output.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
188,Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist,"$99k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Acuity is seeking a Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist to use statistical knowledge and research skills to solve business problems. The Research Statistician will develop, implement, and interpret statistical models with a strong emphasis on data mining and statistical/predictive modeling. Provides work direction.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Identifies and acquires additional data sources, both internal and external, that can be used to enhance analyses.
Lead the development of analytical models to drive superior business outcomes.
Develop in-depth understanding of drivers for optimization by utilizing statistics and data mining techniques.
Using latest PC tools, develop, enhance and monitor reports and models for other business areas.
Evaluate and use Data Mining Tools.
Support, train, encourage, consult other areas in the company and provide actionable information to management.
Continually monitor database information and future needs.
Explore and acquire data from outside sources.
Use database tools to support other departments
Regular and predictable attendance.
Perform other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION:
Masters/PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Operations Research or Computer Science
EXPERIENCE:
5 years P&C insurance, modelling and project leader experience. Programming skills including SAS and R.
OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:
Strong interpersonal, quantitative, problem-solving, computer and conceptual skills.
Aptitude in predictive modeling, multivariate analysis, statistical modeling, data mining techniques and mathematical statistics.
Ability to apply strong programming and data management skills.
Knowledge of and experience with at least one major computer programming language or advanced syntax in a major statistical package.
This job is classified as exempt.",4.9,"Acuity Insurance
4.9","Sheboygan, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1925,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
189,2021 Data Science Fellowship,"$89k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","2021 Data Science Fellowship
Department


Human Resources

Location


Alexandria, VA

Closing Date

1/29/21

Apply Now

Overview

The Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) is a not-for-profit corporation that operates three Federally Funded Research Centers (FFRDCs). IDA’s Systems and Analyses Center is located in Alexandria, Virginia and is comprised of eight research divisions providing objective analyses of national security issues, particularly those requiring scientific and technical expertise, and conducts related research on other national challenges.

The IDA Data Science Fellowship provides recent graduates a unique opportunity to develop and apply data science skills to important issues in national security. Data Science Fellows will investigate the ways machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, and big data methodologies contribute to national security and gain experience developing advanced data science tools They will use their critical thinking and analytic skills to work on challenging real-world national security issues. In a collaborative team environment, Fellows perform data manipulation and statistical, econometric, predictive, descriptive, and other quantitative analyses to answer national security-related research questions. Fellows should expect to learn while creatively contributing to interdisciplinary project teams.

Fellows will have an opportunity to work research questions in areas such as:
Appraisal of current DoD investments in a broad range of areas: from human factors to autonomous systems, from materials science to nuclear weapons effects, from social behaviors to quantum computing;
Analyze and research questions on DoD personnel, military readiness and efficacy, and organizational efficiency topics.
Assessment of federal agency information and computing architectures that support data science applications (i.e., large, distributed data sets and computational assets);
Application of data exploration, text analytics, forecasting, statistical inference, simulation to areas of military personnel, manpower, and acquisition of DOD weapon systems.
Over the course of the three-year program, fellowship experiences will include:
Involvement in workshops and discussions on relevant topics
Mentorship from members of the IDA research staff
Training on specific analytical methods and tools
Attendance and presentation at select professional society meetings
Qualifications
This is a full time position and is only open to recent recipients of a bachelor’s or master’s degree. Candidates with degrees higher than a master’s degree will not be considered.
Candidate with recent Bachelor’s degree or Masters’ degree in economics, statistics, operations research, mathematics, physics, computer science, data science, or related disciplines with a strong foundation in statistics and/or applied mathematics are encouraged to apply.
Candidates must demonstrate experience with one or more programming language or statistical software used in research (e.g., Python, R, Julia, Stata, MATLAB, C, Java, etc.)
Candidates must demonstrate strong written and oral communication skills. Ideal candidates are able to contribute to and support team efforts.
Additional preferred skills include:
Training and/or experience in quantitative or qualitative information collection, data normalization, and text analytics
Experience as a research assistant in an academic or policy research setting
Experience or coursework in Bayesian statistics, machine learning, predictive analytics, and/or geospatial analyses
Experience with GPU, high-throughput, and/or distributed computing
U.S. citizenship is required.
In addition to the application, applicants at later stages in the process will be required to submit the following documents:
Personal Statement— explain in 1,000 words or less why you want to work in the area of data science and analytics in defense and national security and how your background/experience will contribute to IDA’s work
Writing Sample—5,000 word maximum
Transcripts - unofficial transcript is acceptable for consideration, but an official transcript is needed before any offer of employment will be made
Two Letters of Academic Recommendation—letters must be signed by the individual rendering the reference and delivered as PDF files.
U.S. Citizenship is required
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance is required
Equal Opportunity Employer",4.1,"Institute for Defense Analyses
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1956,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
190,Senior Data Scientist with Top Secret,"$109k-$180k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What You'll Get to Do as a Data Scientist: *
Leads data science efforts, working closely with clients and data to understand mission and data.
Develops algorithms leveraging modern data science technologies including reinforcement learning systems, machine learning and more.
Provides clients with technical expertise for a project or program. Able to manage technology projects or lead technology solutioning.
Provides highly technical and specialized guidance and solutions to complex IT problems; performs elaborate analyses and studies.
Evaluates, recommends, and executes new technologies and updates existing infrastructure to ensure optimal performance and efficiency.
Develops IT strategies to ensure the systems meet existing and future requirements based on needs and regulations.
Works in a variety of environments and has excellent verbal and non-verbal communication skills. Works effectively and independently.
You’ll Bring These Qualifications: *
Must have an active TS or TS/SCI
At least 5 years of experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with multiple database types such as SQL, Redis and MongoDB
Experience building and integrating the at the application and database level
Experience developing REST/SOAP APIs and messaging protocols and formats
At least 2 years of theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization
Experience implementing event/data streaming services such as Kafka
Experience prototyping front-end visualizations utilizing data visualization suites such as Kibana or Splunk
At least 2 years of experience developing Reinforcement learning systems utilizing at least one of the following methodologies. Finite Markov Decision Processes, Support Vector Machines, Q-Learning, Stochastic Finite State Machines, MCTS or other hybrid Deep Reinforcement Learning processes
Experience in theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization.
Experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with databases such as SQL or MongoDB.
Experience working with large-scale data sets.
Experience producing data visualizations for a variety of different audiences.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills along with the ability to present technical data and approaches to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On Call
Experience:
SAS: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Science: 5 years (Preferred)
Machine Learning: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
R: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Washington, DC 20016 (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.oneglobeit.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"OneGlobe LLC
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
191,Data Scientist- Streetsboro Ohio Office,-1,"The Step2 Company is the largest American manufacturer of preschool and toddler toys and one of the world’s largest rotational molders of plastics. It’s our mission to be the leading innovator of children's products that build imaginations and enrich the family's celebration of childhood.

Step2 proudly employs moms, dads, grandparents, aunts, uncles and everyone in between. We offer an environment of fun and hard work. Our mission of bringing families together isn’t just for our customers. The Step2 family starts with our employees and we’re excited that you’re interested in joining our team!

PRIMARY FUNCTION: Reporting to the IT Director, and in close collaboration FP&A, the Data Scientist will support our product, sales, operations, and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

SPECIFIC DUTIES/ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design
Functions as Oracle subject matter expert and ensures end users are properly trained to use system and reports appropriately; troubleshoots issues.
Serves as the System Administrator for the Daily Operating System (D.O.S.) Report and supporting network.
Ensures functionality and accuracy of reports which make up the D.O.S. report (i.e. Mold Placement Master, Mold Placement Report, Attendance Rosters).
Keeps D.O.S. supporting data updated (i.e. labor standards, NSP pricing, tooling information, goals, etc.)
Data mines and analyzes data from Oracle to provide user-friendly ad-hoc reports as request by various departments and upper level management.
Design and create a data repository to achieve the above objectives
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, a degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Adwords, Content Analytics, Facebook Insights, etc.


ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
Excellent project management skills
Ability to explain complex issues clearly and succinctly
Effectively summarizes and communicates results
Ability to forecast potential problems and pitfalls
What are the perks?
· Parental Leave
· 401k with Employer Match
· Tuition Assistance
· Company Paid Life& Disability Insurance
· Adoption Assistance
· Medical, Dental and Vision
· Premium FREE Medical Plan
· Employee Discount
· 10 Paid Holidays
· Advancement Opportunities
Join our family!

Apply today or text Step2Jobs to 97211 to connect with a recruiter.

Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer



Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"Step2
3.3","Streetsboro, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
192,Sr. DATA SCIENTIST,"$155k-$247k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Title: Sr. Data Scientist

Company: Samsung Research America (SRA)

Lab: Visual Display Intelligence Lab

Location: Mountain View, CA

Lab Summary:

At Visual Display Intelligence lab, Samsung Research America, we operate as a start-up while leveraging the broader assets of a larger global enterprise. We do advance research and development to immensely benefit our core business verticals in the space of Ads and Marketing. Our team primarily focuses on processing huge data sets, build robust and scalable big data pipelines, conduct advanced research in implementing state-of-the-art ML and AI techniques, build data services that are both real-time and batch based. All those combined provide the best-in-class experience to our customers across consumer electronics and internet of things. Many of our engineers take pride in publications, filing A-grade patents and build robust products and services.

Position Summary:

As a Staff Software Engineer you will primarily focus on building unified Audience platform by working directly with Product Managers, Lab leaders, researchers, Big data/AI/ML engineers, brainstorm different ideas and also build POCs and propose projects that cater to the broader business needs. If there is evinced interest to invest on those projects, you could lead them to fruition. You will help design data pipelines, maintain large scale distributed systems, help manage the modern data warehousing infrastructure, analyze key metrics for decision makers to provide visual insights that will change the company direction and benefit consumers. The ideal candidate will be someone who comes from a strong analytical background that has demonstrated experience in the following areas:

Responsibilities:
Build and maintain large scale distributed systems to support the whole pipeline from data collection and training to deployment and real-time serving
Write efficient implementations of ML algorithms over CPUs & GPUs
Integrate our in-house systems with open source technologies like Kubernetes and Tensorflow
Build abstractions to automate various steps in different ML workflows
Build tools to debug, visualize and inspect various features and models
Work with the engineers who use the platform, and help them be more impactful by improving the platform
Minimum Qualifications:
Strong knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals including object-oriented design, data structures, operating system, computer networks.
(5+ years) Software development experience, ideally in Python, Scala or Java
(5+ years) Experience with MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, Redis, Redshift, OracleDB or MongoDB
(3+ years) Microservice-oriented architectures and related OSS technologies (e.g. Kubernetes, Kafka, Celery/RabbitMQ, nginx, Redis, Airflow, etc)
(3+ years) Experience working in distributed and streaming environment, preferably using Spark, Kafka, Flink etc
(3+ years) Experience with AWS in an enterprise environment
(3+ years) CI/CD and test automation frameworks (Cypress.io, Jenkins, Appium, UIAutomation, Bazel, etc)
Preferred Qualifications:
BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical field
Strong communication and inter-personal skills
Experience with leading large-scale multi-engineer projects
Samsung is an EEO/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We welcome and encourage diversity as we strive to create an inclusive workplace.",3.7,"Samsung Research America
3.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
193,Data Engineer - RPA,"$61k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","BRMi Technology is seeking a Data Engineer - ETL/PEGA to support a large client in the Northern Virginia area. This data engineer will be responsible for supporting Information System Division and the enterprise to deliver a personalized member experience, unify inbound and outbound member marketing, orchestrating experiences across channels, and make our clients marketers & ISD more efficient. The PEGA implementation will help streamline disjointed and manual campaign development processes.

The Data Engineer will support the ETL development for feeding Pega cloud application with 700+ member and account data elements.

Required:

• Extensive experience in engineering and designing data integration and delivery solutions using Informatica Power Center, SQL, and Unix /Shell scripts.
• Experience with SSIS in Azure Cloud is a huge plus.
• Experience with Azure Data Factory.
• Experience with Azure Data Factory and Data Bricks.
• Excellent written and oral communication skills
• Hands-on experience creating automated data integration applications using data models, data mappings and business rules specifications, to load data warehouses, operational data stores, data marts, and data lakes while programmatically handling exceptions including late arriving, missing, or erroneous data.
Desired:

• Experience using Informatica PowerExchange CDC
• Ability to interpret complex mainframe copybooks, XML data feeds
• Experience configuring and using APIs
• Proficient in the data ingestion pipeline process, exception handling, and metadata management on Hadoop platforms.
• Advanced degree in MIS, computer science, statistics, marketing, management, finance or related field
• Experience providing technical and data leadership to the application development terms, IT and the enterprise.
• Prior experience in the Financial Industries and large banks
** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.**
**This is a W2 opportunity only**
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.",4.3,"BRMi
4.3","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
194,Senior Data Scientist,-1,"Formation provides personalization for the largest enterprise businesses in the world. We work with high-volume data streams and apply Data Science to bring individualized multi-step promotions to customers. Our Data Science Team is transforming the relationships between Fortune 500 companies and their customers.

You'll work in small teams with a common goal: create excellent data science solutions anchored in a culture of quality, customer focus, and growth.

As a Senior Data Scientist at Formation you will work in an agile environment to prioritize and test hypotheses using principles of rigorous experimental design. You understand that Data Science is an expansive area and no line of code is written until you have clearly defined the problem, methods, and definition of done. Your guidance on causal inference, machine learning techniques, and work prioritization will be sought by other team members. You will contribute to process documentation, and methodology design and review. You will create platform architecture specifications as you work with Engineering and Product Management to integrate Data Science processes into the product platform.

You understand that bugs, inadequate processes, and less than ideal code are part of building a startup. You welcome the challenge of solving these kind of problems while building a great product with the Data Science team.

You will report to the Manager of Data Science.

Key Responsibilities:
Work with Solution Architects and Customer Success to determine how to best apply Formation's product to client use cases
Explore and understand unfamiliar data-sets with tools such as Apache Spark and AWS Athena
Determine metrics and conduct power analysis to determine the feasibility and design of experiments
Implement processing pipelines to clean and process source data
Present experimental methodology and results to Fortune 500 clients
Work with Engineering and Product to standardize and integrate DS workflows into Formation's product
Provide mentorship and prioritization of DS work to junior Data Scientists
Skills and Experience:
Minimum 5 years experience as a Data Scientist, or 3 years experience as a Data Scientist at a startup
Proficient with the Python scientific ecosystem, Apache Spark, and SQL
Have foundational software engineering skills such as bash scripting, version control, and continuous integration
Have worked with job schedulers such as Apache Airflow
Knowledge of experimental design and analysis of results
Understand common concepts related to e-commerce, e.g. lifetime value, net incremental revenue, and churn
Machine learning proficiency with a focus on recommender systems and supervised learning techniques
Experience with optimization techniques such as constrained linear optimization and contextual bandits
Experience in customer onboarding and long-term customer engagement
Experience participating in talent screening and interviewing
About Formation:

Formation distills complex customer data into uniquely tailored experiences; we orchestrate physical and digital exchanges into one seamless journey. Our business is building lasting, trusted relationships between people and brands—and making it look easy.

We're already reaching millions of people a day, and we're just getting started. Our founding leadership is equal parts business, design, and engineering—because we believe differing perspectives + passionate discourse achieve the greatest outcomes. We give our whole selves. We love learning new things.

Formation is committed to inclusion and diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. You will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

If you're up for the challenge of a lifetime, we're looking for outstanding talent to join our team.

Benefits:

Among our many benefits:
100% medical, dental, and vision
Discretionary PTO policy in addition to 11 paid holidays per year
401K
Commuter Benefits",2.8,"Formation
2.8",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
195,Big Data Analyst BSLEP7,"$44k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings requires the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel.
Through the use of effective “big data” technologies and solutions, CBP ensures that the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure. In response to this challenge, ManTech, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified and versatile data analysts to facilitate data-driven decision making in response to national security threats.
The primary objective of the data analysis team is three-fold: 1) Support the development of predictive models via the identification of behaviors and attributes that inform illicit activities; 2) Provide on-demand analysis to support emergent operational needs; and, 3) Develop performance dashboards and artifacts to inform resource allocation, justify requirements, and support statutory reporting mandates.
In all three areas, data analysts must be capable of transforming large volumes of raw data, both structured and unstructured forms, into mission-focused insights that enhance understanding of mission performance, workload, and/or behavioral trends (i.e., strategic, tactical, and operational insights). Analysts may be called upon to support a diverse array of initiatives involving complex queries in support of network analysis, entity resolution, threat research, visualization, and impact assessments.

The strongest applicants will engage in highly dynamic, threat/risk driven operating environments. They will bring a proven track record of working with decision support tools and applications operationally employed by mission-support entities. Within three to six months of joining the project, we expect analysts will:
Master relevant data schemas, reference data, joining conditions, and relationships of existing databases, as well as associated warehouses and data marts, involving trade, travel, national security, and law enforcement data.
Conduct exploratory analysis demonstrating: a refined understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of the underlying data; a willingness to explore non-traditional data sources and evaluation methods; and a clear link to mission need.
Construct query code as well as run, save, edit, optimize, and document queries using SQL and other languages including Spark to extract mission-critical insights.
Design, develop and deliver analytic artifacts such as dashboards, scorecards, and structured Excel reports that: support executive-level, at-a-glance findings; empower non-technical users to explore user-specific equities (e.g. PowerBI); and/or provide detailed information informing operational outcomes.
Assess validity, accuracy, completeness, consistency, and uniformity of data as well as develop mitigation steps and processes to address data quality issues in support of clean data.
Translate findings (e.g. mission impacts, limitations of findings/ analytical confidence, analytical methods and techniques employed) to clearly articulate the “so what” within the context of mission performance to technical and non-technical audiences in the form of written reports and in-person briefings.
Engage internal and external stakeholders in a professional and informed manner to collect analysis requirements and ensure alignment of expected outcomes.
Integrate with, and materially contribute to, portfolio teams as a matrixed resource to provide data analytics expertise in support of modeling, ad hoc query support, or performance assessment initiatives in collaboration with data scientists, intelligence analysts, developers, and other participants under the direction of a project manager.
Applicants should note that while some formal training exists to support building knowledge of missions and the implementation of data-driven solutions, but much of the knowledge must be gained through on-the-job training and individual initiative. Technical knowledge is insufficient to achieve effectiveness in this operating environment; expertise must be enhanced with rapid acquisition of mission knowledge and demonstrated commitment positive mission outcomes. Therefore, we seek self-starters who are capable of independent exploration and knowledge acquisition, willing to develop informal support networks, and with an appreciation for the immense challenge of safeguarding the Nation’s borders.

BS Degree in a related technical fields (Computer Science, Math, Statistics, etc.)
Hands on experience working with data-mining, analysis or statistical software such as R, Matlab, SAS Enterprise Miner, SPSS Modeler, or SQL Developer for data analysis
Hands on experience with at least one of the following technologies: Hadoop eco system, including HDFS, YARN, Cassandra, Hive, Pig, and Spark
Hands on experience with Batch-oriented and streaming distributed processing methods such as Nifi, Spark, Kafka, or Storm
Hands on experience with distributed search engines like Elasticsearch or Solr
Conceptual understanding of – and/or prior experiences related to – data profiling, fuzzy matching, entity resolution, and signal detection theory (specifically with respect to SD theory: designing and improving upon systems that monitor, minimize, and balance false positive and false negative outcomes)
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with programming languages such as Java, Python, and SQL
Unix / Linux experience
Experience working in field of entity resolution, analytics, data mining or name matching.
Delivering solutions using Amazon Web Services (e.g., AWS EC2, RDS, S3)
Experience with Javascript frameworks like Angular, React and JQuery is a plus
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI)

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
196,Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist,"$75k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Maxar is looking for a Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist to join our team. We use quick iteration and regular feedback to the prototype for our government customers before ultimately discovering the perfect fit. We embed our Geospatial Programmers with analytic teams to create custom-tailored web apps.

Life with Us
Project: Were improving upon models that use Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning (AI/ML) to search for and identify objects. You would be the leader in this effort to design a scalable cloud-based solution and turn it into a real-world solution.
Career: Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer everyone the opportunity to define their career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor, and/or a mentor, to set appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be developing and enhancing a geospatial app and the supporting infrastructure. This app is used to facilitate greater workforce performance by:

Building and training Deep Learning models to accurately identify specified objects.

Accessing large and various data sets

Working with multiple mission partners to identify and evaluate data sources.

We work in a very Lean-Agile environment without the overhead associated with traditional Scrum and eliminated unnecessary development meetings and we love it! We work together with our govt. stakeholders in their spaces in a very free-flowing and technology-forward environment.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a current/active TS/SCI clearance with Polygraph

Bachelor's degree in mathematics, computer science or related field, or additional 4 years of professional work experience in lieu of degree

2+ years of relevant experience.

Recent experience with some of the following technologies:

Programming and Data Science Tools: Python, Anaconda Environments, and basic experience or knowledge of Pytorch, Tensorflow, or similar ML packages.

Limited experience in training ML models, classification, or object detection.

Understanding of methods for labeling training data for Machine Learning models.

Experience with Linux Terminal commands and usage.

Basic knowledge of Cloud Computing.

Preferred Skills:
Willingness to learn new tasks and tools.

Experience in Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) Pipeline techniques and tools.

Experience performing AI/ML projects in a cloud environment.

Strong interpersonal skills.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
197,HCM Data Analyst,"$55k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Any qualified individual with a disability who is having difficulty in completing an application because of incompatible technology or other disability-related application issues may contact us at the following phone number for assistance: 251-445-1932.

Austal shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. Austal’s commitment to equal employment opportunity applies at all levels of employment, in all job titles, including the executive level, and to all employment actions, including but not limited to decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, training, and promotion.

REPORTS TO: HCM Coordinator

SUPERVISES: N/A

AUTHORITIES / RESPONSIBILITIES:

The HCM data analyst plays a crucial role in collecting, structuring, analyzing, and reporting on HR processes and data. Supports business with key HR insights reporting (manning levels, hires; retention, turnover), talent metrics (promotion reporting; learning and development tracking; performance management insights), benefits reporting (billing invoices, participation census) as well as ad hoc reporting and data analysis as needed.

Job Description

Utilizes Workday systems and analytical tools to develop, analyze and interpret HR workforce data.
Partners with stakeholders across business units to build and implement reporting and analytic solutions that provide leaders with information necessary to achieve business goals and objectives.
Develop and maintain standardized dashboards and other related metrics reports for organization-wide and HR department evaluation.
Maintains common HR data repository
Monitors effectiveness of reporting and analytics products to ensure optimal value to the business, modifying or operationalizing new metrics and dashboard products as needed.
Creates scheduled reports and respond to ad-hoc queries from senior management and other areas of the company.
Leverages data extraction tools and approaches to perform complex data analysis and formulate new meaningful insights.
Reviews new reporting requests to be sure the request is consistent with HR systems and data strategies.
Creates, maintains, and ensures quality assurance of human resources data sets, reports, and metrics.
Recommends process and system improvements, follow up on recommendations.
Assist in the identification of data integrity problems and recommend solutions.
Other special projects, as needed.
Other duties as assigned;

QUALIFICATIONS / KNOWLEDGE / EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree or equivalent.
3-5 Business Analyst experience documenting Business Requirements and conducting data analysis.
Workday experience preferred in one or more modules: HCM, Benefits, Talent/Performance, Security, or Advanced Compensation.
Strong written and verbal communication skills to effectively communicate processes and procedures with managers and employees.
Highly developed ability to provide clear, concise verbal and written explanations for complex concepts so that others see the value add in recommendations and solutions.
Strong computer proficiency and technical aptitude to utilize MSOffice. Expert-level proficiency in Microsoft Excel (PowerPoint a plus).
Strong process orientation, analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent service orientation skill set, ability to build strong relationships with fellow HR team members.
Must work with a sense of urgency and have the ability to handle confidential information in a professional manner. Can handle demands from multiple customers and has the ability to prioritize.
Ability to work collaboratively with multiple teams/organizations with attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
Flexible and has the capability to deliver results in a fast-paced, and high volume environment.

TOOLS: Not applicable

DIRECTION EXERCISED: Works within established guidelines. Works autonomously and escalates issues to HCM Coordinator as appropriate.

DISCRETION EXERCISED: A degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.

LIAISES WITH:

Employees, Department Managers, HR / Benefit Staff, Finance staff and external consultants as assigned.

ADDITIONAL GUIDELINES:

The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD clearance may be required if deemed necessary in the scope of your position responsibilities.
Candidates must meet the following employment eligibility guidelines to be eligible for employment with Austal USA:
18 years or older at time of application
Able to provide proof of US Person status (permanent resident or citizen)
No felony convictions of theft/deception or violent crimes within seven years from disposition date
No felony convictions of drug crimes within three years from disposition date
Willing to submit to a drug screen
Willing to submit to a background check",3.2,"Austal USA
3.2","Mobile, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
198,Machine Learning Engineer,"$99k-$174k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Video & Image Understanding Group develops and applies cutting-edge computer vision and deep learning techniques to solve problems in object detection, recognition, localization & tracking; biometrics; 3D scene reconstruction; threat detection; vision-aided navigation; and situational awareness. Our projects integrate algorithmic research, software engineering, and application system development to produce innovative capabilities that address challenging national security problems. We actively collaborate with research engineers across STR, as well as with academic researchers and industry partners to develop practical and powerful computer vision solutions.

The Role:
Develop, implement and evaluate machine learning algorithms to detect, segment, classify and track objects in diverse imaging modalities.
Apply machine learning techniques to integrate information from multiple looks and multiple modalities to improve scene understanding capabilities.
Develop and apply transfer learning and domain adaptation techniques to solve scene understanding problems where limited measured training data is available.
Perform data analysis on experimental data and identify performance improvement strategies.
Transition machine learning algorithms to prototype and/or real-time systems demonstrations.
Who You Are:
BS, MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics or related technical discipline
Strong scientific software development skills
Independent analytical problem-solving skills
Experience in machine learning techniques, particularly deep learning
Motivated collaborator and excellent communicator to both technical and non-technical audiences
Some Other Relevant Skills You May Have:
Experience with Python and C/C++
Experience in developing and applying machine learning techniques to solving computer vision problems",4.5,"Systems & Technology Research
4.5","Woburn, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
199,Data Engineer,"$61k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Why consider OPI, and why do people dig working here?
Variety of consulting; new technologies, projects, and people on a regular basis.
Stability; we’ve been around since 1996 and have a diverse mix of clients and technologies to keep us busy, very busy. And we keep a bench. If you’re not on a project, you’re writing software for our internal business functions or you’re learning new technologies. It’s in our benefit to make our consultants as marketable as possible. That’s good for your career.
No politics or management; we don’t get in the way. Why sit in meetings all day when you can code and be productive?
Awesome benefits; free healthcare for your entire family (yes, free), 24 days of PTO + 10 days of sick time, quarterly profit sharing bonuses, you get paid OT, company trips (to Mexico), 3 company lake cabins/homes, various quarterly company events, new Macbook Pro’s, free beer/soda, chips, candy, and so much more.
You work with the best. Do an Object Partners search on LinkedIn and see the types of talent we hire. You truly get to work with intelligent, passionate engineers that share the same goal of building great software the right way.
Low company overhead. It all means more money back into our consultants pockets (profit sharing) or company trips and events to share in the financial success.

Qualifications

Architecture and design of highly available/scalable distributed systems.
Design and development of streaming data platforms using Kafka Streams, Spark, Flink, Storm, Beam or Cloud Dataflow.
Experience with functional/event-driven programming.
NoSQL technologies such as ElasticSearch or Cassandra.
Messaging technologies such as RabbitMQ, Kafka or Kinesis.
SQL on Hadoop technologies such as Hive, Impala or Presto.
Cloud services such as AWS, Azure, GCP or OpenStack.
JVM languages such as Java, Groovy, Kotlin or Scala.
Service frameworks such as Spring Boot, Ratpack, Vert.x, or Play.
Knowledge of data analytics, visualization and governance.
Knowledge of operating big data production solutions at scale.
Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and DevOps culture.
Passion for software development. Someone that loves what they do, that aren’t just in it for a paycheck. Do you have dev projects going on at home at all times?
New projects, new teams, new technologies means having to adjust and learn all the time. You might get thrown on a DevOps project as well, so having the ability to jump in and get your feet wet without hesitation is important. If you don’t want to grow and learn, we’re not a fit.
Positive, can-do attitude. We can teach the technology, but we can’t teach how to approach client challenges with a positive, helpful demeanor. The best consultants aren’t the most technical (although that sure helps), it’s the consultant that will do whatever it takes to see a client be successful, no matter what they throw at you.",4.8,"Object Partners
4.8","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
200,Data Scientist,"$76k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Job Description:

Are you our Data Scientist that likes to perform research-level data analytics willing to work in Bethesda, MD and at our customer sites in the National Capital Region to support ongoing and future programs to advance the state of the art in research and advanced machine learning and data fusion applications in the areas of mission-focused big data analytics and predictive analytics? You will be designing and optimizing a Data Science platform to advance national security objectives, produce and analyze results, disseminate findings, and contribute to publications and presentations with actionable intelligence insights. Exciting right!!

Fun stuff on the job you will do:
Work closely with software developers, network engineers, senior investigators, program managers, researchers, and data analysts on small teams to design and optimize a Data Science platform (DOMEX Data Discovery Platform – D3P) to produce and analyze results, disseminate findings, and contribute to publications and presentations.
Work on small projects analyzing a variety of big data covering national security, cyber security, business intelligence, online social media, human behavior and more.
Support multiple simultaneous projects and take open-ended or high-level guidance, independently and collaboratively make discoveries that are mission-relevant, and package and deliver the findings to a non-technical audience.
Have a mix of intellectual curiosity, quantitative acumen, and customer-focus to identify novel sources of data across a range of fields, to improve the performance of predictive algorithms, and to encourage user adoption of high-end data analytics platforms in partnership with a highly qualified, highly motivated team.
Have a strong background in research design, exploratory analysis, quantitative methods, user interface application design, and experience with customer outreach and engagement.
To be successful in this role you need the following:
B.S. Degree in a quantitative or analytical field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, or Computational Social Science; or Master’s degree or equivalent graduate degree including certificate-based advanced training courses;
4+ years of experience in data science, analytics or quantitative intelligence analysis, and demonstrating progressive technical development and outcomes. 6+ years of experience required with MS.
Must have an active TS clearance and must be able to achieve a TS/SCI clearance with Polygraph
Significant experience in one or more scripting languages such as R or Python
Proficient in one or more big data programming languages, such as Java or Python
Experience working with a hybrid team of analyst, engineers, and developers to conduct research, and build and deploy complex, but easy-to-use analytical platforms
Previous experience performing research in Data Analytics or big data
Track record of active learning and creative problem solving
Ability to analyze and assess software development or data acquisition requirements and determine optimum, cost-effective solutions
You will wow us even more if you have these skills:
A significant share of your data analytics experience in direct support if military or intelligence community customers, demonstrating progressive technical development and mission-focused outcomes
Significant experience dealing with open source, publicly available information (PAI) data sources and types
Significant experience performing quantitative analysis to support military or intelligence community operational activities
Previous experience developing predictive algorithms
Experience supporting cyber security or network security operations
Familiarity with social network analysis, supply chain analysis, forensic accounting, pattern of life, natural language processing, social media analysis, classification algorithms, and/or image processing
Experience blending analytical methodologies and leveraging existing COTS/GOTS/OS tools in unconventional manners
Familiarity utilizing virtualization and distributed field systems, such as Hadoop (or similar distributed file systems) in development and deployment environments
Familiarity using git, svn, JIRA, or other version control technologies
Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS/C2S)
Familiarity with hardware platforms, e.g., CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs, etc.
LInC
D3P
External Eligible Referral

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret

Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Data Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company’s 38,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Va., Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $11.09 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2020. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Bethesda, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
201,Medical Technologist (MT) / Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLT),-1,"Sampson Regional Medical Center is hiring a Medical Technologist to join the Laboratory team!

Description:
This is a full-time position. The selected candidate will perform various waived, moderately and highly complex hematologic, chemical, immunohematologic, immunologic/serologic, microscopic, and microbiological tests on specimens to obtain data for use in diagnosis or treatment of diseases. Additional responsibilities include obtaining specimens by capillary, arterial, and venous punctures; perform equipment maintenance, calibration, and troubleshooting; process histology specimens with additional training; participate in the quality assessment and improvement programs; provide guidance to technicians, assistants, phlebotomists and students; and provide services to patients of all age categories.

Requirements:

National certification as an MT/MLS by an approved agency is preferred
Individual must meet the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (CLIA) regulations for moderate and high complexity testing and must possess one of the following:
A bachelor's or associate's degree in medical technology or an appropriate biological, chemical, medical, or physical science from an accredited institution. This includes twelve (12) months of clinical laboratory training.
A satisfactory passing grade in a proficiency examination approved by HHS (HEW) and at least twelve (12) months of clinical laboratory experience.

Your Health, Our Passion!

IND123",2.2,"Sampson Regional Medical Center
2.2","Clinton, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1949,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
202,Data Engineer,-1,"TubeScience is looking for a talented Data Engineer to join our thriving team in Downtown LA! This role is remote flexible based in LA or anywhere in the US.

Quick 'about us':

We're a data-driven video startup based in LA that's grown to become the largest producer of video ads on paid social in the 4 years since founding. Collectively, our videos account for ~5% of all paid video views on Facebook and Instagram in North America and reach 100-200 million people per day.

Our clients are among the largest advertisers on FB and Instagram, across a wide range of verticals (incl. fashion, beauty, food, fitness apps, healthcare apps, financial services), giving us unique visibility into what drives success at scale. We focus on profitable growth with clients and grow their investment by 80% on average.

What's atypical about the company:
We're fast and data-driven: our teams develop concepts in the morning, shoot/edit in the afternoon, launch in the evening, and iterate the next day based on real-world performance.
We're a behavioral R&D lab at the core: We put 2,000+ video experiments per week, watched by tens of millions of people per day, that give us deep insights into how people make decisions. Over the past couple years, we've built an enormous library of IP around human behavior and visual communication.
We work on a pure pay for performance basis. Zero production fees for video. Clients only pay us if our videos outperform anything they're running internally.
What You'll Do:
Work with Data / Data Warehouse Architect to develop data warehouse models, design specifications, metadata process and documentation. Develop detailed ETL specifications based on business requirements
Partner with business users, senior architects, product managers, engineering teams, and other teams to deliver a robust data services platform
Work across all phases of the software development lifecycle in a cross-functional, agile development team setting
Design and build ETL jobs in a managed AWS environment.
Perform SQL-based exploratory analysis using AWS RDS / Athena or similar
Building and maintaining our data pipelines
Data Cleansing
BI work
Qualifications:
Experience with AWS services including Data Pipeline, Glue, Athena, CloudFormation, etc.
Experience developing ELT pipelines using Snowflake, Terradata, Vertica, Redshift or similar data warehousing technologies
Experience of the AWS data ecosystem (Glue, Kinesis, S3, Lambda, EMR, etc.)
Sharp, quick to understand
Willingness to dig deep enough to understand the root issue
We're a startup, willing to take on additional development activities if needed
ETL experience a must
Familiarity with AWS services
Experience with BI tools/applications
Strong initiative
Experience with Python/Java/C+/.net preferred
Benefits:
Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
Flexible PTO
401k + Matching
Personal Coaching
Remote Flexibility
Creative Working Environment
Fully Stocked Kitchen
Paid Sick Leave
Annual Learning and Development Allotment
Doctor House Call On-Demand
Application Process:

Interested candidates should apply directly for consideration. Upon submitting your application, our hiring team will review your credentials and will notify you if you are selected to participate in the interview process. We appreciate your interest in TubeScience and kindly ask that you refrain from inquiries to our teams via LinkedIn. All questions regarding the status of your application can be directed to careers@tubescience.com .

No third party or agency submissions will be accepted

TubeScience is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We consider all qualified applicants for employment regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please feel free to contact us at accomodations@tubescience.com.",3.9,"TubeScience
3.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
203,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Machine Learning Engineer*
Are you obsessed with software and machine learning? Looking to work with an awesome team in a modern, successful software company? Geisel Software, based in Worcester, Massachusetts, is a premier software developer that is working with and creating today's hottest software technologies. We are looking for a motivated individual to join our team, learn new technology, and help us build some great software!

Geisel Software develops web, mobile and embedded software, with a focus on robotics, medical devices, and machine learning. We seek a talented individual who is not afraid to work hard, learn something new and get lots of stuff done. We have a helpful staff, but it is also important that you can work independently and solve problems with little outside direction. Your problem-solving skills will be put to the test, whether that means tracking down the answer on Google, or building your own new solution.
Here's what we work with regularly*
TensorFlow and OpenCV
Robotic Simulation with ROS, RVIZ, and Unreal Engine
LAMP - Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP
iPhone/Android application development
Embedded Development in C/C++ (Arm or x86)
Web Frontend (AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, etc.)
Scripting Languages (Python, BASH, or other)
Web Technologies - HTML5, CSS3, XML, JSON
Linux - As a user at least, but also administration and kernel development
Web Frameworks - Django, Codeigniter
Agile and Waterfall design methodologies
Embedded platforms (Raspberry Pi, BeagleBone, OMAP, etc.)
Here’s what we require*
You're passionate about software development -- it's what you do even in your free time.
1 - ∞ years of experience with C, C++ and/or Python.
Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field (PHD highly preferred).
Willingness and ability to write software as part of a team as well as work on ground-breaking machine learning IP. This role will be a mix of both!
Good software foundational skills: CS theory; clean, well-documented code; collaborative style; solid algorithms understanding; mastery of more than one language.
An aptitude for learning new platforms and technologies on the fly. We’re constantly working on new projects that will push you and keep you always learning new technologies.
Able to take ownership of a project and independently architect, execute and troubleshoot it through completion and customer delivery.
Actively pursuing new knowledge and technologies. If you’re a web frontend guru, are you building your backend skills? If you’re an embedded developer, are you developing apps for Android or iOS?
Already comfortable on Linux. You can be a Windows/Mac pro, but you'll be doing at least 50% of your development on Linux. You should be comfortable with that.
Willing to commute to Worcester, MA (Note: Ability to temporarily work remotely during this trying time of COVID-19).
Looking for full-time employment.
Must be a US Person.
Here’s what we would prefer*
ROS or other robot operating system experience.
An educational focus in Machine Learning and Data Science.
Published work in the field of machine learning.
Robotic simulation and 3D game engine knowledge (Godot, Unreal, Unity, RVIZ, Drake).
Any experience with physical modeling would be a plus.
What you’ll get*
An opportunity to work with the latest technologies across a variety of platforms.
A fun, exciting work environment focused on the results, not the politics.
An experienced team and mentor who can help you grow in your craft and career.
A position with a growing company, offering competitive benefits and salary.
Apply now*
E-mail us at *jobs*@*geisel.software* and *include your resume and a brief cover letter* explaining why you think you'd be a great fit at Geisel Software. We'd love to hear about what you've done with technologies we're using, or other projects you've worked on. What do you think you’re really good at and why? What have you done outside your current job to improve your craft? Why do you think you’d be a great fit?

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.geisel-software.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Geisel Software
5.0","Worcester, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
204,Lead Data Scientist,-1,"Our mission is to make the best mental health tools radically accessible for everyone.

We are pioneers in building personalized digital mental health tools to help millions of people with mental health difficulties. We are building a suite of regulated, prescription only digital therapeutics as well as a sophisticated delivery platform capable of responding to the lived experience of our users.

Our tools are powered by the latest research in NLP and ML, use scientifically proven techniques from Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and are based on 10 years of intervention science at Stanford University. Our founder has an international reputation in Digital Mental Health intervention development. And our Chairman is Andrew Ng; and Dan Jurafsky is a member of our advisory board, both globally recognized leaders in AI/NLP.

There has never been a better time to use your data science skills for good. Given the recent acceleration in infrastructure to allow for the meaningful adoption of DTx, our strong product reputation and existing relationships within health systems, Woebot is in a period of explosive growth. We are looking for a product-minded data scientist to continue to create value for our users, customers, and execute on our IP strategy.

What you will do:

As a leader in the Product team, you will work cross-departmentally with clinical and engineering team members to build machine learning and AI algorithms that are the core of Woebot's intelligence. There are four areas we want you to own and drive:

Drive An Insights & Analytics Culture
You will help create data analysis and analytics pipelines that improve not only the underlying ML algorithms but also the product and the user's experience.
You will lead a team of Analysts and be responsible for good data driven hygiene, including the creation, redesign, and maintenance of analytics dashboards and BI tools such as BigQuery, Google Data Studio, or Tableau.
You will also advise on data labeling strategy so that Woebot's conversational engine is continuously improved and informs changes in features, content, and UX.
Improve User Personalization:
Woebot exchanges 4.7 M messages with our users every week. You will create & lead a data-driven personalization strategy for this audience.
We consider personalization to be key for developing a relationship over time while delivering precision interventions, that is; the right method to the right person at the right time.
Contribute To Evidence:
In the next 6 months, you'll help Woebot develop evidence & trends to demonstrate the value of our highest priority products.
You're helping answer the most pressing questions in the mental health field around engagement, dose, and treatment outcomes.
In partnership with our Clinical team and academic partners, we expect you to contribute to our pipeline of peer-reviewed published research.
In addition to some platform-related pieces, you will lead publication in Data Science and HCI research.
What Your First 90 Days Could Look Like
By Day 30 - Assess the lay of the landscape & team - and make suggestions around in house analytic tools, dashboard and strategies.
By Day 60 - understand the roadmap with our founder and reverse engineer our tailored interventions. Deliver a prioritized list of roadmap items.
By Day 90 - Submit your first publication. Execute on a plan for improving user outcomes with our analytics and ML.
Role Specific Competencies:
PhD in Data Analysis or ML/AI or computational field with 8-10+ years of applied experience
Knowledge of one or more modern ML/NLP frameworks, such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, or Keras
Track Record of publishing in peer reviewed academic literature
You've led and managed other analysts and data scientists.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
What you will add to our culture:
Strong work-ethic: Works hard to get a job done.
Proactive & flexible: Able to hit the ground running, takes responsibility for finding a way to get the job done.
Empathic: Place a high value on user-experience, are a team player motivated to help others be successful.
High standards: Applies high standards toward everything.
Humble: You want to learn and grow in the role, and are open to feedback on how to do that.
What we offer:
Competitive Salary
Stock Options
Flexible PTO
Health, Dental & Vision
Healthy Snacks & Meals
Woebot is an equal opportunity employer and we deeply value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.1,"Woebot Health
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
205,Analytical Scientist,-1,"Description: *
Coastar Therapeutics is seeking a highly-motivated scientist with assay development expertise to join the analytical development team. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing analytical methods in support of the biological membrane coated virus development. Operating in a cross-functional and dynamic environment, the individual will work closely with Product Development and Process Development teams. The ideal candidate should have a proven track record of developing, implementing, and transferring QC-suitable analytical testing methods that are compliant with regulatory requirements.

This is a full-time position reporting to the CSO and is located at our corporate headquarter in San Diego.
Primary Responsibilities: *
• Perform all functions to support bioassay development and assay qualification with exemplary documentation practices

• Perform established in-process control and release assays to support pilot process development

• Detailed record keeping, data interpretation, and presentation to functional and project teams

• Ordering and maintaining stocks of lab reagents and samples
Requirements: *
• Ph.D. or M.S. degree with 3~5 years relevant experience in a related field

• Prior experience with designing and developing cellular/enzyme-based assays is preferred

• Prior experience with bi-specific antibody and virus is strongly preferred

• Prior experience with bioassay / bioanalytical development is strongly preferred

• Prior experience with cell culture, qPCR, flow cytometry, protein purification is a plus

• Excellent communication, time management, record keeping, presentation, and data analysis skills

• The ability to successfully pursue an individual research project and take direction in a group environment
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements: *
• Will require working with blood, tissues, and cell lines of human and animal origin

• On-site work at corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA

• Occasional travelling will be required (< 10%)

The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary duties may be required from time to time.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
COVID-19 considerations:
To keep everyone work safely, we have the work environment redesigned to be compliant with the requirement, including isolated desks and lab benches, mask requirement, etc.

This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
Coastar Therapeutics Inc.
Company's Facebook page:
Coastar Therapeutics Inc.
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Coastar Therapeutics Inc.,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
206,Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst,"$50k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Blending customer advisory, customer support, and customer experience, Carousel’s supercharged Customer Success Obsessed mission goes beyond any one IT function. Rather, it’s a mindset, a mantra, and a company-wide drive to bring extreme technology value to Carousel customers—so they can bring value to theirs.
With deep expertise across a vast portfolio of technologies, including security, unified communications and collaboration, data center, networking, managed services, and cloud solutions, Carousel can design, implement, and support solutions tailored to meet the unique needs of each customer. By offering professional and managed services with flexible deployments in the cloud, Carousel ensures customers achieve agility and use technologies in the way most effective for their business.
A legion of 1,300, the Carousel team has been committed to the art of customer success for its more than 6,000 highly satisfied customers since 1992. The company has been recognized by multiple publications and industry consortiums as a top technology integrator and managed services and cloud solution provider—including the Inc. 500/5000, Healthcare Informatics 100, and CRN MSP Elite 150. Headquartered in Exeter, RI, the company has offices across the United States and internationally—with three Network Operations Centers. To learn more, visit CarouselIndustries.com.

Position Summary:
The Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for leveraging large quantities data to assist executives, business partners, and operations teams to make data-driven decisions. This position will focus largely on sales operations data defining data relationships (inclusive of off-system spreadsheets), data mining and data modeling which will be the basis for actionable intelligence dashboards and reports. The Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst will utilize their experience to explore data, applying statistical techniques, and designing sales dashboards and reports that provide value to the company and its operational leaders. This role will collaborate with all Business Systems Teams and business subject matter experts to deploy a robust reporting universe that is streamlined and transparent. The Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst will report to the Vice President of Business Intelligence and join a highly agile cross-functional team that leads some of the most critical projects for the Business Intelligence department and Carousel Industries as an organization.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Commitment to the Sales Organization to develop and deliver analytical reports that support and enable actionable intelligence to achieve strategic and operational goals.
Provide descriptive data analysis, and creative problem-solving using SQL programming language
Lead projects regarding data exploration, relationship management and data-driven story telling
Ability to create practical, actionable plans that are coherent and understood by stakeholders
Partner with Business Systems teams, business leaders, and functional groups to provide actionable intelligence regarding operational effectiveness and revenue growth
Gather, manipulate, and explore large datasets to test hypotheses and extract useful insights
Create and manage reporting, data narratives, and analytics deliverables for the CI Governance board and committee
Build innovative data models, reports and dashboards
Troubleshoot data conflicts and inconsistencies through data mining and collaboration with the business teams
Evaluate and develop data monitoring reports to provide further insight into process and change management
Develop roadmaps with proposed solutions from an end-to-end perspective
Partner with clients to promote evidence-based decision-making and devise action plans that influence behavior changes
Investigate and create trend analysis models to promote operational effectiveness

Qualifications:
B.S. in a quantitative field required.
Prior experience and expertise with Salesforce strongly desired.
Experience in financial and/or sales driven data modeling is a plus.
Experience with Microsoft Power BI and SNOWFLAKE cloud data warehouse preferred.
Minimum of 3 years related experience.
Demonstrated advanced analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills.
Attention to detail and ability to deliver and support a quality service experience.
Demonstrated experience with industry report writers such as Einstein Analytics, Business Objects, Power BI, SSRS, Tableau or other BI reporting solutions.
Prior experience with CRM, ITSM and ERP reporting preferred.
Experience with writing/updating (SQL) queries.
Strong problem-solving skills.Superior verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to organize and prioritize concurrent projects.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively.
Create, maintain, and optimize reports, including SQL statements, views, functions, and stored procedures.
Effectively gather requirements and design new reports, troubleshoot, research, and correction of reports and database objects requiring review.
Accurately estimate effort for requested custom reports.",3.0,"Carousel Industries
3.0","Exeter, RI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1992,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
207,Senior Scientist of Protein/Antibody Engineering,-1,"Synbio Technologies is committed to discovering and developing cutting edge DNA technologies for the advancement of life science, synthetic biology, drug discovery and development, diagnostics and precision medicine and digital information DNA storages etc. Synbio Technologies has built a comprehensive DNA “reading” (sequencing); DNA “writing” and DNA “editing” platforms enabling us to aid customers in one-stop DNA solutions. We are a teamwork orientated company and are looking for dedicated, self-motivated and talented individuals to join the team.

We are looking for a qualified individual to lead antibody engineering and functional applications. The individual will be responsible for the design of intracellular antibody discovery and optimization, developing biochemical and cell-based screening/reporter assays for antibody therapeutic lead selection, screening of antibodies from hybridoma and display libraries, antibody V gene sequencing, recombinant antibody expression, purification, and characterization.The candidate will be responsible for defining, developing and implementing technology and commercial strategies, initiating and establishing team and execution of working plans from antibody early discovering to functional characterization and leads validation. Supporting business development transactions such as research collaboration, OEM negotiation, and business development partnership. The candidate will be the key in driving those activities to achieve strategic goals and financial objectives for sustainable long-term growth of the company.
Specific Responsibilities*
Express and purify proteins in mammalian cells, E. Coli cells, Yeast cells and insect cells
Design, test and optimize the discovery & development of antibodies
Create infrastructure/library for any one of the display platforms (phage/Yeast/mRNA)
Design, generate and optimize synthetic antibody libraries (i.e. ScFv library, VHH library, full length library etc.)
Create infrastructure the display platforms (phage/Yeast/mRNA)
Development of biochemical and cell-based reporter assays for antibody lead generation
Express, purify and bio-physical characterize of antibodies
Initiate and coordinate projects with different department (i.e. PM and BD)
Teach and mentor junior research associates and interns
Independently analyze and present data to scientific teams
Strong commitment and accountability for completion of projects in accordance with team plans
Excellent organizational skills, attention to detail and goal orientation
Minimum Requirements*
PhD in molecular biology, biochemistry, protein/antibody engineering, immunology, or related field with 0-3 years postdoctoral biologics experience preferred
Proven record in protein expression and purification
Experience in antibody engineering and affinity maturation
Hands-on experience in antibody engineering in areas of hybridoma sequencing, synthetic antibody library construct designs and antibody expression is required
Experience with antibody sequence isolation, repertoire analysis, and V region classification
Direct experience in antibody library designs and testing using one of the display platforms (Phage, Yeast, mRNA) is preferred
Designed and developed intracellular protein-protein interactions via a reporter system
Ability to collaborate with Synthetic gene and Vector Engineering colleagues to generate appropriate in vitro, cellular, and in vivo data packages
Hands-on experience with transient and stable expression of proteins in CHO or HEK293 cells and antibody production and purification methods
Outstanding problem-solving skills, ability to multi-task and learn new techniques
Excellent communication skills, written and verbal Strongly Preferred
Significant experience in a cell-based reporter system to test protein-protein interactions
Open to learn new techniques and implement them in the group and experience working within a cross-functional therapeutic program team or academic group
Job Type: * Full Time
Base salary*: /year
Bonus: *
Stock option: *
Experience: *
Molecular Biology 5 years
biotech/pharmaceutical working: >1 years (Preferred)
Education: *
Doctorate (Required)
Work authorization: *
United States (Required)
Required travel: *
Required
Contract Length: *
N/A
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Relevant: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",1.0,"Synbio Technologies LLC
1.0","Princeton, NJ",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
208,"Associate Director, Oncology R&D – Clinical Scientist","$51-$89 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join a Legacy of Innovation 110 Years and Counting!

Daiichi Sankyo Group is dedicated to the creation and supply of innovative pharmaceutical therapies to improve standards of care and address diversified, unmet medical needs of people globally by leveraging our world-class science and technology. With more than 100 years of scientific expertise and a presence in more than 20 countries, Daiichi Sankyo and its 15,000 employees around the world draw upon a rich legacy of innovation and a robust pipeline of promising new medicines to help people. In addition to a strong portfolio of medicines for cardiovascular diseases, under the Group’s 2025 Vision to become a “Global Pharma Innovator with Competitive Advantage in Oncology,” Daiichi Sankyo is primarily focused on providing novel therapies in oncology, as well as other research areas centered around rare diseases and immune disorders.

Job Summary:

Oversees typically a single non-pivotal trial (small size, standard complexity in design and geographic scope). Prepares clinical section of regulatory document. Collaborates as team member with AROs/CROs. Drafts development plans, protocol profiles, and sections of submission documents under guidance of higher level. Reviews and oversee completion of clinical trial protocols. Provides medical and/or scientific direction to Clinical Operations. Represents Clinical Development on Project Teams.

Responsibilities:

Study Strategy: Provides the strategic direction to Biostats Data Mgmt & Data Ops for EDC, edit checks, data quality listings, SAP, Data Mgmt plan; Reviews patient population and protocol compliance for consistency with study strategy; Develops biomarker strategy in collaboration with Translational Medicine/Clin Pharm; May act as Clinical study leader (CSL).

Study Planning and Execution: Provides input on major milestones of trial, clinical trial plan and contingency planning; Analyzes and updates management on potential risks to study deliverables; Provides input on ICF creation; Oversees recruitment and retention; establishes and implements contingency plans for shortfalls; Consults & recruits members for DSMB and/or adjudication committee setup.

Study outputs: Draft responses to IRBs and Health Authorities; Collaborates with Translational Medicine and Clinical Pharmacology to ensure appropriate biomarker, PK / PD measurements; Reviews emerging clinical data regularly; Leads dose-escalation meetings; Performs quality assessment with Delivery Lead e.g. review Tables/Listings/Graphs before database lock and quality check of data; Works with BD&O to ensure SAP update.

External collaboration: Consults with internal experts and external KOLs, Ad Boards for protocol development; Provides input on CRO / ARO Statement of Work and Budget; Establishes effective communication between CRO / vendors / ARO.

Additional non-study related activities: Occasional senior management interactions at FIHC, WDC; Initiates contact w/KOL and prepares material for KOL interactions on a program based need; Involvement with in-licensing and acquisitions on individual due diligence activities

Qualifications: Successful candidates will be able to meet the qualifications below with or without a reasonable accommodation.

Education/Experience:

Master’s degree; PharmD, PhD, or equivalent; Postgraduate training in TA or related specialty, or equivalent, desirable

4+ years with PharmD, PhD and relevant clinical experience
7+ years with Master’s degree and relevant clinical experience

Daiichi Sankyo, Inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.1,"Daiichi Sankyo, Inc.
3.1","Basking Ridge, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,1899,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
209,Master Data Analyst,"$42k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Summary:

Under general supervision, the Master Data Analyst will have the primary responsibility for ensuring that master data is maintained by entering, updating, and maintaining master data, as well as having a full understanding of the impact of this data across the value chain. This position is focused on ensuring data integrity, as well as data entry.

Essential Functions & Key Responsibilities:

Responsible for ensuring that master data is properly defined and setup in our IFS enterprise system. Working closely with the Master Data Manager, the Master Data Analyst is also responsible for data collection, entry and loading of local Master Data into IFS, including Bill of Materials, Customer and Material records, etc.
Understand the data elements and how they flow through the supply chain.
Receive and process requests from the user community for changes to, or creation of master data records, and manage the requests through a formal process of validation and approval.
Coordinate with the user community to ensure correctness and completeness of data contained in requests.
Pro-actively monitor and analyze all master data files for continuous improvements on the cleanliness of data.
Responsible for prompt implementation of all Master Data procedures to ensure that all information systems and services meet the company standards and end-user requirements.
Assist with testing configuration changes to master data elements.
Troubleshoot and resolve master data issues.

Candidate Requirements:

Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Supply Chain, Logistics or 2-4 years' equivalent work experience.
Solid experience in Microsoft Office products, specifically Excel, (ability to perform Vlookups and formatting. Pivot-Tables a plus!)
Team player with strong verbal and written communication skills.
Experience in SAP strongly preferred, IFS a big plus!
Effective time manager - routinely called on to prioritize a large number of tasks and report on assignment status.
Excellent analytical, interpersonal and organizational skills. Written and verbal communication skills are critical.
Detailed oriented / Ability to maintain high data integrity during data transfer process.
Ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously in an extremely fast-paced environment.
Ability to quickly and effectively prioritize a large volume of tasks to ensure timelines are met, and all information is available to the user community quickly and effectively.
Successful candidates must have a passion for on-time customer service, proactive problem-solving, superior attention to detail.

Please no recruiting agencies

Following GMP in compliance with all food safety requirements.

Novolex does not publicly post salary information on job boards.

Novolex™ is committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all employment practices, including but not limited to, selection, hiring, promotion, transfer, and compensation to all qualified applicants and employees without regard to age, race, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, handicap or disability, genetics, citizenship status, service member or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. Any individual, who because of his or her disability, needs an accommodation in connection with an aspect of the Company’s application process should contact Jamie Wells at hrcompliance@novolex.com.

#LI-JF1 #MON1",3.0,"Novolex Holdings, LLC
3.0","Covington, KY",-1,10000+ Employees,2004,Company - Private,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
210,"R&D Scientist, Associate","$21k-$49k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Improve Lives—that’s what drives us. It’s what makes us better, more innovative, more compelled to work harder. What we do is develop superior point-of-care rapid testing solutions for healthcare providers around the world; what we help create is healthier lives and communities.
Position Summary*: The R&D Scientist, Associate is responsible for performing experiments to develop and refine state-of-the-art assays for the detection of infectious diseases.
Duties & Responsibilities* include but are not limited to:
° Responsible for the preparation and application of all buffers, test lines, control lines, and other components used in Chembio diagnostic products

° Analyzes data

° Writes summaries and reports

° Performing daily and weekly instrument calibrations as indicated

° Responsible for maintaining neat and accurate batch records as either an operator or a witness during all procedures

° Compliance with regulatory standards. Adherence to all OSHA compliance laws and to the requirements of the USDA and FDA

° Compliance to the requirements of cGMP’s

° Maintenance of equipment and work area as directed

° Reporting deviations to established processes

Qualifications Required*:

° Bachelor’s degree in a Life Science or related field

° Attention to detail and proficient record keeping

° Computer literate, familiar with Microsoft Office
COMPANY PROFILE*
Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc. is a public company serving the increasing global demand for rapid tests needed for the effective prevention and treatment of infectious diseases and other conditions. Located minutes off the Long Island Expressway in Medford, NY, Chembio operates a research and manufacturing facility that is registered with the US FDA.

Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disability/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation

For more information about Chembio Diagnostic Systems Inc., please visit our website.

Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.6,"Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc.
2.6","Medford, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
211,DATA SCIENTIST,"$54k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB SUMMARY

The position will focus on building products to democratize machine learning and consequently improve the cost and quality of patient care. This position involves development of tools that accelerate analytics and machine learning for the organization. Developing models that encompass all aspects of hospital operations, including clinical, operational, and financial data. Also responsible for teaching data analysts and software engineers how to work effectively with vast quantities of data
This position requires full understanding and active participation in fulfilling the Mission of Blessing Health System. It is expected that the employee demonstrate behavior consistent with the Core Values while supporting the strategic plan, goals and direction of the Performance Improvement Process (PIP) at Blessing Health System.

JOB QUALIFICATIONS

Education/Training/Experience:
REQUIRED:
Graduate or post graduate university degree in the field of computer science, mathematics, or statistics,
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in healthcare analytics
Fluency with at least one scripting language such as Python, Perl, etc.
Expert knowledge of statistical analysis tools such as R, Matlab, etc.
Experience with very large datasets
Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel and other office projects required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Pay Status:
EXEMPT

IND0

Blessing Health System provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Blessing Health System complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Blessing Health System expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Blessing Health System’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.

19437

Location: Blessing Hospital · DECISION SUPPORT
Schedule: Full-Time, Days, Monday-Friday, 8:00am-5:00pm, 40 hours weekly",3.8,"Blessing Hospital
3.8","Quincy, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1875,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
212,Insight & Analytics Data Analyst,"$36k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Insight & Analytics Data Analyst will support our Sr. Analysts and Directors who are managing clients and project work. The position entails measuring business objectives against client KPIs and requires strong technical skills with data analysis and visualization, as well as the ability to craft key insights and findings and present work when required. The Data Analyst will also play a role in various research projects that require an understanding of earned media analysis, and social and web analytics, with a tool-agnostic approach. Multi-tasking and working on several projects at once will be part of the job experience.

Job Functions:
Develops strategy insights that are compelling, actionable, and statistically rigorous, identifying trends and anomalies, and triangulating data gaps
Understanding of project management elements and what role they play, meet deadlines and apply critical thinking to ask questions and help problem solve when needed.
Data visualization expertise and the ability to translate data from multiple data sources into a compelling story.
Has a collaborative mindset, is willing to work with others and take direction.
Applies sophisticated analysis to datasets to discern and identify patterns and recommend relatable actions.
Ability to multi-task and manage competing priorities in a time-sensitive environment.
Ability to ask the right questions to understand business problems and identify measurement or research objectives.
Other duties as assigned.

Minimum/Preferred Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline (Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Data Science) or marking/communications (Strategic Communications, Marketing Communications, Market Research), or the equivalent combination of education and experience
2-3 years of data analysis, data visualization, and/or market research experience is required.
Proficient with Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Power BI
Has passion and ability to learn new technologies, tools and platforms. Experience with social analytics platforms such as Talkwalker, Audiense, Netbase, Sprinklr or similar platforms is a plus.
Additional Requirements:
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate actively and work in a team environment.
Solid organizational and project management skills.
Self-motivated and able to adapt quickly to changing priorities and tight deadlines.
Strong presentation and consulting skills along with the ability to read, write and speak English
Experience working remotely or with colleagues in multiple locations
Must be able to work more than 40 hours per week on occasion
Travel: may on occasion need to travel, up to 10%

Equal Opportunity: WE provides equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against an employee or applicant because of age, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or other legally protected class status.
Diversity and Inclusion: WE values a diverse and inclusive workforce and is committed to creating a workplace where everyone thrives. We promote an atmosphere in which diversity of people and ideas are welcomed and valued. Diversity includes differences in race, religion, gender, age, lifestyle, ethnic background and sexual orientation as well as differences in experiences and ideas.
*LI-TQ1
WAG123",3.6,"WE Communications
3.6","Portland, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
213,Staff BI and Data Engineer,"$105k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description: Staff BI and Data Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA (or) New York, NY
Department: Data Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Data Engineering
Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a hands-on and self-driven Staff BI and Data Engineer, preferably with experience in the bank card loyalty/fin-tech/advertising/marketing space, to enhance and automate its data and analytics infrastructure to support its growing customer base and expanding partner ecosystem. The position is based in San Jose, CA., and reports into the Data Engineering division. The demand for advanced analytical solutions continues to grow exponentially, and this is your opportunity to grow with us in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools such as SQL, Python, and Tableau to query and process large data sets to produce high quality customer facing data deliverables and insights. If you have experience designing and building business intelligence/analytics applications, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult a venture-backed company into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Develop high quality analytical data assets with an eye towards process efficiency and automation through scripting. Experience in building data marts is a plus.
Build automated QA process to validate the quality of the data and report on data quality
Communicate and present data to both internal and external customers by developing reports/dashboards/charts using BI tools such as Tableau
Work closely with a dynamic and growing team of account managers, data engineers and data scientists to perform quantitative analysis of customer data, including gathering data requirements and validate data, applying judgement and statistical analysis to assist with planning and decision making.
Other responsibilities include but not limited to - data validation, troubleshooting issues, and process documentation.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on Data Analytics.
At least 3 years of hands-on experience in designing and building data pipelines, analytical data applications and BI Reporting.
Proficient in SQL and Tableau, familiar with at least one coding language in Python/Shell scripting.
Experience in using Cloud based managed services and Big Data Environments for data warehousing/analytics is a big plus – e.g. Amazon RedShift, Google BigQuery, Spark, MapR etc.,
Very strong written and verbal communication skills; Ability to tell a story with the data
Analytical thinker, with an ability to evaluate multiple products/technologies to address various aspects of a big data platform.
Experience working on UNIX / Linux development and production environments
Experience working in Agile software development environments
Strong organization skills with attention to detail is a must.
Ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, take proactive ownership of problems and outcomes, think outside the box
Knowledge of Retail and Financial verticals is useful but not required.",3.1,"Affinity Solutions
3.1","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
214,Senior Data Engineer,"$67k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta has an immediate need for a Senior Data Engineer to join a fast-paced program in support of a government customer with a very critical national security mission. This is a multi-year program, where the successful candidate will work on an interdisciplinary project team of more than 30 highly qualified individuals with a wide array of skills that include client (reactjs), server (spring java), QA Automation Engineers, UI/UX Designers, and DevOps engineers. The team is responsible for building a next generation Mission Information System and is performing greenfield Software Development using modern technologies via an Agile DevOps approach.

This Senior Data Engineer will play a vital role collaborating as part of this cross-functional Agile team to create and enhance data ingestion pipelines and address big data challenges. The Senior Data Engineer will work closely with the Chief Architect, systems engineers, software engineers, and data scientists on the following key tasks:
Provide Extraction, Transformation, and Load (ETL) experience coupled with enterprise search capabilities to solve Big Data challenges
Design and implement high-volume data ingestion and streaming pipelines using Open Source frameworks like Apache Spark, Flink, Nifi, and Kafka on AWS Cloud
Leverage strategic and analytical skills to understand and solve customer and business centric questions
Create prototypes and proofs of concept for iterative development
Learn new technologies and apply the knowledge in production systems
Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the enterprise data pipelines and the data lake
Partner with various teams to define and execute data acquisition, transformation, processing and make data actionable for operational and analytics initiatives

Required Qualifications / Experience:

BS in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or a related technical field or equivalent experience with at least 8+ years in systems engineering or administration (6+ years with a MS/MIS Degree).
Must have an active Top Secret security clearance and able to obtain a TS/SCI with Polygraph.
3 years of experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, NiFi.
3 years of experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python (preferred) and/or Java.
3 years of experience with and managing data across relational SQL and NoSQL databases like MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, HDFS, Redis, and Elasticsearch.
3 years of experience working in a Linux environment.
2 years of experience working with and designing REST APIs.
Experience in designing/developing platform components like caching, messaging, event processing, automation, transformation and tooling frameworks.
Experience developing data ingest workflows with stream-processing systems: Spark-Streaming, Kafka Streams and/or Flink.
Experience transforming data in various formats, including JSON, XML, CSV, and zipped files.
Experience with performance tuning of ETL jobs.
Experience developing flexible ontologies to fit data from multiple sources and implementing the ontology in the form of database mappings / schemas.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills necessary to work effectively with customers and other team members.

Preferred Qualifications / Experience:

Data engineering experience in the Intelligence Community or other government agencies.
Experience with Microservices architecture components, including Docker and Kubernetes.
Experience developing microservices to fit data cleansing, transformation and enrichment needs.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, S3, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Athena and/or Glue.
Experience with Jira, Confluence and extensive experience with Agile methodologies.
Knowledge about security and best practices.
Experience developing flexible data ingest and enrichment pipelines, to easily accommodate new and existing data sources.
Experience with software configuration management tools such as Git/Gitlab, Salt, Confluence, etc.
Experience with continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) pipelines and their enabling tools such as Jenkins, Nexus, etc.
Detailed oriented/self-motivated with the ability to learn and deploy new technology quickly.

Clearance Level: TS/SCI with Poly

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Reston, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
215,NLP Data Scientist,-1,"Job Description:


Are you interested in changing the world of work? We’re building a world-class analytics team to apply data science to the soft side of how work gets done. We’re working hard, having fun, and making history; come join us!

Workhuman is seeking a Natural Language Processing (NLP) Data Scientist to join our Workhuman iQ team as a domain expert. This role focuses on analyzing unstructured data for over 37 million workplace recognition moments. This person is expected to become an expert in uncovering insights hidden in recognition moments across dozens of countries for our customers, the industry and our company.

You will apply cutting-edge AI and Machine Learning approaches to solving an enormous variety of NLP problems across several industries.  For example, you will build NLP models to accomplish outcomes such as rating sentiment, uncovering hidden bias, identify meaning behind recognition moments, and identify semantic patterns that lead to workplace outcomes (e.g., reduced turnover, increased productivity, etc).

Your work will be project-oriented, and you will often be responsible for the data findings and interpretation of results and transferring capabilities to colleagues, clients and internal product teams. You will constructively discuss your findings while always looking for the best solution.

This position will report to the NLP Manager.

**This position can be located in Framingham, MA office OR remotely

Responsibilities
Build large-scale deep learning models for Workhuman NLP product
Experiment with advanced deep learning architectures and NLP techniques to improve the performance of NLP systems
Provide support on maintaining and improving the systems and data pipelines for Workhuman NLP product
Create test sets and run evaluation on NLP systems for Workhuman products
Analyze usage data from Workhuman NLP product and run error analysis
Explore the advanced deep learning framework and infrastructure and apply it to the data generated by Workhuman products
Required skills and experience:

Master’s or PhD in computer science, computational linguistics, machine learning, artificial intelligence or related field require
2+ years of NLP experience; more specifically working within Machine Learning and Deep Learning
Experience with natural language processing and machine learning projects such as text classification, sentiment analysis, and sequence tagging
Programming skills in Python
Experience with state-of-art machine learning and natural language processing toolkits such as Sklearn, Gensim, Spacy, NLTK, etc
Experience with at least one of the deep learning toolkits, such as Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras, etc.
Experience working with speech and/or language data
Expertise in building ontologies, taxonomies, and semantic relation frameworks
3+ years of analytics experience
Practical knowledge of data processing needs and trade-offs
Comfortable handling a high volume of work daily
Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment
Willingness to support several projects at one time, and to accept reprioritization as necessary
Strong attention to detail
Exceptional level of organization
Experience with process design and documentation
Experience communicating research findings and analysis in both written and spoken channels
The Company:


Workhuman® is the world’s fastest-growing integrated Social Recognition® and continuous performance management platform. Our human applications are shaping the future of work by helping organizations connect culture to shared purpose. With a consistent stream of gratitude fueling unparalleled, provocative workplace data and human insights, Workhuman® Cloud is a critical software engine for global companies seeking to motivate and empower their people to do the best work of their lives. Workhuman® (formerly known as Globoforce) was founded in 1999 and is co-headquartered in Framingham, Mass., and Dublin, Ireland.

Did you know:
We are #1 Great Place to Work in Ireland for the 2019 medium-sized workplace category and have been named one of the 2018 Top Places to Work in Massachusetts by the Boston Globe
Workhuman® is used by 4.5 million employees across 160 countries.
Our core values are; Respect, Determination, Innovation and Imagination
Perks & Benefits for our Happy Healthy Humans:
Comprehensive Health Plans
Fully paid parental leave (12-week maternity/4-week paternity) effective day 1
Peer-to-peer recognition program
401(k)
Tuition Reimbursement
Commuter bus from downtown Boston
On-site fitness center
Wellness rewards and reimbursements
Fully stocked kitchen (cold brew on tap - snacks and coffee machines as far as the eye can see…)
Regular celebrations for employees, families and special guests
At Workhuman, we love what we do because we’re shaping the future of work through our people and our technology. Our human cloud-based applications are helping some of the world’s leading global brands connect culture to shared purpose. The Workhuman Cloud empowers employees to thank, talk and celebrate each other, creating an environment that sparks gratitude and human connection while increasing employee engagement and productivity.

Workhuman is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees. We proudly provide a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Employment decisions at Workhuman are based on solely on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Workhuman believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.",4.1,"Workhuman
4.1",Texas,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
216,"Data Scientist, Product Development","$55k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Spokeo is a people search engine that both enlightens and empowers our customers. With over 12 billion records and 18 million visitors per month, we reconnect friends, reunite families, prevent fraud, and more.

We are looking for a Data Scientist, Product Development to join us in Pasadena, CA, and help us turn our vast repository of data into usable information leveraging solutions that include matching techniques, machine learning, and graph theory to resolve entities across disparate data sets. Ultimately, these entity relationships will be used to build models that will be incorporated into the Spokeo product suite. This is part of Spokeo's Data Operations Team and is not an analytics-based role.

Responsibilities:
Profiling, processing, and evaluating large structured and unstructured data sets.
Developing data-driven models.
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods.
Collaborating with product and engineering to understand the needs of the company and assisting with the development of innovative solutions to meet those needs.
Productionalizing and maintaining algorithms primarily focused on entity resolution, linking, and scoring.
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and quality assurance metrics to constantly track performance.
Keeping up to date with the latest technology trends.
Performing Ad-hoc analysis and presenting results.
Requirements:
Degree in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research, or other quantitative fields.
Minimum of 3 years of working experience in analytics, data mining, data visualization, and/or predictive modeling.
Proficiency in working with statistical tools (such as R, SAS), database query languages (SQL), and scripting languages (Python required).
Experience with Hadoop and NoSQL related technologies such as MapReduce, Spark, Hive, ElasticSearch, and DynamoDB.
Comfortable training and communicating complex ideas to non-technical audiences.
Demonstrated ability to lead and execute projects from start to finish.
Privacy Notice for Candidates: https://www.spokeo.com/recruiting-policy

Spokeo is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Spokeo fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best products and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.

Recruiters or staffing agencies: Spokeo is not obligated to compensate any external recruiter or search firm who presents a candidate or their resume or profile to a Spokeo employee without 1) a current, fully-executed agreement on file and 2) being assigned to the open position (as a search) via our applicant tracking solution.

]]>",3.6,"Spokeo
3.6","Pasadena, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
217,LEAD ENGINEER - SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SR. RESEARCH ENGINEER - UNMANNED SYSTEMS,"$76k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


What’s the next hardest challenge for autonomous vehicles? Join our Unmanned Systems Group and help drive our research forward. Provide technical leadership and innovation, project management, and business development support to our research and development projects and programs in areas like unmanned ground and aerial vehicles (UGVs and UAVs), automated material handling, connected and automated vehicles (CAVs), automated transit, and autonomous off-road vehicles for global commercial and government clients. Our 50-person team handles everything from small investigations of new sensors to multi-year development of complete autonomous systems. See some of them at https://ivs.swri.org. Lead internal and external research projects from ideation through proposal, capture, execution, and delivery. Maintain familiarity with both industry and academic research to ensure SwRI remains on the cutting edge of valuable near- and far-term technology and capability. Share your successes at global conferences and present to industry experts and your team.


Education/Experience:


Requires a B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, or a related engineering field with at least 7 years of research and development experience in robotics, autonomous systems, or a related field. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. We mostly work with vehicles, related experience is preferred. Excellent interpersonal skills and experience leading a technical team are required. You’ll need to lead your colleagues on your projects as well as help mentor junior engineers. Must be comfortable writing proposal performing business development activities. We’re looking for someone to take our research in new and challenging directions, including working with all levels of staff and being hands-on. Technical skills from programming (ROS is highly desired) to electrical and mechanical design will be very helpful and occasionally required. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
218,DOD Data Scientist/Engineer,"$94k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.

Responsibilities

In the position of Data Scientist, the incumbent will support the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) in a once-in-a-generation digital transformation, driving change and devising how data can be integrated, controlled, distributed, and accessed by programs, business units and operators across the enterprise. Guidehouse is seeking an enthusiastic data scientist with the desire to harness data through the application of data science principles, tools, and methods and to share this knowledge as a mentor and coach for others. The individual will support the NAVAIR Digital Group in establishing practical and applied data science practices at NAVAIR, and in solving complex problems that have data driven solutions. This individual will additionally mentor and instruct employees during this process with the goal or sharing their knowledge and growing the data science skill base in Southern Maryland at Patuxent River.

Qualifications

Security Clearance:

Must have an Active Secret Clearance or above.

Responsibilities

• Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.

• Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of data structures and metrics advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.

• Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess product improvement.

• Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.

Required Skills

2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician). Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL). +Experience with data modelling and analytics
Able to clearly communicate (speaking and writing) technical concepts to a non-technical audience + Experience with data engineering and data security practices
Experience managing, unifying, and automating dataflows from disparate sources

Required Experience

Bachelors Degree. Heavy preference given to Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Information Science, or a similar quantitative field or 7 years related work experience with Bachelors
2 to 4 years of programming experience with the ability to write / maintain scripts in Python (or other scripting languages)
Strong understanding of SQL
Working knowledge of data format conversion
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team.
Strong problem solving skills.
Ability to maintain a DOD Secret clearance throughout employment is required.

Desired experience

Experience working on agile programs
Experience with agile tools such as JIRA and Confluence
Understanding of cloud architecture + Experience working with NoSQL databases
2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).
Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).

Additional Requirements

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.

Disclaimer

About Guidehouse

Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.

Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.

If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.

Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.

Rewards and Benefits

Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.

Benefits include:

Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance

Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays

Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance

401(k) Retirement Plan

Basic Life & Supplemental Life

Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts

Short-Term & Long-Term Disability

Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities

Skills Development & Certifications

Employee Referral Program

Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach

Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program",3.5,"Guidehouse
3.5","Patuxent River, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
219,Data Architect,"$93k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Architect

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ Funding is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses to release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our creative and timely approach to providing working capital, along with our comprehensive accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ Funding is looking for a skilled and progressive Data Architect to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Architect will support database architects and engineers, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will that ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Responsibilities for Data Architect
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and assist in the implementation of data-focused internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Engineering and Data teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing LSQ products into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
1-3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with structured as well as unstructured datasets.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Below experience is preferred but not required:
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.",4.4,"LSQ
4.4","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
220,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"At Sisu, we're building a software platform that empowers people to make better decisions using data. Based on years of cutting-edge research at Stanford, Sisu enables users to quickly and comprehensively understand what’s driving their key metrics, so they never miss a window of opportunity to act.

Sisu leverages the massive amounts of data available within private, first-party data warehouses, which capture a real-time, structured view of organizational behavior. By monitoring the performance of key metrics like revenue, retention, and churn, and their relationships to interactions between key factors like user demographics, campaigns, and acquisition channels, we can help users make better decisions. The key problem Sisu solves is to help identify what’s driving change among this enormous feature and hypothesis space. To do so, we combine statistical analysis and machine learning at scale to provide users personalized, real-time diagnoses of changes in their metrics via an explainable, interpretable user interface.

As a machine learning engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to shape the future of machine learning on massive, structured data. Much like public search engines rely on sophisticated models for ranking and relevance over unstructured text, machine learning is integral to Sisu’s value proposition of ranking and highlighting key drivers behind metrics derived from structured data. These results inform our users on how to take action as their businesses are changing.

You will be responsible for investigating and developing state-of-the-art algorithms in Sisu’s large-scale streaming structured data context. ML engineers at Sisu deliver their features end-to-end, from Jupyter notebook prototypes to production in Rust.
Responsibilities
Deliver state-of-the-art, scalable algorithms to production for forecasting time series, personalized ranking, robust statistical analysis of key customer business metrics
Build and maintain the infrastructure for data and model management
Work closely with the Sisu design and engineering teams for ML-adjacent components, such as viz and data processing
Give talks, write blog posts, and produce peer-reviewed publications
Preferred Qualifications
Either 4+ years of professional experience with ML or quantitative analysis, or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or Physics
Proficiency with Python and experience with data processing tools (e.g., scipy, numpy, pandas, Pytorch, and Spark)
Competency with forecasting deadlines, modular design, testing, code review, and working with new codebases
Strong technical communication skills
Please note that this is a full-time, non-remote role based in San Francisco.

Sisu is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.",4.0,"Sisu Data
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
221,Senior Research Scientist – Security and Privacy,"$77k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","If you want to be not just on the cutting edge of technology but creating the cutting edge of technology, Riverside Research is the place for you. We are searching for an individual to join our Trusted and Resilient Systems research group to help shape a more secure future. This position provides maximum flexibility in pushing forward new ideas, new technology, and ground-breaking research. The team has ongoing research in security of machine learning, cryptography, hardware and hypervisor security solutions, as well as developing cutting edge solutions to the security of open architecture systems. The ideal person for this position is interested in broad areas of technology and can leverage their interests to develop and study creative solutions to some of the most difficult challenges. The current team resides in Riverside Research’s Beavercreek, OH, but we are willing to consider candidates that would prefer to work out of one of our Washington DC (Centerville or Crystal City) offices, our New York City office, or our Boston office.

Job Responsibilities:
•Conduct independent research in the area of security and privacy
•Publish and present research in conferences and journals
•Mentor junior researchers and interns
•Work with the team to identify future areas of research investment and develop research plans
•Author technical proposals

Qualifications:
•Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
•PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or similar or Master's degree Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering with five plus years experience in research.
•Proficiency with software development and revision control (Git)
•Ability to work independently and with a team
•Superior written and verbal communications skills

Desired Qualifications:

•Demonstrated publication record
•Experience with DARPA, IARPA, and government funded research

IND1
CA
Riverside Research strives to be one of America’s premier providers of independent, trusted technical and scientific expertise. As we continue to add experienced, technically astute staff, we are looking for highly motivated, talented team members that can help our DoD and Intelligence Community (IC) customers continue delivery of world class programs. As a not-for-profit, technology-oriented Defense Company, we believe service to customers and support of our staff is our mission. Our goal is to serve as a destination company by providing an industry-leading, positive, and rewarding employee experience for all who join us. We aspire to be a valued partner to our customers and to earn their trust through our unwavering commitment to achieve timely, innovative, cost-effective and mission-focused solutions.

All positions at Riverside Research are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.",3.4,"Riverside Research
3.4","Beavercreek, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1967,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
222,Claims Data Scientist,-1,"About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary
As a Claims Data Scientist at ConcertAI, you will be responsible for data exploration, and analysis on patient data for various stakeholders in the oncology and healthcare domain, including claims and claims-clinical linked data assets. You will report to the Vice President of Data Products. You should have a good mix of programming/CS, visualization, stats/math, and ML skills (with a particular strength in at least 2 of those areas), and ideally, you have been applying those skills in healthcare. You should have previous experience with healthcare claims. You will design methods and models around client driven needs and you will collaborate with various subject matter experts to inform those methods. You will assist the client delivery team with insights, dashboards, and ad-hoc analytics. You will also work with the engineering team to build prototypes and models for new product development.
Responsibilities
Understand external claims data assets and oversee the ingestion, processing, de-identification, and provisioning for data assets and research projects.
Understand client / product needs and translate them into tactical R&D initiatives with defined goals and timelines.
Reason about healthcare specific problems to analyze visualize, interpret, and contextualize results.
Run a variety of analytics from data QA to complex models.
Become the internal subject matter expert on all things claims.
Implement models using high level software packages (SKlearn, R, TensorFlow, Spark).
Collaborate on software projects with engineers, providing analytical guidance and contributing to codebase.
Requirements
BSc or higher in a STEM field, with formal training in CS, stats, and math.
Strong programming abilities in at least one high level language (python, stata, R).
Knowledge of statistical methods- regression, ANOVA, EDA, PCA, etc.
Basic visualization skills- matplotlib/seaborn/plotly/etc, tableau.
Experience with big data – Cloud data warehouses, cluster computing, Spark, MapReduce/Hadoop.
Experience with healthcare claims data
Intimate familiarity with the python data science stack (pandas, sklearn, numpy/scipy).
Firm understanding of claims data processing and adjudication, including rejections, re-submissions, and identifying final claims.
Ideal candidate would have a competency around linking EMR and claims data via identity management.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .",3.6,"ConcertAI
3.6",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
223,Digital Data Scientist,"$50k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","WHY WE WILL LOVE YOU

• Knowledge of data set processes for data modeling, mining and production, as well as visualization tools including Tableau
• Knowledge of at least one building block of artificial intelligence
• Knowledge of machine learning development languages including R and/or Python and other developments in a fast moving data technology landscape e.g. Hive or Hadoop
• Knowledge of DevOps and agile development practices
• Exposure to development of industrialized analytical software products
• Knowledge of IKEAs corporate identity, core values and vision of creating a better everyday life for the many people
• Passionate about the possibilities of data and its value for business
• Deeply motivated to continuously develop and enhance programming skills and knowledge of machine learning and AI applications
• Energized by working both independently and interdependently with the architecture network and cross functions
• Appreciate the mix of strategic thinking and turning architecture trends into practice
• Share and live the IKEA culture and values

QUALIFICATIONS

• Proven training in computer engineering, computer science, econometrics, mathematics or equivalent
• Experience and knowledge of working with large datasets and distributed computing architectures
• Knowledge of coding in R and/or Python and development of artificial intelligence applications
• Experience in statistical analysis and statistical software
• Experience in data processing and analysis
• Experience in working in an Agile or DevOps working set-up
• Experience in software engineering
• Knowledge of IKEA Brand, culture, values and way of working

WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING DAY TO DAY

• Performs work with care, accuracy, and attention to detail and strives to meet quality standards
• Ability to work with large amounts of raw data and feel comfortable with working with different programming languages
• High intellectual curiosity with ability to develop new knowledge and skills and use new concepts, methods, digital systems and processes to improve performance
• Ability to provide input to user-story prioritization as appropriate based on new ideas, approaches, and strategies
• Collaborates with others (incl. virtual) to achieve goals
• Ability to understand the complexity of IKEA business and the role of data and information as an integrated part of the business
• Develop the business and deliver results
• Lead and develop people

We’re the ones who make it possible for people to have a smarter life at home and a hassle-free and rewarding shopping experience. Together we work to find new digital solutions for every business need to help make IKEA a great and efficient place to work. We like to think of ourselves as innovative and modern, and we believe that nothing would actually work without us.

Some other stuff

Travel required: Less than 10%",3.6,"IKEA
3.6","Conshohocken, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1943,Company - Private,Home Furniture & Housewares Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
224,Senior Data Engineer,"$89k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data Engineer at Guild, you'll work across teams to help us build the next generation of data products. You'll work with world class data engineers to design and build the scalable, robust, and high-quality data infrastructure and data pipelines needed to support growth of our education network and SaaS platform. Ultimately, you'll help change the landscape for how we think about delivering education products to learners across the country by building a digital solution that connects students, employers, and universities to deliver education at an affordable price to students.

A day in our open, collaborative workspace might look like:
Designing, building, and expanding Guild's backend data infrastructure, including data pipelines, ETL, data ingestion, data APIs, and data warehouses
Building APIs that can be used internally or externally to serve crucial information across systems, partners, and teams
Translating complex business requirements into usable, scalable data models and systems
Mentoring other engineers and analysts on the team and sharing technical knowledge to enable others to be more effective at their jobs
In this role, you'll expand your expertise by:
Evolving our data products now and in the future by contributing to our backend data architecture
Working in an agile team environment with a high performing engineering team
Taking on a cross-functional role that will expose you to the ins and outs of Guild (working with our Product, Design, Client Success, and Student Services teams)
Receiving feedback through our learning-focused, twice annual Structured Growth Conversations
You'll know if you're successful by:
Choosing and leveraging the latest technologies in data engineering to automate data integration and loading, such as, Amazon Redshift, Redis, Java, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Python, S3 and PostgreSQL
Leveraging your experience to design solutions that will be the backbone of a highly scalable, reusable, backend data infrastructure
Ensuring our data is clean, accurate, and secure
Thriving in fast-paced and scaling environment
You'll join a team:
From diverse backgrounds – from traditional higher education, to athletic coaches, to politicians, to mental health professionals (and more!)
Of learners & problem-solvers dedicated to our dual mission of changing education in America while building a successful, high-growth company
Committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment that you'd support every day
What you'll add to Guild – as an individual and part of the broader team:
Experience building data pipelines, custom ETL processes and data warehouses
Experience with one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, or Scala
Expertise in database technologies such as Redshift, PostgreSQL, Redis, and working with large sets of data
Experience deploying solutions to cloud technology services such as Amazon Web Services
Experience improving software products through engineering best practices such as refactoring, reusability, TDD and continuous integration
A proven ability to thrive in changing environments by having a fast, flexible, cooperative work style
Strong communication skills and the ability to effectively explain technical concepts to other engineers, analysts, product managers, and stakeholders.
Experience with BI tools such as Looker, Tableau, Kibana, Chart.io, etc.
Basic experience in statistical analysis, text processing, and machine learning
Passion for higher education and our mission – Guild is pioneering a new path for education as a benefit in a complicated and regulated space – success means quickly and effectively adapting your expertise
A drive to work hard and plan for how you can refresh/recharge while working in a startup
Something else? Wonderful, we're curious to learn more about you!
About Guild:

Guild is increasing economic mobility for working adults by partnering with the largest employers in the country to offer education as a benefit to their employees via our marketplace of nonprofit universities and education institutions. Guild's proprietary technology platform facilitates the administration of this innovative benefit and our team of coaches helps each employee navigate the path back to school, providing individualized support from day one through program completion.

We also just became the latest female-led company to hit a $1billion valuation and the only B-corp with those qualifications. Our Series D round was led by Ken Chenault, General Catalyst Partners chairman and former CEO of AMEX, and joined by Emerson Collective, LeadEdge Capital, and Iconiq.

Guild Education is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",3.5,"Guild Education
3.5","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
225,Data Scientist Principal,"$98k-$156k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Schneider is seeking an innovative Principal Data Scientist to join our Engineering team. Our Principal Data Scientists, foster thought leadership in analytics and decision sciences to elevate the performance of the enterprise. You will proactively evaluate new technologies and identify industry best practices, while leveraging our existing processes and technical capabilities to deliver exceptional results.

Our Principal Data Scientists:
Foresee future challenges and provide perspective and insight on how to best position the department and enterprise for success.
Represent Schneider as a thought leader within the industry and academia through symposiums, annual meetings and partnerships.
Design, collaborate and implement solutions and new proof of concepts using new and existing technologies.
Mentor junior associates and collaborate with diverse departments to frame and solve business opportunities.
Oversee external relationships with software vendors to influence product functionality and our academic partners to influence curriculum design.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Ideal candidates will have:
Earned a PhD degree in Data or Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Economics, Mathematics, or related field, plus eight years of relevant work experience. Or a master’s degree plus ten years of relevant work experience.
Proficient understanding in designing and implementing data science models using open source as well as commercial programming languages.
A demonstrated ability to understand the uses and limitations of statistical and programming methodologies to select the appropriate methodology to complete projects.
Experience working with Java and/or Python.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.
Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com.

Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
226,Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track,"$60k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track

Job Title

Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track

Job
ID

27241005

Duration

Location

Columbia,

MD

Other Location

Description

Dynamic, Fast-growing, Entrepreneurial Data Science Solutions Company seeking data Scientists! If you’ve got entrepreneurial spirit and passion, are driven by results, and want to be a part of significant growth, we’re looking for you!

BLEND360 is a multi-award winning Marketing Company who is privileged to provide our services to some of the most respected and recognized brands in the world. At BLEND360 it is all about advancing our clients marketing capabilities and performance.

If you are ready to ignite the fire for digital marketing and join our team, please keep reading!

*************************************************************************************

Our Data Science All Stars Program is a 6-month consultant training program for master’s graduates in Analytics, Statistics, and other quantitative programs. Participants will have the opportunity to learn from top Data Scientists, work on real-world analytics projects, and gain experience with Fortune 500 clients across a variety of verticals. They will work alongside our Data Scientists to get data into proper shape, perform statistical analyses and develop predictive models to solve our clients’ business problems.

The primary objective of this program is to develop participants into productive, client engaged BLEND360 employees and set the foundation to build a fast track career in one of 4 areas:

Data Science

Data Engineering

Marketing- Adobe Cloud

Marketing Analytics .

The All-star focused on Data Science will receive internal training on tools, technology platforms (R, SQL, Excel) and modeling processes, learn how to apply theory to actual client project work, and hone business skills and applications of Data Science skills on business problems.

The four main areas of training will be:
Analytical methods
Technology programs and platforms
Data management and analysis
Business applications and approaches
The Details:
Location: Columbia, MD
Travel: Up to 25% (could be as much as 30% - 40% depending on projects)
Duration:Full-time
Benefits:Health, Vision, Dental, 401K plan, Life Insurance, Pretax Commuter Benefits, and an incredibly supportive team cheering you on!
Desired Qualifications:
MS degree in Business Analytics, Statistics, Math, or another quantitative discipline
Previous Data Science or Analytical experience or internships
Knowledge of predictive modeling and statistical analysis, as well as machine learning, text mining, geo-spatial analytics, time series forecasting, or optimization
Experience with one or more Advanced Data Science software languages such as R, Python, MATLAB, SAS, Java, or PHP
Experience with structured or un-structured data analysis tools such as SQL, Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Hive, Pig, etc.
Experience with Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, or other digital analytics tools a plus",4.5,"Blend360
4.5","Columbia, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
227,Senior Data Scientist,"$136k-$225k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview

Imagine if we could match patients with the treatments that prove the most effective for them . . .
GNS Healthcare applies a powerful form of AI called causal machine learning to predict which treatments and care management programs will work for which patients, improving individual patient outcomes and the health of populations while reducing the total cost of care.

Headquartered in the biotechnology and health IT center of Cambridge, MA, our patented REFS technology is based on recent breakthroughs in causal machine learning and AI that transforms massive quantities of patient data into computer models of disease at molecular, patient, and health system levels. These computer models power up solutions, products, and services that health plans, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems, and patient foundations utilize to slow disease progression, reduce adverse events and hospitalization, and improve therapeutic effectiveness. Our platforms and solutions have been validated across more than 45 diseases including oncology, cardiovascular and metabolic disease, autoimmune diseases, neurology, etc. and have appeared in over 50 peer-reviewed publications.

Position Summary

The Senior Data Scientist will join a dynamic team responsible for start-to-finish work on the analysis and interpretation of real-world datasets using GNSs powerful cloud-based analytics platform. We are looking for someone who thrives working in a fast-paced, exciting, and collaborative environment in one of the most cutting-edge industries where big data analytics meets healthcare. You will help manage real world data, as well as create and interpret data-frames for modeling and analysis. You will collaborate with our research scientists to carry out analysis projects using our proprietary, supercomputer-powered Bayesian network modeling and simulation platform, and will synthesize these results into meaningful reports for clients and product development.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with internal research teams and clients to evaluate study design, define research questions, design data frames, write statistical analysis plans/study protocols, conduct analyses, and participate in the full research process, including client presentation and publication
Communicate highly technical results and methods clearly to clients, discuss how to incorporate information into their processes, and achieve high client satisfaction
Troubleshoot with clients and internal stakeholders to refine and optimize models
Provide scientific communications to peer-reviewed journals and publications
Develop data frames of high complexity while adhering to a project-based timeline
Perform data manipulations and develop algorithms on multi-data sets that create the analytic files necessary to support analyses.
Consult on how to use data to perform predictive and causal modeling using both proprietary and off-the-shelf tools.
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:
Masters Degree in a quantitative discipline or equivalent practical experience
3-5 years of experience working with advanced ML techniques, probability theory, Bayesian analysis, or causal inference methods
Experience working with biomedical data/ population health data, EHR or claims data
Demonstrated experience working with programming languages R and SQL
Strong written and verbal communication; an ability to communicate technical material to non-technical audiences simply and clearly and collaborate well on a team
Strong drive for problem solving, especially around data frame construction and interpretation
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with large, complex, or unstructured data requiring post-processing to use effectively
Familiarity with the UNIX and cluster computing environment
Company Culture

Our philosophy at GNS is simple: we cannot transform healthcare with anything less than an all-star team. We are seeking smart, driven people who are experts in their field, have a track record of success and a passion for creating change. We believe that strong teams supercharge the performance of individuals, create a fun and dynamic workplace and great results for our clients and the people they serve.

We are passionate about our work and believe in the ability of our technology to change the world. Our core values of integrity, collaboration, value, diversity, and game-changing guide our behaviors with each other and our clients.

GNS offers competitive salaries, stock options, unlimited vacation, health, dental and vision insurance, life insurance, long-term disability, 401(k), generous parental leave, tuition reimbursement, professional development, subsidized parking and gym membership, tasty food, volunteering opportunities, social gatherings, and more.

Equal Employment Opportunity

GNS Healthcare provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or conditions related to pregnancy, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GNS Healthcare complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

Powered by JazzHR",3.0,"GNS Healthcare
3.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
228,Data Analyst - Logistics,"$35k-$64k
(Glassdoor Est.)","You will like working for us as we have amazing people and a highly collaborative culture. Global success hasn’t changed our tight-knit feel – we’ve simply grown into a larger, more diverse family. We have thousands of jobs around the globe and encourage all of our associates to chase their dreams without having to find them in another company – it truly is a special place.

Under the direction of Director, North America Logistics, this position is responsible for managing and creating spend analysis, operations reports, and compliance tracking for assigned Logistics Strategic and Tactical metrics globally. This position is responsible for spend for all assigned plants and transportation suppliers. Responsible for creating and monitoring daily, weekly, monthly, and summary data and reporting output , management reports, and recommendations in regards to those reports. This position ensures the accuracy, distribution, and integrity of the data using a diverse set of business intelligence tools.

Key Responsibilities:
Design and run reports for improved spend visibility, compliance and identification of productivity opportunities Distribute reports to senior leaders, division general managers, Supply Management and others as needed
Evaluate, implement and deploy new tools to assist in data analytics, market research and other aspects of data analysis
Proactively identify and lead process improvements to data analysis and reporting processes across area of responsibility
Lead data mining required for accurate spend reporting.
Coordinate data maintenance required for Oracle Freight Transportation Intelligence.
Perform routine spend analysis in support of Supply Management / Logistics sourcing events.
Provide summary and detail trend analysis of spend globally.
Develop and provide reporting for both internal and end customers.
Develop and conduct routine data audits to verify data accuracy. Identify and address root causes of problems with data integrity.
Ensure linkage of tools with effective Supply Management and Logistics practices.
Actively participate in training for Oracle OTM / FTI.
Train user in freight transportation intelligence.
Actively participates and engage with business units.
This position is in a perfect location at our corporate headquarters in Hartsville, SC and close to exciting destinations (Myrtle Beach, SC; Charleston, SC; Columbia, SC and Charlotte, NC).

Required Experience/Education:
Bachelor's degree preferred
2+ years of Data Analysis experience and aptitude
Preferred Experience/Education:
Knowledge of Oracle transportation management or similar TMS.
Prior experience on logistics.
Experience using business intelligence tools.
This is a progression experience and level will be based on candidate experience and business needs.

We care about the health and wellness of you and your family. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package that makes it easier to manage your health and provide financial security for you and your family. In addition, we offer competitive wages and retirement plans.

Apply today and help us grow stronger.

For more information, visit www.sonoco.com/careers

#LI-JF1

#GDSponsored

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any legally protected characteristic.",4.0,"Sonoco Products
4.0","Hartsville, SC",-1,10000+ Employees,1899,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
229,"Senior Scientist, Machine Learning","$132k-$227k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Do you want to be part of a growing data organization that is helping to shape the game experiences of millions of players? Niantic, the developer of Pokémon GO and Harry Potter: Wizards Unite is looking for a Senior Scientist with the creativity, leadership, and experience to develop meaningful Machine Learning science and game interventions for all our popular titles. Work closely with other scientists, engineers, and product managers to design and deploy machine learning models that elevate gameplay in Niantic's AR driven games where the real world becomes our game board.

Responsibilities
Conceive, design, lead the development, and bring into production new, end-to-end Machine Learning models and associated interventions for personalizing and tuning current and future global games.
Apply a high degree of scientific rigor and real world pragmatism in all your work, particularly to quantify the impact of features on relevant engagement metrics.
Mentor other scientists to grow their skills, create a collaborative environment, and employ tools and methodologies to test, revise, and improve models.
Lead by example: promote deep scientific expertise, constant learning, attention to detail, and an intimate relationship with the data while always being friendly, humble, and open to challenging any assumptions.
Collaborate with data engineers, product managers, and marketing to coordinate timely deployments from conception to release.
Qualifications
Successful candidate will have a PhD in Statistics, Machine Learning, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, or a related field, or equivalent experience. A minimum of 4 years of real-world experience developing and deploying machine learning models, preferably in a gaming context.
Strong command of statistics and the science underpinning machine learning techniques and able to defend choices with math as well as real-world tradeoffs.
Expert in ML models for classification, regression, and clustering; experience with production neural networks.
Demonstrated experience with large scale data processing (e.g. BigQuery, Spark, Hive, DataFlow/Beam).
Flexible with tools and programming languages (Python, Java, Scala, Go) and able to learn new technologies quickly.
Plus If...
Knowledge of real-time optimization models with delayed reward (multi-armed bandits, reinforcement learning).
Industry experience developing recommender systems for personalized game predictions or similar.
Experience applying ML models in mobile games, particularly at scale.
Experience working with business stakeholders - understanding and proving impact, resourcing, and schedules.
Join the Niantic team!


Niantic is the world's leading AR technology company, sparking creative and engaging journeys in the real world. Our products inspire outdoor exploration, exercise, and meaningful social interaction.

Originally formed at Google in 2011, we became an independent company in 2015 with a strong group of investors including Nintendo, The Pokémon Company, and Alsop Louie Partners. Our current titles include pioneering global-control game Ingress, record-breaking AR game Pokémon GO, and recently released third title, Harry Potter: Wizards Unite.

Niantic is an Equal Opportunity employer. We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.

We're a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Bellevue, Los Angeles, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, and Zurich.",4.2,"Niantic
4.2","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
230,Business Data Analyst (Mortgage Operations),"$41k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","First Midwest, with assets over $20 billion, is the premier relationship-based banking franchise in the dynamic Chicagoland banking market. As one of the Chicago metropolitan area's largest independent bank holding companies, First Midwest provides the full range of commercial, retail banking, and wealth management services through some 120+ offices located in communities in metropolitan Chicago, Northwest Indiana, Central and Western Illinois, Eastern Iowa, and Southeast Wisconsin.

POSITION SUMMARY:

Working collaboratively with the management team, this position is responsible for creating and managing key periodic reports and ad hoc analyses in support of defined business objectives. This role will also champion the development and implementation of key initiatives within the line of business.

REQUIRED EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS:
Bachelor’s degree preferred in some business discipline
5 years banking or related experience preferred
Advanced analysis and reporting experience required
In-depth knowledge of industry operating rules preferred
Ability to implement new procedures in response to, and in anticipation of, changes in the business environment desired
Possesses and applies comprehensive problem solving abilities for complex issues
High proficiency and analytical skills using Microsoft Office Suite of products required. Access Database and Excel graphing skills a plus.
Experience with financial reports and Falcon risk analytics a plus
Client focus and project management skills are required with an aptitude for creating operational efficiencies and positive client experiences
Demonstrated written and oral communication skills
Strong interpersonal skills
DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work collaboratively with the leadership team on the identification, development and ongoing refinement of periodic reports.
Proactively identify opportunities in support of defined business objectives by developing in-depth analyses.
Support the line of business data collection and distribution needs by working collaboratively with internal and external partners as needed.
Support the development and implementation of key initiatives within the line of business and maintain analytics related to impacts.
Assists in monthly planning, loss analysis, forecasting and variance reporting.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here and Supplement here.",3.5,"First Midwest Bank
3.5","Gurnee, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1940,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
231,Senior Software Engineer (Data),-1,"Second Measure is building products that leverage de-identified transaction data to help companies better understand consumer spend behavior and propensities, and help investors understand companies' performance, and consumer spend shifts. We apply advanced data science techniques on large, complex data sets to ensure the highest quality of data and insights.

As a senior data engineer at Second Measure, you will be a critical technical contributor in the team responsible for building, managing data pipelines, and enriching transaction data. Your architectural guidance will allow pipelines to run reliably, to process billions of transactions, and to provide daily updates, so that our high-value clients can formulate their marketing and investment strategies.

In this role, you'll:
Collaborate with data scientists to implement novel data corrections to the data.
Partner with our product team to explore new ways of combining multiple types of data to gain better consumer insights.
Develop high-quality new features (70% hands-on design/coding/development/delivery, 30% mentoring junior engineers on the team).
Proactively identify and remove challenging performance bottlenecks.
About you:
Proven track record (5+ years) delivering high-quality systems built using Scala, Spark, Hive, and Presto
Experience working with data pipelines, event-driven architecture
Experience with container and orchestration frameworks (Docker, Kubernetes)
Ability to identify Product MVPs and build fast
Intolerance for sloppy code
Solid understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals
Nice-to-have:
Experience building innovative solutions under flux and constraints
Understanding of FinTech systems
Familiarity with Terraform, Argo Workflows
Our Tech Stack/Development Tools:

S3, Hive Metastore, Spark, Presto, AWS SNS, SQS, EKS, ECR, Batch Terraform, Helm, Prometheus, Grafana, Go, Python, Scala, Redshift, Waggledance, Argo, Github, CircleCI, Docker

Have questions about why/how we use these? Let's talk!

Working at Second Measure:
Highly competitive compensation, systematized to promote fairness and break down traditional gender, race, and age pay gaps
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits for employees and their families
401(k) with company matching (up to 4% of annual salary)
Unlimited paid time off and flexible work arrangements
Generous paid parental leave
Pre-tax FSAs and commuter benefits
Life insurance, disability plans, and legal assistance
*Note on remote ability:

We are all working from home at least through 2020 to keep our team safe and healthy. We hope to (at some point) to work from our San Mateo, CA HQ or NYC office in some capacity in 2021 and it would be great if you are based in the Bay Area or NYC. That said, we are open to remote on a permanent basis, granted you would need to be based in one of the following states: AL, CA, CO, IL, NJ, NY, or WA.",4.9,"Second Measure
4.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
232,"Translational Data Scientist, Oncology Data Science","$77k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","1 purpose...to reimagine medicine!

The Oncology Data Science (OncDS) group in NIBR brings together projects spanning the entire clinical development pipeline, across a wide and unique range of novel therapeutics (e.g.: targeted and immunotherapies, radioligands, cell and gene therapies). OncDS:
•Oversees NGS data generation and performs analysis for thousands of oncology clinical samples, informing drug discovery and development
•Integrates internal and external data across distinct clinical trials to produce recognized translational impact
•Applies cutting-edge technologies and analytic approaches to discover and characterize the molecular mechanisms of therapeutic response in individual cancer patients

Description:
We are seeking a data scientist who will advance the translation of multi-dimensional molecular data (e.g. NGS) to biomarker discovery in clinical trials. The successful candidate will nurture close collaborations with oncology clinical trial teams, interpret candidate biomarkers and contribute to large-scale meta-analyses across trials and indications. Specific job responsibilities include:
•Collaboration on the design and execution of molecular biomarker profiling studies in oncology clinical trials
•Exploration of molecular data in the context of clinical variables to discover biomarkers of response/resistance to therapy
•Communication of key findings to trial teams and diverse group of scientists
•Application of biostatistics and machine learning methods across datasets from multiple clinical trials to gain actionable biological insights
•Application and development of computational methods for analyses of longitudinal biomarker and clinical data to characterize patients’ response to treatment
•Development of innovative analytic approaches to integrate and visualize complex clinical datasets
•Interaction with clinicians, project managers, data engineers, and other scientists to facilitate progression of projects across milestones

Desirable Requirements:
•PhD, or M.S with 3-4 years of experience, in bioinformatics, biostatistics, genomics, computer science, or related field
•Track record of peer-reviewed publications demonstrating statistical and analytic rigor when tackling multidimensional omics datasets
•Expertise in machine learning and longitudinal data analysis preferred
•Knowledge of cancer genomics, immunology / immune-oncology, clinical and translational science preferred. Knowledge of RWE is a plus
•Programming expertise with fluency in one or more programming languages for bioinformatics and data science analyses such as R or Python
•Effective communication of complex concepts to diverse audiences
•Curiosity, creativity and drive towards solutions when facing scientific challenges

Why consider Novartis?
799 million. That’s how many lives our products touched in 2019. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?

We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.

Imagine what you could do at Novartis!

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:
Novartis embraces diversity, equal opportunity and inclusion. We are committed to building diverse teams, representative of the patients and communities we serve, and we strive to create an inclusive workplace that cultivates bold innovation through collaboration, and empowers our people to unleash their full potential.

The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
233,Lead Data Scientist,"$111k-$178k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At the intersection of technology, science, business and sports, Strivr offers an end-to-end, VR-based immersive learning platform that changes the way people around the world train, learn and perform. With a mission to elevate performance through immersive experience, we are redefining an industry in real time and shaping the future of learning.

Strivr was founded in 2015 out of Stanford University’s Virtual Human Interaction Lab, using the football field as our proving ground. Since then, we have quickly expanded from the athlete to the enterprise, partnering with leading Fortune 500 companies including Walmart, Verizon and Fidelity to innovate and elevate employee development.

More than just content inside a headset, immersive learning provides realistic, high-impact experiences driven by L&D experts, instructional designers, data scientists, and immersive content specialists. Strivr offers the only end-to-end solution available today, bringing together the software, hardware, content and services needed to deliver effective training at scale.

Recognized by Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies of 2019 and 2020, we take pride in our passion for innovation and we use that energy to fuel our work. Our culture thrives on teamwork, grit, transparency and impact, and celebrates every win. It’s an exciting time to join our fast growing team!

At Strivr, our Data Science team develops cutting-edge techniques to improve people’s performance in the real world based on their experiences in the virtual world. As a Data Scientist at Strivr, you will be at the forefront of defining approaches to Immersive Data Science and will be evaluating and optimizing user experience in the virtual world.

Your responsibilities:
Develop innovative approaches to measuring user behavior and evaluating performance in the virtual environment
Collaborate with partners such as Engineering and Solutions teams to instrument the data collection process and build ETL pipelines to obtain data required for your analyses
Implement approaches and communicate insights in a compelling narrative
Incorporate your research outcomes into the data product offering
Minimum Qualifications:
5+ years of industry experience as a Data Scientist
An advanced degree in a quantitative field (e.g Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering)
Experience developing and implementing in-depth approaches, including statistical and econometric analyses and/or ML models
Experience building ETL pipelines
Proficiency with Python (or R), and SQL
Strong communication skills
Passion for using data to improve immersive experiences",4.5,"Strivr
4.5","Palo Alto, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
234,Supply Chain Solution - Data Scientist,"$68k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*CURRENT EMPLOYEES :
Please click here to be redirected to the internal career site.
Job Description


The Supply Chain Solution – Data Scientist will be based in Austin, TX. In this role you will be responsible for creating reports using a variety of tools and methods.

We are looking for someone who demonstrates:
Intense collaboration
Passionate customer focus
Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
Relentless drive to win
Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do…
Use various analytical techniques including visualization, statistical methods, machine learning/AI to create scalable solutions for business problems
Translate Supply Chain business problems and questions into specific quantitative questions to be answered w/ available data using robust methodologies. In many cases, the data collection at scale will be part of the task and may involve co-work with software development team
Coordinate and perform testing on data quality and solutions
Analyze and extract relevant information from big data to help automate and optimize key processes
Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation
Research and implement novel machine learning and statistical approaches
Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings to stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information
Build scalable prototype analytics solutions
Work closely with software development/engineering teams to build model implementations and integrate successful models and algorithms in production systems at scale
Here is some of what you’ll need (required)…
Minimum 4 years’ experience with R
Demonstrated skill and experience of data analysis within open source scripting languages (e.g. R, Python)
Strong experience with SQL and working with relational databases (SQL Server, Teradata, MySQL etc.)
Strong demonstrated knowledge of applied statistical and machine learning methods
Experience with XML, JSON data formats, working with REST API’s, SVN/Git or other version control tools and techniques
Experience with Tableau in dashboard development, deployment and administration
Demonstrated ability to manage projects and implementation of solutions/applications
Effective written and oral communication skills, team player
Here are some nice to have’s…
Master’s degree in STEM field/Operations Research/Data Science/Supply Chain
Work experience in Supply Chain/Manufacturing
Be able to present quantitative results in the right context to various target audiences
Experience within the RStudio ecosystem (Shiny dashboards and applications, Plumber API’s, RStudio Connect)
Experience working with non-relational databases like MongoDB
Experience of deploying ML applications on platforms like Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google Cloud preferred
Demonstrated experience in business applications of distributed computing (e.g. MapReduce, HIVE, HADOOP)
Demonstrated capability in building scalable analytical solutions
Experience in ownership of solutions – life-cycle, roadmap, implementation, business value generation
Portfolio of data science projects on Github.com, RPubs.com etc.
Knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Demonstrated ability to communicate and influence executives and upper management
Here are a few examples of what you’ll get for the great work you provide…
Full range of medical benefits, dental, vision
Life Insurance
Matching 401K
PTO
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee discounts at local retailers
Job Category
Global Procurement & Supply Chain

Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accesibility@flextronics.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.

The information we collect:

We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy Notice.

If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:

Global Data Privacy Officer:

Email Address: chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com",3.8,"Flex
3.8","Austin, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
235,Sr Data Science Analyst,"$103k-$166k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary
The Sr. Data Science Analyst operates as an internal consultant, finding solutions to the most critical organizational challenges in a fast-paced health care environment, leading to improved patient outcomes and performance for our business partners. The challenges that are complex from a methodology or business perspective are frequently the types of projects that this role tackles.
Reponsibilities
Successfully guide Data Science projects from concept to completion as a combination of Data Science subject matter expert, project manager, and business analyst.
Perform Research and Development to generate new products and/or ways to use our data to improve patient outcomes.
Translate identified business challenges or opportunities into actionable project efforts with defined scope and goals.
Create visual concepts/mockups that foster a shared understanding of business challenges or opportunities.
Coalescing stakeholders toward reasonable project objectives that address the most pressing challenges of our business.
Collaborate and coordinate with clinical, business, IT and engineering partners in the design and development of products that address key business challenges using internal and/or external data.
Effectively communicate the practical nature of the results of various analyses to business stakeholders using illustrations and practical language.
Pilot a proposed solution to demonstrate its effectiveness and/or suggest improvements.
Create reports documenting key findings, observations, outcomes, and/or recommendations clearly.
Develop, document and maintain code in a clear and reproducible manner.
Perform other duties and responsibilities as required, assigned, or requested.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Business Information Systems, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related technical field required; advanced degree preferred
5+ years of experience in analytics role
3+ years of experience with SQL; fluent in basic operators, joins, date and character functions;
3+ years of experience with R or Python, particularly with ggplot/matplotlib, statistics and analytics packages
3+ years of experience addressing practical business challenges in a Data Science/Analytics role
Professional experience as a project/program manager and/or business analyst preferred
Certifications in Data Science, Health Information Technology, Lean, Six Sigma, project management and/or business analysis a plus
Experience with RegEx, RShiny, R Markdown, Atlassian suite (Jira, Bitbucket, Concurrence), MS Excel (particularly pivot tables) and MS Access (VBA) preferred
Results-oriented mentality, capable of fluidly moving between roles and projects.
Team-first orientation, thriving in a collaborative, team-based work environment.
Self-starter mindset with desire to learn on an ongoing basis.
Problem-solver mentality – one who finds creative solutions instead of accepting obstacles as fixed.
Prioritization skills that allow one to cope well with ambiguity, changing requirements, dynamic scope, competing objectives and changes in direction
Willingness to lead the charge to change assumptions, risks and issues into reasonable project direction
Inquisitive nature and reasonable degree of comfort in asking tough questions when needed
Ability to accept and internalize coaching guidance
Willingness to adapt to approaches that meet stakeholder needs
Solid facilitator skillset – one who can align a room full of stakeholders with competing interests toward a narrow set of key objectives
Ability to tell stories through pictures and whiteboarding, often off-the-cuff
Ability to alter communication styles effectively for stakeholders varying from Specialists to C-Suite
Ability to serve as a liaison between business, clinical and IT professionals
Willingness to unearth, track and resolve the detail-level challenges that frequently derail project efforts
Conceptual understanding of Big Data methods
Ability to identify trends or correlations between factors and responses using methods such as trend analysis, regression modeling, clustering, principal components analysis and various feature engineering methods
Ability to conduct designed experiments to establish cause-effect relationships, as well as optimization experiments
Honesty, integrity, and emotional intelligence
Working knowledge of classical statistical / hypothesis testing techniques.
Experience with geospatial analytics platforms, particularly Esri, a plus
Experience with visualization tools, including Tableau, a plus
Experience with prototype development and/or UI/UX Design a plus
Experience with other programming languages and data exchange formats (Java, C#, XML, JSON) a plus
Experience with deep learning (particularly Tensorflow or other GPU-based) a plus
Experience with Natural Language Processing a plus
Experience with automated machine learning (H20, DataRobot) a plus
Experience with big data environments and methodologies (NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Hadoop) a plus",3.6,"naviHealth, Inc.
3.6","Brentwood, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
236,Medical Laboratory Scientist or Medical Lab Tech / Lab Core,"$13-$27 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","We’re searching for a Medical Laboratory Scientist, performs patient laboratory testing, instrument calibration, maintenance troubleshooting, quality control testing, and equipment function verification in the areas of Hematology, Microscopy, Coagulation, Chemistry, Microbiology, Virology and Serology. Reports and interprets laboratory test results. Advises and consults with the Medical Staff, nursing staff, and laboratory staff.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Performs laboratory tests on patient specimens in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Microscopy, Coagulation, Microbiology, Virology and Serology to assist in identifying medical disorders and to monitor ongoing patient therapy.
Utilizes LIS for reporting patient results, documenting quality control and distribution of data.
Checks instrument calibration and reagent reactivity by assaying quality control specimens to assure accurate patient test results.
Evaluates results of patient testing, quality control and survey testing, takes appropriate action to prevent compromises in patient care.
Participates throughout the calendar year in proficiency testing.
Performs troubleshooting, function checks and maintenance procedures to keep equipment and instruments in proper working order.
Maintains adequate inventory levels and stocking of supplies and reagents.
Supports new staff in training as necessary.
Prepares specimens to be sent to referral laboratories and reports test results as they are returned.
Consults with physicians, nurses and other healthcare professionals concerning requested services and test results.
Performs the duties of Charge Technologist as stated in the Policies and Procedures Manual when assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in Medical Laboratory Science or related science, which includes a one-year internship in an approved clinical laboratory required.

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS

Current and valid Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLS) or equivalent certification with the American Society of Clinical Pathology or other equivalent certifying agency required, within 6 months of hire.

EOE/Vets/Disabled

ref 9809

We’re searching for a Medial Lab Technician, under the direction of a Medical Laboratory Scientist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech performs patient laboratory testing, instrument calibration, maintenance troubleshooting, quality control testing, and equipment function verification in the areas of Hematology, Microscopy, Coagulation, Chemistry, Microbiology, Virology and Serology. Reports and interprets laboratory test results. Advises and consults with the Medical Staff, nursing staff, and laboratory staff.

Essential Functions

· Under direction of a Medical Technologist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech, performs laboratory tests on patient specimens in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Microscopy, Coagulation, Microbiology, Virology and Serology to assist in identifying medical disorders and to monitor ongoing patient therapy.

· Utilizes LIS for reporting patient results, documenting quality control and distribution of data.

· Following the guidance of a Medical Technologist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech, checks instrument calibration and reagent reactivity by assaying quality control specimens to assure accurate patient test results.

· With oversight of a Medical Technologist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech, evaluates results of patient testing, quality control and survey testing, takes appropriate action to prevent compromises in patient care.

· Participates throughout the calendar year in proficiency testing.

· Performs troubleshooting, function checks and maintenance procedures to keep equipment and instruments in proper working order

· Maintains adequate inventory levels and stocking of supplies and reagents.

· Supports new staff in training as necessary.

· Obtains blood specimens from patients using standardized capillary or venipuncture procedures as ordered by the physician.

· Consults with physicians, nurses and other healthcare professionals concerning requested services and test results.

Performs other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Associate’s degree from an accredited college or university in Medical Laboratory or related science required.

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS

Current and valid Medical Laboratory Technician certification with the American Society of Clinical Pathology or other equivalent certifying agency required, within 6 months of hire.

EOE/Vets/Disabled
About Children's Hospital

When you work at Children’s, you’re part of a treasured place of healing in the Omaha community—and beyond. Join our team of highly engaged, caring professionals who believe deeply in the organization’s mission—to improve the life of every child. We support equity, diversity and inclusion, and as you apply your skills and expertise to helping children, you too will have opportunities to grow your career. In 2021, we’ll open the new Hubbard Center for Children, tripling our capacity to serve children.

When children are your everything, anything can be…",3.6,"Children's Hospital & Medical Center
3.6","Omaha, NE",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
237,"Computational Scientist, Machine Learning","$86k-$154k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ROLE SUMMARY

The Pfizer Simulation and Modeling Sciences (SMS) group has an opening for a computational methods developer with strong expertise in computational biology, bioinformatics, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML). Working with the biotherapeutics group, the successful candidate will leverage skills in sequence analysis, protein structure modeling, machine learning, and scientific programming to develop AI models and computational tools that enable design of antibody therapeutics and prediction of biophysical and therapeutic properties. To be successful in this role, the incumbent must be able to effectively collaborate with colleagues with diverse scientific background, identify problems and opportunities, and combine techniques from computational biology and AI, in particular recent advances in deep learning, to rapidly develop powerful computational solutions.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Identify novel and creative applications of deep learning approaches to advance discovery and development of antibody therapeutics.
Collaborate across biotherapeutics organization to implement powerful AI models and cutting-edge computational tools to enable rapid developability assessment of novel monoclonal antibodies.
Effectively utilize relevant public and proprietary databases and available computational resources (internal HPC and Cloud) to develop ML models to predict important biophysical and therapeutic properties of antibodies.
Occasionally contribute to the ongoing and new ML-related efforts within SMS in the area of small molecule discovery and development.
Leverage proprietary computational framework and applications to deploy AI/ML models for wide usage by Pfizer scientists.
Proactively identify, assess, and internalize promising methods and tools.
Communicate and explain computational models and ML techniques to broad scientific audience from diverse discipline.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Ph.D. in computational biology, chemical engineering, computer science, physical or biological sciences, machine learning, or related discipline.
Experience with several machine learning algorithms (e.g. Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, Deep Neural Networks) and packages (e.g. Sci-kit Learn, Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch).
Track record of applying machine learning, in particular modern deep learning approaches, to solve relevant biological problems.
Familiarity with concepts, techniques, and common tools used for sequence analysis and protein structure modeling.
Experience with Unix/Linux, HPC environments, and high-level programming language (e.g. Python).
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Demonstrated track record of applying AI/ML, in particular cutting-edge deep learning techniques such as ConvNet, RNN, generative modeling, and reinforcement learning to tackle complex drug discovery and development problems.
Experience in applying ML to immunology data, e.g. HLA peptide binding.
OTHER INFORMATION
Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus
#LI-PFE
Sunshine Act

Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
EEO & Employment Eligibility

Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
Information & Business Tech",4.1,"Pfizer
4.1","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1849,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
238,SENIOR CONSULTANT– DATA ANALYTICS GROUP,"$65k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","SENIOR CONSULTANT– DATA ANALYTICS GROUP


Opinion Dynamics seeks a new team member to join our Data Analytics team. The Data Analytics group is a dynamic and tightly knit team of individuals from a range of backgrounds working closely together on analytically challenging and methodologically innovative consulting, advising, and research projects to support energy efficiency and grid-focused needs. Our ideal candidate enjoys data analytics/science, data mining and data munging, is a problem solver, can effectively operate and navigate a dynamic environment of a consulting firm, and is excited to work with a multidisciplinary team of data scientists, statisticians, data analysts, and programmers.

Opinion Dynamics is a firm known for the excellence of our team and our commitment to a corporate culture that fosters innovative thought, growth and enrichment opportunities, passionate employees, collegiality and collaboration.

What we are looking for in an ideal candidate
Demonstrated interest in energy, energy policy, or building science
Minimum Bachelor’s degree in engineering, quantitative social science, statistics, political science, economics, computer or data science, or related field
Two or more years’ work experience in analytics, ideally evaluating energy efficiency programs and/or performing other forms of longitudinal data analysis, OR higher educational attainment with relevant coursework
Strong programming skills in Python (including the standard data science stack)
Experience importing, cleaning, and manipulating large datasets (500,000+ records) in the context of analytical modeling
Experience with econometric modeling/statistical regression analysis, including model evaluation and validation best practices
Highly motivated, with a demonstrated track-record of thinking critically about your work and clearly communicating with other project staff and managers about your work
Strong written and oral communication skills, including the ability to communicate with clients as well as ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Strong consulting and advising skills
Ability to juggle and prioritize multiple tasks and deadlines simultaneously and flexibly
Additional qualifications of value
Master’s or PhD in statistics, economics, engineering, or related field
Programming skills in other programming languages (R, Java, SQL etc.)
Experience with version control software (e.g. Git) and collaborative code development
Experience with machine learning methods
Demonstrated aptitude with data visualization tools and techniques (e.g. PowerBI, Tableau)
Experience working on a collaborative, cross-functional team
Location

Preferred: Waltham, MA (Company headquarters)

Other locations across Continental United States will be considered.

About Opinion Dynamics Corporation

Opinion Dynamics advances knowledge to address emerging energy and social issues

through sound and insightful research. Our inter-disciplinary team of consultants provides actionable research to support the needs of our clients, which include electric and gas utilities, regulators, and stakeholders. Our research and consulting services inform program planning and design, performance assessment, and optimization of energy efficiency, demand response, and renewable energy programs. Our company fosters innovative thought, collegiality and growth opportunities for our employees. The Data Analytics Group within Opinion Dynamics is especially focused on taking a data-driven approach to answering complex technical questions.

How to Apply:

To be considered for this position, please submit your cover letter (required) and resume with “Data Analytics Consultant” in the subject line. If contacted, please be prepared to complete analytical tests as part of the interviewing process; provide data analysis and writing samples that clearly demonstrate your experience and aptitude in the areas outlined above; as well as supply two or more references who can speak to your experience, work orientation, and work ethic.

No phone calls, please. Only those resumes accompanied by a cover letter will be considered. Opinion Dynamics is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer.

Responsibilities
Qualifications


To be considered for this position, please send your cover letter and resume to:

Careers: Senior Consultant- Data Analytics Group

careersMA@opiniondynamics.com

Please submit a cover letter and resume to CareersCA@opiniondynamics.com.

No phone calls, please. Only those resumes accompanied by a cover letter will be considered. Opinion Dynamics will not provide sponsorship for work authorization for this position. Opinion Dynamics is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer.",4.2,"Opinion Dynamics
4.2","Waltham, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
239,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"About Alpha Health
We’re on a mission to remedy the financial complexity crippling healthcare in America.

Our aim is to organize and use all healthcare information to reduce the cost of care and improve the patient experience.

As the first Unified Automation company for healthcare, we use the same machine learning approaches that made driverless cars possible to provide health systems with a single solution for revenue cycle management. Alpha Health’s Unified Automation brings together the best of people, data and technology to efficiently, accurately and autonomously navigate the complex state of medical reimbursement in the United States.

We are growing rapidly:
- The contracting process in healthcare typically averages nine months. Yet, in less than 12 months time, the team has landed multiple provider clients of all sizes across the US.
- The team has also deployed at several of these customers, providing meaningful and measurable value within 90 days.

We’ve built a cross-functional skill set deep into the DNA of the company. We have technology experts from the top Silicon Valley technology companies (Google, Facebook, etc) and machine learning PhD programs (Stanford, etc). We also have senior leaders from the frontlines of healthcare with decades of experience leading teams of medical billers at some of the most prominent healthcare institutions in the US. And we have a deep bench of talent from healthcare services firms like the Advisory Board, Optum and Triage Consulting.

Our founding team includes Silicon Valley leaders who have founded or been founding team members of multiple companies with successful exits, including in excess of $350 million.

We are expanding our team to support our work with existing customers as well as new customers. If you love to execute, we’d love to hear from you.

Alpha Health is based in South San Francisco. As a company we embraced remote work opportunities before COVID-19. We consider ourselves experts in working collaboratively wherever our team members happen to reside.

As part of the ML team you will work alongside machine learning PhDs from top schools (e.g., Stanford), as well as experienced machine learning engineers from top companies(e.g., Google). You will be putting machine learning into practice, so your code directly affects our customers immediately. You will be working with large proprietary medical and clinical datasets containing both structured documents, natural language and images.
What You'll Do
· Participate in developing state-of-art machine learning solutions to address large scale healthcare problems
· Design and build pipelines that collect, preprocess, and deliver data with a measurable quality
· Write production-ready software with fast and efficient algorithms
Skills & Qualifications
· Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent (Master's a plus) and/or relevant practical work experience
· 2+ years of work experience in machine learning or data engineering
· Strong proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Python and C++
· Hands-on development experience with big data technologies such as SQL and AWS/Cloud Platform
· Knowledge of machine learning frameworks such as Scikit-Learn, Keras, Tensorflow
· Full-stack development experience for an end to end machine learning solution preferred
· Experience with Natural Language Processing or Computer Vision a plus
· Strong communication and interpersonal skills with meticulous attention to detail",5.0,"Alpha Health
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
240,Sr. Compliance Data Analyst,-1,"Main Objective: The Compliance Data Analyst Sr (DA) Specialist will be responsible for the administration of the Risk Management & Compliance (RM&C) DA program to provide actionable insights through data and analysis to achieve business objectives.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Assists in the administration of audit tools for workpaper documentation and issues tracking.

Supports the Global Compliance Audit team to embed DA in the audit process in order to facilitate effective risk-based audit approach.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders in the development and implementation of global, regional and subsidiary continuous monitoring activities.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders and their business partners to understand business goals, objectives and challenges, and provides reliable and accurate reports, insights, and analysis to support informed decision making.

Analyzes and interprets complex data sets and communicates trends and findings to RCOs and other RM&C leaders as well as other stakeholders and business partners.

Performs analysis of structured and unstructured data to solve complex business and department problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses.

Solicits feedback from stakeholders to continuously evaluate and improve the quality of reports and dashboards.

Assists in the identification and addressing opportunities for process enhancements as well as new analytical opportunities.

Partners with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders to identify opportunities where DA can be utilized to assist the business gain insights with advance analytics tools and solutions.

Supports the development and implementation of various RM&C department initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness of the company’s global compliance program.

Delivers training to RM&C team members and other stakeholders on effectively using analytic tools and solutions.

Develops strong relationships with relevant members of the Global Information Services (GIS) department and other DA personnel from other departments to leverage expertise and foster collaboration.

Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and solutions to business partners.

Incidental Duties:

The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, and indeed additional responsibilities may be assigned, as required, by management.

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's Degree required in Business, Data Science, Data Analytics or a related field.

5 years of experience in Legal, Compliance, Risk, Internal Audit or working with IT systems related to Legal, Compliance, Risk or Internal Audit required; preferably within the healthcare/life sciences/biotech industry.

Strong knowledge and experience in advance analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources preferred.

Expertise in visualization tool e.g., Microsoft PowerBI, Tableau preferred.

Ability to communicate in an additional language preferred.

Knowledge and Skill Requirements/Specialized Courses and/or Training:

Professional written, verbal, analytical, organizational, problem solving and presentational skills.
Ability to understand and develop business process and controls.
Comfortable working in situations with no clear answer.
Ability to prioritize projects and responsibilities.
Self-starter and willingness to contribute where there is a need within the team.
Ability to adapt in a dynamic and high-growth environment.
Knowledge of laws, regulations, and industry guidance applicable to a global healthcare company.

Machine, Tools, and/or Equipment Skills:

Fully proficient use of the Microsoft Office Suite: Outlook, Visio, Excel, Word, Power Point and various and specialized software.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Naples",3.0,"Arthrex
3.0","Naples, FL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
241,Director of Data Science,"$101k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Analysis Group is one of the largest international economics consulting firms, with more than 1,000 professionals across 14 offices in North America, Europe, and Asia. Since 1981, we have provided expertise in economics, finance, health care analytics, and strategy to top law firms, Fortune Global 500 companies, and government agencies worldwide. Our internal experts, together with our network of affiliated experts from academia, industry, and government, offer our clients exceptional breadth and depth of expertise.

Analysis Group provides economic, financial, and strategy consulting to law firms, corporations, and government agencies. At Analysis Group, Data Science is a center of excellence within a company that already has decades of experience focused on analysis involving data. Within Data Science, the Director of Data Science is charged with collaborating with leading internal and external academic experts to find creative solutions to some of the most challenging and high-value problems we face.

The Director of Data Science contributes to both client engagements and to the design and development of internal data science tools and infrastructure. The client work is diverse, utilizing a wide variety of complex and novel data sources, and supporting cases across industries including: finance, healthcare, antitrust, intellectual property, energy, and technology. The tool and infrastructure work assists the firm in developing cutting-edge data science and high-performance computing techniques for common business challenges.

The Director of Data Science helps Analysis Group in maintaining our leadership position in terms of advancing methodology and data computations, and works to increase Data Science knowledge within the firm, both through mentorship to more junior Data Science team members and via interactions with Consulting teams. The Director also is involved in recruiting, assisting in building out the team over time.

Essential Job Functions and Responsibilities:
Work with project teams to creatively address data science/computing challenges
Take initiative to identify opportunities for technology to enhance service offerings
Act as a resource and participate in client engagements and research as part of the project team
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of data science and computing tools, providing technical training and helping to grow the in-house knowledge base
Present research at selected conferences; serving as an expert
Maintain individual contributions while providing mentorship to other data scientists and analysts conducting work such as:
Optimize procedures for managing and accessing large databases (e.g., insurance claims, electronic health records, financial transactions)
Create interactive analytics portals and data visualizations (e.g., using R/Shiny, Python/Flask, D3)
Build and maintaining high performance computing (HPC) tools on grid and cloud computing environments
Develop and reviewing open source macros and packages in R, Python and other Object Oriented Languages
Establish optimized procedures for repetitive or computationally intensive tasks (C, C++, Cuda-C)
Use natural language processing methodologies to work with EMR data, social media data and other unstructured data
Contribute to team growth/development via assistance with advisorship and recruiting
Contribute to firm’s strategy for data science tools and infrastructure
Qualifications
Track record of using data to solve real-world problems
Experience applying multiple software tools and languages to provide data-driven analytical solutions to decision makers or research teams
Strong credentials and experience in database management and data visualization
PhD or advanced degree in computer science or data science-related field, with relevant experience. Other candidates with at least three years of relevant experience in the field will also be considered
Background in Statistics/Econometrics or Biostatistics
Extensive experience in programming languages like Python, C++, Java
Knowledge of R, Shiny and SQL
Familiar with online/cloud computing/storage (e.g., AWS)
Linux and basic system administration experience
Demonstrated experience working on project teams and collaborating with others
Strong communication skills
­
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here.
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.8,"Analysis Group
3.8","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Private Practice / Firm,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
242,Data Science Support Analyst,"$72k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Science Support Analyst to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Support Analyst will partner with the Data Scientists to: support production deployment of models and web applications related to technologies developed by the Data Science team; participates in new development of web applications and restful api’s; gain exposure to production machine learning model pipelines and the design and creation of new models using statistical techniques.

Responsibilities:
Continually check metrics and validate models, compute model performance metrics.
Access, analyze, cleanse, pre-process data.
Retrieve data from multiple stores CSV/Teradata/Oracle/API/.
Train new models per specifications from Data Scientist.
Deploy new models and determine when to replace existing.
Configure Linux server web sites and update code base as needed.
Monitor web application performance and fix issues accordingly.
Configure SQLite/SQL/Mongo databases and stored queries, updating as needed.
Participate in meetings and offer ideas and solutions to present problems.
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Python (numpy/pandas/matplotlib/sklearn/flask)
Version control (git)
SQL and database APIs (cx_oracle, pymysql, sqlalchemy)
Cloud deployment experience (AWS, containerization) and familiarity with AWS services
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment
Machine Learning algorithm development experience.
Ability to learn new technologies rapidly and turn around implementations.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) with ability to effectively communicate to all levels with varying degrees of technical knowledge
Critical thinking Independent problem resolution
Ability to work in a team and collaborate with others
Bachelor's Degree (Data Science, Analytics, Business, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or related field)
2-4 years experience (candidates with a relevant Masters degree and less experience will also be considered).",4.0,"JM&A Group
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
243,IT Business Intelligence Analyst,"$46k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview


Founded in 1984, Florida Cancer Specialists & Research Institute is the largest independent medical oncology/hematology practice in the United States. With over 200 physicians, based in 100+ locations across Florida, we are committed to providing world-class cancer care in community-based settings close to home.

Our 3000+ team members enjoy:
Work/Life balance – many locations have no weekend and/or night shift hours
Competitive compensation

Comprehensive benefits package including:
Medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance
Paid time off
Holiday pay
Tuition reimbursement
CEU hours
401(k) with company match
Our Corporate Information Technology department is searching for a Business Intelligence Analyst to join our team!

Responsibilities


Monday - Friday Work Week, Days (Example: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM) Flexible to meet business needs

Founded in 1984, Florida Cancer Specialists & Research Institute is the largest independent medical oncology/hematology practice in the United States. With over 200 physicians, based in 100+ locations across Florida, we are committed to providing world-class cancer care in community-based settings close to home.

Our 3000+ team members enjoy:

Work/Life balance – many locations have no weekend and/or night shift hours

Competitive compensation

Comprehensive benefits package including:

Medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance

Paid time off

Holiday pay

Tuition reimbursement

CEU hours

401(k) with company match

POSITION SUMMARY

The Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for developing, implementing and supporting reporting, analytics and business intelligence solutions to meet the information needs of the organization and Company Business. The Business Intelligence Analyst supports one or more business units in preparing weekly and monthly analysis and reporting to drive the business while ensuring accuracy and consistency. Must be able to work with multiple teams and business units simultaneously and thrive in fast-paced, dynamic environment. Must demonstrate the eagerness and ability to learn and must work well in a team environment.

Qualifications


This position requires US Work Authorization status of Greencard/Permanent Resident or US Citizen

Bachelor's in Science Degree preferred.

Four (4) yeas of related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of higher education and experience

ITIL V.3 Certified preferred

Four (4) years of SQL report writing, business intelligence experience, or statistical analysis.

Experience in a report production environment with Excel and Access is essential.

Advanced understanding of relational database architecture and business intelligence.

Experience with Adhoc and custom reporting requests.

Independently and effectively organize and manage multiple assignments with challenging deadlines.

Ability to validate, standardize and cleanse data when needed.

Troubleshoot problems and suggest alternatives, looking beyond the obvious to find answers.

Have an advanced working knowledge of reporting and analytics tools including SQL Visual studio, Reporting Services and Integration Services.

Ability to communicate effectively and partner with senior level staff to determine business goals and objectives, and ways to partner in order to achieve those objectives.

Must have and maintain a valid Driver’s license in the state of residency and vehicle to attend meetings and travel to satellite offices.",3.2,"Florida Cancer Specialists
3.2","Fort Myers, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1984,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
244,"Staff Research Scientist, Geomorphology/Soil Science","$35k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Thank you for your interest in employment with the Desert Research Institute. We want your application process to go smoothly and quickly. We ask that you keep in mind the following when completing your application:
Once you start the application process you cannot save your work. Please ensure you have all required attachment(s) available to complete your application before you begin the process.
Required attachments are listed below on the posting. Your application will not be considered without the required attachments.
Please see the application instructions under each posting for information on submittal deadlines.
If you need assistance or have questions regarding the application process, contact Human Resources Hotline at (775) 673-7431 or recruit@dri.edu.

Job Description

The Desert Research Institute (DRI) seeks a Staff Geomorphologist or Soil Scientist at the Staff Research Scientist level (Rank 1) to assist in the characterization of soils, geomorphology, and dust emission in support of current DoD funded projects at DRI.

This position involves research support in four overlapping areas:
Assist in the analysis of soil surface conditions as related to dust emission potential, including field operation of the PI-SWERL (Portable in situ Wind Erosion Laboratory).
Assist in the entry of field and laboratory data into spreadsheets and databases as required and ability to assist in the analysis of collected soil, dust, geomorphic, and Quaternary geologic data.
Assist on field-oriented studies where soil and geomorphic data is collected in support of project objectives.
Perform laboratory duties in the Quaternary Pedology and Soil Characterization Laboratory as directed.
In addition, the candidate should be familiar and comfortable with basic report writing and technical editing and be willing to learn how to collect instrument data, often in extreme environments.

Other responsibilities may include assistance in a wide variety of Quaternary geologic and geomorphic projects as opportunities and needs arise. These efforts include mapping of Quaternary geology and soils, identification of landforms, description and sampling of soils and sediments, working with Quaternary stratigraphy, sampling of materials for geochronology, geoarcheology and cultural resources identification, and general support of field research activities.

Required Qualifications
US Citizenship (Must have the ability to work on DoD instillations);
Bachelor of Science Degree in Geology, Earth Science, or related field from an accredited institution;
Basic knowledge in geomorphology, Quaternary geology, or soil science;
Excellent oral and written communication skills;
Team player with diverse research interests and excellent interpersonal skills;
Demonstrated experience to independently conduct field-based geomorphic or soil science research.
Preferred Qualifications
Master of Science Degree in Earth Sciences, Soil Science, or related fields from an accredited institution;
Experience using standard GIS software (e.g. ArcGIS Desktop) and generating map products;
Demonstrated experience with soil mapping and performing field descriptions of geomorphic, stratigraphic, and/or soil morphologic properties;
Working knowledge of soil classification systems;
Demonstrated experience or interest in performing laboratory analyses;
Demonstrated experience editing, compiling, and writing scientific reports and publications.
Conditions of Employment
Due to security requirements associated with accessing essential project sites and information, ALL applicants MUST be citizens of the United States.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background check.
Must be able to travel and to work in harsh field conditions for extended periods of time (i.e. southwest deserts in the summer, cold regions, tropical regions), walk/hike across uneven terrain, and ability to lift heavy equipment (40+ lbs.)
Organizational Summary

Since 1959, DRI has stood at the forefront of understanding Earth's complex environmental systems, promoting preservation of diverse ecosystems, advancing responsible natural resource management, and improving human health and welfare throughout Nevada and around the world. More than 500 highly skilled scientists, engineers, technicians and students are collaboratively focused on understanding and answering critical questions about global climate change, water quality and availability, air quality, sustainability of desert lands, life in extreme environments, and more.

Salary/Benefits

DRI’s starting salary is competitive and commensurate with education, experience, and aligns with similar public academic research institutions. DRI provides excellent benefits that include:
Health insurance options that include dental, vision, life, and long-term disability;
15.25% tax-deferred retirement contribution with matching by DRI;
Thirty (30) days of sick leave provided upon start date and two (2) days of sick leave accrued per full month after the first year of service, two (2) days of annual leave accrued each full month, 11 paid holidays;
Tuition reduction at NSHE institutions for employee and dependents;
No state income tax and no Social Security deduction;
Relocation assistance.
Exempt

Yes

Full-Time Equivalent

100.0%

Required Attachment(s)

Qualified individuals interested in this position must apply online at https://nshe.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/DRI-External.

Please upload the following documents in the specified section of your application in Workday:
A cover letter detailing your research experience, career goals, and project interests;
A current curriculum vitae;
Contact information for three professional/work-related references, to be contacted at the appropriate phase of the recruitment process based on applicant permission.
Individuals who meet all required qualifications are encouraged to apply immediately and provide all required attachments to receive full consideration. Recruitment will close without notice when a sufficient number of applications are received, or a hiring decision has been made.

For more detailed information about DRI, please visit us at www.dri.edu. For questions regarding this position or assistance with your application, please call the recruiting office at 775-673-7319.

Posting Close Date

Note to Applicant

Applicants should fully describe their qualifications and experience with specific reference to each of the minimum and preferred qualifications. The search committee will use this information during the initial review of application materials.

References will be contacted at the appropriate phase of the recruitment process based on applicant notification and permission.

Newly hired faculty and postdoctoral fellows must assure that their official transcript is submitted to the Human Resources Office within 30 calendar days from the effective date of employment. Academic degrees must have been awarded by regionally accredited institutions.

This position may require a criminal background check to be conducted on the candidate(s) selected for hire.

As part of the hiring process, applicants for positions in the Nevada System of Higher Education may be required to demonstrate the ability to perform job-related tasks.

DRI employs only U.S. citizens and aliens authorized to work in the U.S. DRI only sponsors aliens applying for research faculty or postdoctoral fellow positions (J-1 or H-1B Visas).

All applicants hired by the Desert Research Institute are subject to E-Verify.",3.7,"Desert Research Institute
3.7","Reno, NV",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1959,Nonprofit Organization,Colleges & Universities,Education,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
245,Product and Data Analyst,"$46k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Canal Insurance

Canal Insurance Company specializes in insurance for commercial trucking and specialty transportation operations. Canal was founded in 1939 and is located in Greenville, South Carolina. At Canal, we recognize that our success would not be possible without the hard work and dedication of our employees. We know that happiness and productivity go hand in hand, and to that end, we consciously cultivate a culture that enables us to recruit and retain the very best talent in the business.

Product& Data Analyst:

** Must be willing to relocate to Greenville, South Carolina **

The Product and Data Analyst position is responsible for providing analytical support to Product Managers within a designated region, group of states, or function and for maintaining regularly generated reports, answering ad hoc data questions and distributing these results to all levels of management. The analyst will also support the companies modeling efforts by monitoring the results of models as well as refreshing existing models.

Major Accountabilities:
Complete recommendations for pricing adequacy and participate in strategies that consider multiple business dimensions for profit, growth and expense for specific states and regions.
Accurately and concisely communicate findings of analysis. Proactively solicit input from business leaders on rate plans and progress.
Monitor incoming business and communicate results to product managers, business units and marketing staff.
Query data from multiple sources, check for completeness and accuracy, and produce regularly scheduled as well as ad hoc reports.
Collaborate with IT in the research and solution of data issues within source systems and downstream applications.
Monitor existing models to see that they continue to be effective, or to suggest improvements.
Refresh and reparametrize existing predictive models.
Perform other duties as assigned by Management.
Qualifications

Education/Training Requirements: Bachelor’s degree required with a concentration in Business, Finance, Economics, Mathematics or Computer Science preferred.

Experience/Specialized Skills: Minimum three years of experience analyzing data identification of data anomalies required. Basic technical knowledge and intermediate operational knowledge in underwriting preferred. Intermediate knowledge of database functionality required. Advanced querying skills (PowerPivot, SQL, R, or SAS) preferred. At least three years of experience analyzing data with a critical eye towards reasonability and identification of data anomalies. Prior experience developing or using results from regression models or decision trees is strongly preferred. Insurance industry experience preferred, but not required. Advanced computer skills (word processing, spreadsheets, databases, Internet, e-mail) required.

Special Considerations

Physical Requirements: Constant use of vision, hearing, and communication (oral and written in person and via telephone). Frequent concentration, standing, walking, handling, reaching, and grasping. Occasional bending, kneeling and lifting (up to 25 lbs.). Heavy use of computer and office equipment.

Additional Requirements: Occasional travel may be required. Periodic work outside of standard business hours or on weekends may be required.",3.8,"Canal Insurance
3.8","Greenville, SC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1939,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
246,Azure Databricks Data Engineer,"$56k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Collaborate with business stakeholders to identify and meet data requirements
Management of data workflows and pipelines
Responsible for collecting, moving, storing, and preparation of data infrastructure
Manage and secure the flow of structured and unstructured data from multiple sources like ingest, egress , and transform data
Manage, monitor, and ensure the security and privacy of data to satisfy business needs
Other duties as assigned

5 +yrs of Azure experience
Experience with PySpark, Spark SQL, Databricks (notebooks), and Azure Synapse.
** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.**
**This is a W2 opportunity only**
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.",4.3,"BRMi
4.3","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
247,Business Intelligence Analyst,"$46k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Senior Business Intelligence Analyst

Join a team where you can be an integral part of Aptean’s success.

The Who, What, Where And Why

Aptean is seeking a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst to work with the Business Operations team to continuously design, build and evolve our data reporting capabilities – all in an environment of rapid growth and increasing complexity. In this role, you will have the opportunity to incubate data solutions and help build Aptean’s centralized data platform by partnering with teams across different verticals to drive data reporting efficiency and performance insights to key stakeholders.

As a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, you'll contribute technical skills, business judgment, and creativity to build automated data solutions that provide these strategic insights. You'll take initiative and work well in environments with multiple cross-functional stakeholders and differing priorities. Additionally, you'll contribute people skills and drive to provide training and support to team members and partners. You'll lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects using your data warehousing and analytics expertise, manage project schedules, identifying risks, and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.

Who?

We are looking for someone with:

· 3-5 years of related work experience

· Experience with Data Analysis and Visualization of Power BI Dashboards

· Experience with data integration of Power BI with Salesforce.com, SQL Server and Excel (including VBA, Macros, Pivot Tables, array functions, Power Pivots, etc)

We’d like this person to have the following skills/abilities
Experience working within a high-growth, technology company
Able to operate successfully in a lean, fast-paced organization
Strong written and verbal communication skills, with a track record of supporting a variety of stakeholders
Exhibits sound business judgment and a proven track record of taking ownership, leading data-driven analyses, and providing clear answers to complex problems
Motivated self-starter, proactive and action-oriented
· Take charge mentality with a track record and ability to “get things done”
Strong problem solving and collaboration skills
Experience in prioritization of deliverables and tasks
What?

In this role, you would:

Responsible for designing, developing, and deploying Business Analytics Dashboards using Microsoft BI technologies including SQL Server, Power BI, Excel etc.

1. Responsible for designing, developing, and deploying Business Analytics Dashboards using Microsoft BI technologies including SQL Server, Power BI, Excel etc.

2. Analyze and leverage external data sources like Salesforce to integrate with existing datasets and relate a comprehensive BI story.

3. Build compelling, interactive and actionable reporting on top of structured data models that helps in deriving meaningful business insights from large, complex datasets.

4. Supporting the full BI lifecycle from requirements analysis through design & development, and through release and support/maintenance phases.

5. Gather requirements and design reports/custom analysis tools for the Executive Leadership Team.

6. Some of the reports that will be required but not limited to this set are:

- Daily/weekly/monthly performance reports for key performance indicators and provide analytics on them.

- KPI reports for monthly/quarterly/annual forecasting for Business Reviews.

- Gather, publish & maintain information related to historical, current and future performance.

- Compile and analyze data on historical sales and trends to forecast future trends.

7. Collaborate on identified ad hoc business problem-solving requests.

8. Train team members/users on Power BI tool, dashboards and reports, as required by leadership team.

Why?

In this role you will work on a great team that values self-motivation, attention to detail, and effective communication. This team is fast-paced and cooperative.

Aptean is where go-getters with strong problem solving skills can thrive. We provide learning opportunities across the company so that you can build and advance your career here no matter your background. Each and every one of us has a different story and different strengths. We are a dynamic company that cares about our 1,700 employees as much as our customers, and our leadership team believes in finding and retaining awesome people.

To promote health and wellness, Aptean employees are provided with competitive compensation, robust benefits beginning day-one, and a self-managed PTO policy. Our open-office environment and modern breakroom allow people to get to know each other from across departments.

Where?

This position will be located in our corporate headquarters in Alpharetta, GA at 4325 Alexander Dr #100, Alpharetta, GA 30022. You will enjoy our perks: mini-mart for snacks, drinks, and quick lunches, modern breakroom that allows people to get to know employees from other departments, monthly birthday celebrations, massages, monthly food trucks and breakfasts – all provided in an open-office environment. What you will also get to experience is a company that believes in the power of working collaboratively and winning together; that strives to balance work and home life, that seeks and hires teams of motivated go-getters, understands that this is a marathon, not a sprint; that continuously and purposefully builds an inclusive culture where everyone is able to do and be the best version of themselves. We seek people who naturally demonstrate our values, who are challenged by problems, empower others to thrive, people who can draw the owl and not be beholden to one playbook.

About Us
Aptean is a private-equity backed software company that connects companies in specific industries with specialized software solutions. In today’s fast-paced, highly competitive economy, organizations don’t have time to waste forcing homegrown software, spreadsheets, and one-size-fits-all solutions to do things they were never designed to do. Aptean is on a mission to end those workarounds with streamlined industry-specific software solutions. That’s why over 4,100+ highly specialized organizations in more than 20 industries and 54 countries rely on us to simplify their everyday operations.

If you are looking for a company where you can give your best, work collaboratively, and build your career, we encourage you to submit an application!

Aptean, Inc., is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. In accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws we do not tolerate discrimination or harassment against any applicant for employment or employee with Aptean because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other group status protected by applicable law.",3.2,"Aptean
3.2","Alpharetta, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
248,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"Who We Are

Encortex is a data intelligence agency in Boston, that leverages cutting-edge quantitative analysis to help blue chip firms deploy capital more efficiently. We are a small, ambitious, and diverse group of quantitative analysts, data engineers, software engineers, & digital marketers. At the heart of what we do, is the belief that we change the way our clients collect, protect, and monetize data.

Who You Are

You are a curious individual who adapts to new environments and is comfortable with change. You believe in iterative progress, failing fast, and working through issues - alone and with others - until they are complete solved. You expect to contribute to your team's success, but also to the larger Encortex community. You appreciate and reflect our core values of Precision, Curiosity, Honesty, Responsibility, Fun & Respect.

What You’ll Do

As the Senior Data Engineer, reporting to the Vice President of Engineering, you have a love of technology, efficient operations, and use the former to improve the latter.

Responsibilities
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Perform routine data analysis for business owners for the purposes of revenue optimization and discovery
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS 'big data' technologies
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into increased revenue, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics
Work with stakeholders to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems
What You’ll Learn

At Encortex, you will benefit from interacting with a small team of super interesting people. You will learn how to solve problems in a community of problem solvers. You will appreciate the value of failing fast, transparent and honest communication, and working with a team that feels the same.

Requirements
1-2 years of data project leadership experience
SQL mastery, including techniques for writing efficient code over large datasets
Ability to leverage critical data-driven thinking and enthusiasm for translating data into actionable insight to generate consistently accurate and useful analysis and models
Experience with data visualization techniques and tools such as Redash, Tableau, ChartIO, etc.
Experience building and optimizing 'big data' data pipelines, architectures and data sets
Strong analytic skills
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable 'big data' data stores
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Airflow, Luigi, etc.
Experience with statistical analysis of large data sets including regression, classification and correlation
We are looking for a candidate with 5+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics or another quantitative field. They should also have experience using the following software/tools:
* Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
* Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, RDS, Redshift
* Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
* Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Scala, etc.
Encortex, LLC is an equal opportunity employer.",-1,Encortex LLC,"Boston, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
249,"Data Scientist II, Product Analytics","$145k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Opportunity


At Livongo, data is at the heart of our culture of innovation. We're looking for a Data Science analytics team member to collaborate with Product Management and Marketing as we work toward optimizing our UX and messaging.

As a Data Scientist, Product Analytics your main focus will be to measure member experience and guide product decisions, ultimately making Livongo's products more valuable, delightful and intuitive to our Members. We're looking for someone with at least 2 years of experience in Data Analytics. In addition to technical data science skills, core competencies such as collaboration, decision-making, communication and flexibility will be key to your success.

This role offers the challenge and excitement of converting data analysis into real-life benefits. Come help us break new ground, while measurably improving lives and saving millions in healthcare costs.

Responsibilities
Provide insights about our products and member experience to inform Product teams for roadmap and feature decisions
Conduct exploratory analysis and develop statistical models to answer key product usage and engagement questions
Help Product and Marketing teams use experimentation (A/B testing) and cohorting to test assumptions and launch new marketing campaigns, features and product releases
Partner with Product teams to define and benchmark metrics for new features launches and initiatives and help create a culture of measurement
Candidate Profile
2+ years of work experience in product/data analytics or a related discipline
Data science experience (SQL, Python, R) and familiarity with managing large data sets
A general knowledge of machine learning approaches is a plus.
The ability to collaborate and communicate with Product Managers and help them craft hypotheses, and define and measure KPIs
Confidence working with ambiguity, unknown variables, and missing context (and the ability to find ways to bridge those gaps when necessary)
A self-starter approach, with strong motivation and drive for excellence
BS degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related filed in lieu of degree, relevant work experience and/or trade school
Why Join Livongo?


The Transformative Name in Healthcare: The transformative industry forces in Community, Content and Commerce are now household names. As Amazon is to Commerce, Livongo is to Healthcare. With our Applied Health Signals engine, AI+AI, we've transformed how care is delivered.

Our Work Truly Matters: Livongo's proprietary, consumer-first technology is revolutionizing the experience of living with a chronic health condition. Our data-driven digital health engine enables our Members to seamlessly manage multiple health conditions on one empowering platform. We use smart, connected devices, personalized digital guidance, and 24x7x365 access to health professionals to make it easier for people to stay healthier.

Make an Impact: Do you want to accomplish something meaningful? To create results that matter? Livongo's innovative solution produces industry-leading member satisfaction, measurable clinical outcomes and proven healthcare costs savings. Here you can truly improve lives.

The Largest Digital Health IPO in History: We are at a milestone period in our history. On July 25, 2019 we took our company public, in order to elevate and expand the way the industry views us, thus ushering us into a whole new set of mission-critical conversations that will help us accomplish the work still to be done. As we reach new levels of achievement, we accelerate our ability to deliver life-changing services.

Focus on PEOPLE: Livongo has been voted one of the Best Places to Work in healthcare, by Fortune Magazine and Best Place to Work! Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative and inspiring environment.

Diversity and Inclusion: At Livongo we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.

Growth and Innovation: We've already made healthcare history, yet we remain on the threshold of very big things. Leading the industry with our Applied Health Signals category, we have cracked the code to transforming healthcare. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.

See photos, watch videos and learn more about Livongo: follow us on Glassdoor.

#LivongoIPO #appliedhealthsignals

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy (including breastfeeding we have a mother's room in both our offices). In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind.",4.7,"Livongo
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
250,"Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer, Applied Science","$83k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Scientist/Senior Scientist/Lead Scientist - (Machine Learning Engineers) will work with the rest of the team to research, invent, and implement the next generation prediction, optimization, and analytics technology. You are a brilliant, motivated self-starter and an extremely fast learner with top notch problem solving, and analytical skills. You have a deep sense of curiosity and innate desire to dig deep into terabytes of data and love to play with the innards of complex algorithms, mathematical constructs and code.

Responsibilities
Research, design and/or implement solutions to challenging problems in real-time bidding domain, such as all kinds of optimization problems, audience understanding, etc.
Research and improve features and machine learning models for production pipeline.
Provide insights and suggestions on customer campaign optimization problems and product/platform optimization problems through statistical data analysis when needed.
Drive innovation by identifying and formulating new problems, publishing papers, filing patents, etc.
Required Qualifications
PhD degree in a closely related field (e.g.: computer science/engineering, optimization) with publications in the area is strongly preferred
Or Masters with significant experience in advertising and Machine Learning
Experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, data mining, statistical modeling, optimization, algorithms, big-data, game theory
Proficiency with one or more programming languages - ability to write/debug production code.
Excellent communication skills – ability to present and communicate complex ideas in simple terms
Strong statistical/math/analytical abilities; Exceptional problem solving skills
Desired Qualifications
Previous experience in the advertising industry
Strong programming experience with Java, C/C++, Python and/or Scala
Excellent knowledge in algorithms and data structures
#LI-KM1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Redwood City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
251,"Senior Scientist, AAV Plasmid and Vector Platform Development","$86k-$107k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Scientist, AAV Plasmid and Vector Platform Development
Location: Bedford, MA
Homology Medicines is seeking an outstanding Senior Scientist to assist in the advancement of viral gene therapy production processes for novel adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). The individual in this role will be a highly-skilled, talented and motivated researcher who will lead the work to develop and characterize next generation plasmids for large scale manufacturing of AAV vectors. We seek candidates with proven ability to work independently and collaboratively who are driven to pursue cutting edge science and develop next generation therapies to transform the lives of patients.
Essential Functions and Duties
Design, development, and characterization of novel plasmids for AAV production using molecular and cell-based assays
Analyze vector specific characteristics including packaging efficiency and product quality, as impacted by packaging and inverted terminal repeat (ITR) plasmid and integrity
Advance technical understanding and development of critical parameters in mammalian cell culture production systems for AAV vectors
Collaborate closely with analytical characterization team to evaluate critical vector attributes and process performance parameters for AAV vector production
Lead a team of research associate and scientist completing assigned tasks and serve as scientific mentor to overseeing laboratory experimentation and data analysis
Author technical reports and technology transfer documents as needed
Skills and Experience
PhD or MS in molecular biology, virology, or related fields with 4+ (PhD) or 6+ (MS) years industry experience in viral vector production
Expertise in molecular cloning techniques preferably with AAV/ITR experience
Thorough understanding of virus characterization methods including nucleic acid and protein-based approaches
Familiarity with using lab-scale production platforms including adherent cell systems, shake flasks, and bioreactors for live virus or viral vector production
Adept at conducting routine testing and limited troubleshooting of multiple methods
Independently motivated, detail oriented, and good problem-solving ability
Excellent interpersonal written and oral communication skills
Interested candidates should forward a cover letter and Resume / CV to careers@homologymedicines.com or on line: www.homologymedicines.com
Homology Medicines, Inc. (HMI) has built foundational intellectual property on gene editing and gene therapy vectors derived from naturally occurring human adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). The Company's technology is precise, on-target and highly efficient for in vivo editing of genetic mutations. This transformative platform technology, combined with an elite leadership team of biopharmaceutical industry veterans, create a significant opportunity for HMI to rapidly advance a diverse pipeline of new medicines that address and potentially cure the underlying cause of genetic diseases.",4.4,"Homology Medicines
4.4","New Bedford, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
252,Senior Data Scientist,"$116k-$184k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Recursion, our mission is to decode biology to radically improve lives. To accomplish this bold goal, we have already generated one of the largest biological datasets in existence in our own labs— tens of billions of images of cells under millions of different biological and chemical perturbations.

With treatments for hundreds of diseases in our sights, Recursion has constructed a world-class team of specialists in biology, drug discovery, automation, engineering, management, and data science that work side by side. Our data science team is no less diverse. We bring together domain expertise in computer science, physics, biology, mathematics, applied statistics, and more. Together, we analyze experimental results, develop best-practice analytical methods for a field that has none, and build the computational tooling required to fuel Recursion's drug-discovery engine.

HOW YOU'LL CONTRIBUTE:

You will help us accomplish all of this by applying your domain expertise, technical experience, and years working on a data science team to deliver scalable solutions that immediately impact decisions— in whatever area that expertise may be:
Biologists just generated a novel dataset and need help developing a new analytical approach.
Our Chemistry team needs a new tool to register and recommend molecules with specific properties from an X-million compound registry.
Our analysis toolkit needs to level-up to support the growing needs of the company.
A production ML model is underperforming on new data, and needs both a redesign and additional experimental data to support the desired objectives.
You will identify and then own projects that suit your expertise— meaning conception, planning, development, implementation, and delivery— with the support of whatever other data science and cross-team expertise is required.

THE EXPERIENCE YOU'LL NEED:
Minimum of 4 years in industry setting on a data science team
Experience working with production repositories and developing deployable data-science products.
High fluency with the Python data stack (pandas, sklearn, etc).
Professional experience in project leadership and team mentorship
Curiosity and the professional skill-set to excel in an open, highly collaborative environment.
A track record of outstanding past projects, publications, or presentations.
NICE TO HAVE:
Experience developing computational analysis for imaging-based biological datasets or bioinformatics for sequencing-based datasets.
Code you can share. Send a link along with your email.
THE BENEFITS/PERKS YOU'LL ENJOY
100% Coverage of health, vision, and dental insurance premiums
401(k) with generous matching (immediate vesting)
Stock option grants
Two one-week paid company closures (summer and winter)
Flexible vacation/sick leave
Onsite daycare facility*
Commuter benefit and vehicle parking to ease your commute*
Complimentary chef-prepared lunches and well-stocked snack bars*
Generous paid parental leave (including adoptive)
Fully-paid gym membership to Metro Fitness, located just feet away from our headquarters*
One-of-a-kind 100,000 square foot headquarters complete with a 70-foot climbing wall, showers, lockers, and bike parking*
*Subject to change during the COVID-19 pandemic

More About Us

Recursion is a digital biology company industrializing drug discovery. Recursion does this by combining automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning, in vivo validation capabilities and a highly cross-functional team to discover novel medicines that expand our collective understanding of biology. Recursion's rich, relatable database of over 4 petabytes of biological images generated in-house on the company's robotics platform enables advanced machine learning approaches to reveal drug candidates, mechanisms of action, novel chemistry, and potential toxicity, with the eventual goal of decoding biology and advancing new therapeutics that radically improve people's lives. Recursion is proudly headquartered in Salt Lake City.

Check out what it is like to work at Recursion here

Recursion is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. Recursion strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against applicants because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, pregnancy, gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current, or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law.",4.6,"Recursion Pharmaceuticals
4.6","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
253,"Data Scientist, Business Operations - Austin","$78k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At realtor.com, we process terabytes of data everyday and transform that data into information that powers decisions for millions of home buyers, renters, dreamers, and real estate professionals. We aim to radically simplify home buying/selling and help more people achieve buy and live in their dream home on our realtor.com website and mobile apps.

We seek a Data Scientist to join our monetization data science team and help take it to the next level. As a key member of the team, you will be responsible for the development of innovative concepts, research, predictive modeling, and machine learning algorithms.

Responsibilities:
Understand the business and data models to effectively query data
Effectively partner with product and engineering teams to build new data driven and machine learning based features for enriching the consumer experience of home shoppers, renters and sellers.
Perform exploratory analysis on realtor.com's wealth of data.
Develop predictive, explanatory models and machine learning algorithms.
Create automated learning systems that gracefully scale to increasing complexity and expectation.
Design and build data science solutions to drive revenue growth, customer retention and support strategic decision making.
Generate descriptive visualizations and presentations to communicate insights.
Drive A/B & multivariate tests and design of experiments to facilitate testing of new product and design features, with focus on improving engagement, retention, and conversion.
Help improve the scope of our data sets by identifying new data collection and procurement opportunities on an ongoing basis.
Work with a sense urgency, advocate for experimentation based, agile culture.
Drive a project forward given moderate oversight.
Requirements:
PhD/MS in computer science, statistics, mathematics, operations research or related fields and 2+ years of experience or a BS in related fields with 4+ years of experience.
2+ years of relevant experience in data science, machine learning or applied statistics.
Experience with Machine Learning, NLP and data mining tools and underlying algorithms.
Experienced in Python, R, Spark or other languages and frameworks appropriate for large scale analysis of structured and unstructured data.
Experience with Docker and AWS and taking a prototype into production.
Working experience with relational databases (SQL) and large scale distributed systems.
Experience with experiment design and A/B and multivariate tests.
Strong creative thinking and problem solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills.
about realtor.com

At realtor.com®, we believe that everyone deserves a home of their own. We're a community of nearly 2,000 employees that work hard to ensure that from the moment someone starts dreaming about a new home, to the moment they walk in the door and beyond, we're there to lend a helping hand. Every month, 70 million people trust us with their journey home by visiting our site and mobile apps, and we'd love to have you join our team to help.

We've got great offices across Canada and the US and lots of sweet jobs to choose from, so we're hoping you'll join us on our journey to make home buying and selling easier, and more rewarding for everyone.

Let's make a difference, together. For Real.",2.8,"realtor.com
2.8","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
254,Senior Data Scientist,"$76k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Mars Agency is a global marketing practice, specializing in marketing to shoppers, consumers and retailers across the ever-expanding omni-commerce environment. Mars uniquely refers to this environment as the A-to-V Commerce SM space, which incorporates everything from Autonomous to Voice commerce.

Mars, proud of its independence and growth-for-clients focus, operates internationally across the Americas, Europe and Asia through its network of 13 offices.

We are currently seeking a Senior Data Scientist to work out of our Bentonville or Detroit office.

The Senior Data Scientist serves as a key member of the team building out the agency’s shopper marketing mix modeling and advanced analytics offering, evolving statistical modeling and analytics with technology to develop a best-in-class platform for measurement, evaluation and marketing ROI.
What You’ll Do:
Assist in the development and implementation of the agency’s shopper marketing mix modeling platform.
Lead the continued development of the Analytics capability for the agency, helping to define the role of Analytics in all aspects of a program from planning to measurement.
Work to enhance the agency’s overall Business Intelligence offering and analytics strategy.
Define and develop compelling analytic opportunities that complement the agency’s business and result in incremental category growth opportunities for our clients.
Synthesize data from a variety of sources including IRI, Nielsen, media, customer specific POS, shopper loyalty databases, consumer research and category management tools to identify and prioritize business-building opportunities.
Consult on data strategy for the agency, in collaboration with data strategy lead. Identify potential data sources and key data points to be captured, outlining and thinking about potential future uses.
Interface with clients and internal team members to explain complex analytic concepts in an easy to understand way.
Promote advanced analytic and data science capabilities during new business pitches and within the agency’s existing clients.
Provide recommendations for cloud analytics technology and be part of the team implementing.
Work with Python and its libraries, SQL, Spark, and R, all via a Cloud-based platform.

What You Bring to Us:
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in a related field, such as statistics, mathematics, econometrics, data science, computer science, or marketing.
Minimum of 3-5 years of experience in consumer marketing or shopper marketing insights and analytics, particularly in the CPG and retail industries.
Dynamic personality able to effectively engage and influence a variety of audiences.
Proficient on querying and reducing data from large database repositories and/or flat files.
At lease 2 years of experience in/with: building efficient data processing pipelines for analytical systems using cloud based technology.
Knowledge of the digital marketing ecosystem and fluency with common web technologies, as well as knowledge of media platforms (Google DFP, Google DFA, Facebook) and 3rd Party Tools (Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Google AdWords) as well as experience with CRM Data Analysis.
Hands-on experience with experimental design, offer testing methodology,
descriptive statistics, hypothesis testing, econometric modeling, and regression analysis.
Passion about business and dissatisfaction with the status quo – always thinking of ways to improve/grow the function.
Proficiency in IRI and Nielsen systems, data management and analytics tools, and data visualization software (Tableau preferred).
Leadership and organizational skills.
Capable of handling multiple projects simultaneously.
High level of energy and enthusiasm.
Comfortable with high pressure, fluid and ambiguous situations.
Ability to travel on an as-needed basis.

The Mars Agency is an Equal Opportunity Employer and will recruit, hire, train and promote persons in all job classifications without regard to race, ancestry, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability or handicap, HIV, veteran, marital or family status, or any other status or condition protected by applicable state and/or federal laws, except where a bonafide occupational qualification applies.

The Mars Agency has developed a wide variety of inclusive benefit plans and policies that address and promote the needs of all employees and their family members, including comprehensive group health plans, a parental leave program that includes paid maternity and paternity benefits for pregnancy, adoption and surrogacy, flexible paid time off, a broad and confidential employee assistance program, ongoing wellness support initiatives, trusted financial health advice and guidance, promotion of education through tuition support and assistance, and a flexible and supportive work environment and culture.",3.2,"The Mars Agency
3.2","Rogers, AR",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1972,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
255,Senior Data Scientist,-1,"The $21B Powersports market (motorcycles, ATVs, UTVs, PWCs, snowmobiles) is all about fast and fun, but the purchasing process is slow and frustrating. Octane enables consumers to live their passion by making powersports purchases instant, seamless, and widely available. Octane launched a credit product, branded as Roadrunner Financial, in 2016 to provide financing to prime and near-prime consumers who have historically been underserved by incumbent banks, expanding coverage to 50% of responsible consumers. Together with our automated underwriting and digital buying experience, Octane and RoadRunner cut the time to close a transaction from hours to minutes.

We are both the platform and the lender, which means we have both high growth and positive unit economicsrare for a fintech. Octane has raised >$100M in equity from IA Ventures, Valar Ventures, Contour Venture Partners, Citi Ventures, and other leading investors.

We are seeking a talented data scientist to lead projects related to credit risk analytics and model development. You will be working with a versatile team of data scientists and financial professionals to design and implement models underlying the core functions of Octane's lending business and loan portfolios.

Responsibilities:
Lead and manage the development of machine learning powered predictive models for Octane's real-time credit and technology systems
Continuously drive improvements in Octane's modeling approach and architecture
Design and implement customer-facing experiments that improve our user experience and grow loan originations
Manage and mine large data sets of proprietary and third-party data to draw insights and recommendations for policy and strategy decisions
Implement statistical methods to solve specific business problems utilizing code (Python)
Champion data analytics and help advance our culture of data-driven decision-making
Requirements:
Knowledge of various data science disciplines including descriptive analytics, optimization, probability, hypothesis testing, regression, forecasting and machine learning
Understanding of end-to-end development of machine learning systems, especially feature engineering and feature selection
Experience with both model development and systems integration
Excellent Python and SQL skills and familiarity with AWS
A track record of taking initiative and driving results, and a passion to build, design and transform a young organization
Strong communication skills and experience working across teams
MS in a quantitative field, followed by 3+ years experience or BS in a quantitative field, followed by 5+ years experience
Industry experience within Consumer Credit, FinTech, Financial Services, or similar preferred
Benefits
Robust Health Care Plans (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Generous Parental Leave
Up to 5 weeks PTO (self-managed)
Retirement Plan (401k) with Company contribution
Educational Assistance/Tuition Reimbursement up to $3K/year
Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&D)
Short Term / Long Term Disability & Life insurance
Pre-Tax Commuter Benefits
Office snacks, full fridge, and drinks
Weekly catered Lunches
Monthly team outings
Fun company outings like bowling, yoga, cycling, mixology, cooking classes, & more!
Octane Lending is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or any other protected status with respect to recruitment, hiring, promotion and other terms and conditions of employment.",4.1,"Octane
4.1","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
256,"Data Scientist, Business Operations - Austin","$78k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At realtor.com, we process terabytes of data everyday and transform that data into information that powers decisions for millions of home buyers, renters, dreamers, and real estate professionals. We aim to radically simplify home buying/selling and help more people achieve buy and live in their dream home on our realtor.com website and mobile apps.

We seek a Data Scientist to join our monetization data science team and help take it to the next level. As a key member of the team, you will be responsible for the development of innovative concepts, research, predictive modeling, and machine learning algorithms.

Responsibilities:
Understand the business and data models to effectively query data
Effectively partner with product and engineering teams to build new data driven and machine learning based features for enriching the consumer experience of home shoppers, renters and sellers.
Perform exploratory analysis on realtor.com's wealth of data.
Develop predictive, explanatory models and machine learning algorithms.
Create automated learning systems that gracefully scale to increasing complexity and expectation.
Design and build data science solutions to drive revenue growth, customer retention and support strategic decision making.
Generate descriptive visualizations and presentations to communicate insights.
Drive A/B & multivariate tests and design of experiments to facilitate testing of new product and design features, with focus on improving engagement, retention, and conversion.
Help improve the scope of our data sets by identifying new data collection and procurement opportunities on an ongoing basis.
Work with a sense urgency, advocate for experimentation based, agile culture.
Drive a project forward given moderate oversight.
Requirements:
PhD/MS in computer science, statistics, mathematics, operations research or related fields and 2+ years of experience or a BS in related fields with 4+ years of experience.
2+ years of relevant experience in data science, machine learning or applied statistics.
Experience with Machine Learning, NLP and data mining tools and underlying algorithms.
Experienced in Python, R, Spark or other languages and frameworks appropriate for large scale analysis of structured and unstructured data.
Experience with Docker and AWS and taking a prototype into production.
Working experience with relational databases (SQL) and large scale distributed systems.
Experience with experiment design and A/B and multivariate tests.
Strong creative thinking and problem solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills.
about realtor.com

At realtor.com®, we believe that everyone deserves a home of their own. We're a community of nearly 2,000 employees that work hard to ensure that from the moment someone starts dreaming about a new home, to the moment they walk in the door and beyond, we're there to lend a helping hand. Every month, 70 million people trust us with their journey home by visiting our site and mobile apps, and we'd love to have you join our team to help.

We've got great offices across Canada and the US and lots of sweet jobs to choose from, so we're hoping you'll join us on our journey to make home buying and selling easier, and more rewarding for everyone.

Let's make a difference, together. For Real.",2.8,"realtor.com
2.8","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
257,Computer Data Scientist,"$84k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
As an early to mid-career Data Scientist, you might be wondering what makes MITRE different than other government contractors and consulting firms. Many of our recent hires answered YES to at least one of the questions below:
Are you interested in contributing to technical projects that you can feel passionate about?
Are you tired of having your performance tied to billable hours?
Do you want to feel like your ideas are valued and you are more than just an FTE?
Are you interested in working for a company where a 40-hour week is the norm and not the exception?
Do you want exceptional benefits, including tuition reimbursement for coursework towards an advance degree in a technical discipline?
The Model-Based Analytics Department is seeking a motivated, creative Data Scientist to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to interact directly with government leaders in a fast-paced and dynamic atmosphere with the ability to make a difference and impact outcomes with solid analysis.
Our employees are expected to work on multiple projects, cross-pollinate good ideas across the government and continuously learn. We are truly an interdisciplinary department that thrives on having a large toolbox to support data- and model-driven decision making. We value people who can bring diverse perspectives.
Our department works to solve problems in the public interest, in partnership with the government. We also actively conduct independent research in areas of interest to our government partners. Once established with a proven track record of quality delivery and consistent performance, members of our department have latitude to select projects

To be successful you will:
Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.
Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.
Work with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.
Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.
Provide relevant day-to-day tasking for one or more junior staff.
Lead projects throughout their life cycle, including conceptualization, requirements definition, data procurement, development, integration, and socialization.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor of Science degree or equivalent knowledge and skills
Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances.

Required Qualifications:
Significant academic concentration in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research or Computer Science.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R or Java.
Experience visualizing multi-dimensional data using tools like Tableau, ggplot2, matplotlib, seaborn, or D3.js.
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
Demonstrated experience leading customer facing engagements emphasizing data analytics.
Ability to obtain and maintain a Secret level security clearance
Position will be located in Bedford, MA or Mclean, VA
Preferred Qualifications:
Research experience
Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines).
Prior experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j).
Experience using version control (e.g., Git, Mercurial, SVN) to support collaborative development.
Advanced degree in Operations Research, Statistics or Data Science.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","Bedford, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
258,Senior Clinical Development Scientist,"$22k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Clinical Development Scientist*
As a Senior Clinical Development Scientist at Invivoscribe you are responsible for implementing company protocols in laboratory experiments. It is your job to ensure that product research and development is performed in a manner that complies with applicable regulations and industry standards. More specifically:

Supports development projects that includes generating analytical data for CAP accredited/CLIA certified assays.

Automates complex assays on liquid handlers.

Designs, leads execution of, and documents highly complex experiments that support the development of diagnostic reagents and assays.

Writes and finalizes protocols and reports according to standard guidelines when they are available.

Maintains a laboratory notebook that records all aspects of experimental design and results.

Uses laboratory techniques such as preparation of buffers and media, aseptic technique, cell culture, specimen processing, nucleic acid isolation and manipulation, PCR, and gel and capillary electrophoresis.

Independently operates laboratory equipment such as thermocyclers, next generation sequencing platforms, spectrophotometers, fluorometers, centrifuges, cell counters, autoclaves, scales, and DNA isolation workstations.
Skills and Experience Required: *
PhD in a scientific discipline and 5+ years in molecular biology or equivalent.

B.S. or M.S. degree and 8+ years in molecular biology or equivalent.

Experience with next generation sequencing technology, proven track record of automating complex assays and experience in product development is highly preferred.

Experience in clinical lab or FDA regulated environment highly preferred.

Extensive experience with nucleic acid purification, amplification, and related techniques.

Ability to troubleshoot and solve complex technical issues across multiple assays and platforms.

Working knowledge of quality and regulatory requirements for medical devices including QSR and ISO quality system standards and the IVD Directive.

Well-developed technical writing skills and verbal communication, able to create and deliver presentations before groups of professionals.

Proficient computer skills and good working knowledge of Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel).

Ability to follow and adhere to Standardized Operating Procedures (SOPs) as well as written and verbal instructions.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.invivoscribe.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.3,"Invivoscribe, Inc.
3.3","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
259,Data Analyst,"$53k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Nexon, a world leader in online games, is building a workplace based on mutual respect, good humor, and the pursuit of excellence because we believe that great games can only be built by amazing people. Our vision is to create high quality, innovative online games that create unforgettable experiences for players around the world.

Nexon has an ever-expanding worldwide team of over 6,000 employees and boasts a diverse global portfolio that includes titles like MapleStory, Dungeon Fighter Online, KartRider and many more. If you want to be part of building an exciting game company and help chart the course of online gaming, let's talk!

Job Description

The Data Analyst is responsible for providing in-depth data mining and data analyses to multiple departments, with a focus on understanding our customers and identifying ways to improve the user experience within our games.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
Identify, design, prioritize and develop data analyses to create unique business insights; perform detailed data exploration and validation to understand customers
Identify key analytic metrics; build reports and present key insights to ensure that data drives actions to improve the business; examine and analyze available information to determine patterns and gaps at a strategic level and recommend a course of action to support internal and external users
Research and analyze web and game usage data and recommend solutions; analyze user experience and business processes in order to identify opportunities for improvement
Document business needs, prioritize requested functionality, and validate requirements against strategic goals and project objectives
Provide reporting and performance monitoring by using data drawn from diverse sources
Other duties as assigned
Type of Decisions made by this position?
Analyze game data and make recommendations for improvement
Prioritize data requests
Documentation of the department's business needs
Work Experience
3+ years of experience in data analytics or a related field
2+ years of experience with analytics software such as Google Analytics
2+ years' experience with Marketing Intelligence Platforms such as Singular
Experience with data extraction and manipulation tools and Data Mining tools
Online gaming experience preferred
Education, Professional Training, Technical Training or Certification
Master's Degree preferred or Bachelor's degree with equivalent experience
Knowledge/Skills
Excellent knowledge of statistical analysis
Ability to extract data by writing your own SQL queries
Experience using Tableau or similar BI tools
Programming for data analysis (R or Python) preferred
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Able to manage shifting priorities in a fast-paced environment
Exceptional Excel and PowerPoint skills
Excellent time and project management skills
Management has the right to add or change duties and job requirements at any time.

Nexon's benefits and perks:

We offer medical, dental and vision plans for you, your spouse or domestic partner, and your children. Employees who enroll in the high deductible health plan receive an annual employer contribution to a health savings account and company paid hospital indemnity benefits. We also provide company-paid life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability benefits as well as access to voluntary life and AD&D for yourself and your dependents, flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) savings plan with a company match, and pet insurance. Nexies are encouraged to take advantage of our monthly wellness credit, participate in lunchtime yoga, and enroll in language classes. We host bi-monthly catered lunches, monthly happy hours, and maintain a well-stocked snack bar. To help you maintain a good work-life balance, we offer paid time off, sick days, company holidays, and a year-end break.

Nexon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

]]>",2.6,"Nexon America Inc
2.6","El Segundo, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$10+ billion (USD),-1
260,AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer at ConsumerMedical,-1,"AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer

ConsumerMedical

Norwell, MA or Bloomington, MN

COMPANY PROFILE

ConsumerMedical (www.consumermedical.com) is a leading healthcare decision support and clinical concierge company serving over 4 million individuals through some of the nation's largest employers, health plans and private exchanges. As a Medical Ally, ConsumerMedical (CM) guides participants throughout their healthcare journey with compassionate, high-touch support and deep clinical expertise.

ConsumerMedical offers a fully integrated suite of solutions including Medical Decision Support, Expert Medical Opinions, Claims Advocacy and more, helping individuals and families navigate the healthcare system while reducing unnecessary elective surgeries and driving patients to the highest quality providers. The result is better care for patients, more empowered healthcare decisions for employees and their families, and a better bottom line for business. The company is headquartered outside Boston in Norwell, MA.

We offer an opportunity to contribute immediately, have a voice that’s recognized, and make decisions that have impact while building a career with a fast-growing organization. ConsumerMedical offers a healthy work-life balance and is an inclusive employer seeking to foster a diverse and collaborative culture. We are currently seeking a full time AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer to join our growing team.

GENERAL SUMMARY

Our data analytics / engineering teams are looking for an AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer who wants to bring our platform(s) to the next level, expanding into new market opportunities. In undertaking this challenge, you will be working with data scientists, software engineers, and data providers to maintain data and transforms on that data. In this role, you will lead and be responsible for creating and maintaining data pipelines for healthcare application(s) developed and managed in Azure Cloud Services. The pipelines include big data primarily from commercial healthcare claims, provider data, CMS and other proprietary quality and clinical data sources. All data and pipelines are used for machine learning and artificial intelligence to advance to and enhance applications which help ConsumerMedical maintain its leadership position in the 5 drivers of quality. This is a key role to a team who are at the forefront of the latest technologies and immersed in development on cloud services with new and emerging healthcare data sources.

Our team of industry experts work in a fast-paced, rapid-learning environment in software development, working with massive data sets, and healthcare data analytics. In our environment, everyone is encouraged to make a difference without experiencing the fixed ways of doing business in larger, bureaucratic organizations.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

Data engineering leadership and architecture responsible to collect, aggregate, store, and reconcile data to Azure in support of healthcare business decisions.
Design and build data pipelines, data streams, and data services on Azure which drive data driven, qualitative, quality insights and application enhancement / search results.
Build / architect processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Architect / deliver modern data solutions leveraging components like Azure functions, Azure Data Factory, Data Flows, Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL, Azure Data Bricks, Streaming Analytics and related
Enable data pipelines between structured and unstructured data sources and company’s Enterprise Data Warehouse on Azure through a continuous process of data scrapping, structure transformation cleansing and formatting in SQL / Python
Working with Data Scientists, Engineering and Physicians to build an enhanced data ecosystem and build new integrated solutions to provide a holistic set of industry-leading data and analytic capabilities including Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and real-time insights
Support business users on functional and data requirements to enhance data models and pipelines
Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms
Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe action
Critical part of the data supply chain, ensuring that our clients can access and manipulate data for routine and ad hoc analysis to drive business outcomes using Advanced Analytics at terabyte size data scale.
Analyze the business, functional, and technical issues in order to successfully implement innovative BI solutions on Azure.
Integral team member to the design, development, and delivery of all modern BI solutions on Azure for our internal / external clients
Technologies include:
SQL
Python
JavaScript
Elasticsearch, Kibana, Logstash
Azure Data Technologies, specifically Databricks, Data Factory, Blob storage
Snowflake Data Warehouse
Prepare, clean, aggregate and interpret big data (billions+ rows) in support of advanced analytic projects across the organization
Ideal candidate will have a knack for big picture/critical thinking, as well as enjoy being very hands-on in a fast paced, innovative environment.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Data Science, or related field
3+ years of experience architecting and building Azure Big Data architecture, Enterprise Analytics Solutions, and optimizing 'big data' data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience with Design and Architecture of Azure big data frameworks/tools: Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Bricks, Azure ML, SQL Data Warehouse, HDInsight
Strong background in Big Data and Cloud technologies:
Preferred: Azure (Azure Functions, Azure SQL Database, Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, Azure Blob), Snowflake Data Warehouse);
Similar: Hadoop, PySpark, Hive, Big Query, AWS (EC2, RDS, CloudFormation, S3), Google Cloud Platform.
Strong background in distributed data processing and software engineering, can build high-quality, scalable data products.
Deep technical knowledge of data architectures, databases, data modeling and data infrastructure in the cloud (i.e.- Azure, AWS, Google Cloud)
Experience designing and developing data cleansing routines utilizing typical data quality functions involving standardization, transformation, rationalization, linking and matching
Deep hands-on experience with SQL including ability to write, analyze, and debug SQL and Python
Highly skilled in areas of structured data (e.g. join types, inner, outer), understanding of when tables should/shouldn’t have duplicates (many to many; 1 to many joins)
Experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Vision and/or Conversational/NLP applications
Ideal candidate has healthcare, pharmaceutical or biomedical data experience with a focus on improved patient care, quality of care, patient engagement, provider experience, and system efficiency
Experience with code deployment in Azure Databricks environment preferred.
Knowledge of data, master data and metadata related standards, processes and technology
Strong hands on experience with data core modernization and data ingestion
Preferred experience with Snowflake Data Warehouse systems
Experience in designing and implementing scalable, distributed systems leveraging cloud computing technologies like Microsoft Azure, AWS EC2, and AWS Elastic Map
Familiarity with DevOps tools like Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Maven etc.
Experience working with Azure data integration techniques & self-service data preparation.
Assist business users on functional and data requirements to enhance data models and pipelines

Please submit resume and cover letter for consideration.

Disclaimers:

Applicants, as well as position incumbents, who become disabled as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act must be able to perform the essential job functions (as listed) either unaided or with the assistance of a reasonable accommodation to be determined by management on a case by case basis.

ConsumerMedical is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity. Applicants for employment and employees are reviewed on their individual qualifications for a position. Under no circumstances will ConsumerMedical discriminate against qualified persons on the basis of race, color, religious creed, retaliation, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity/expression, disability, mental illness, genetics, choice of health insurance, marital status, age, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited under applicable law.",3.7,"Insight Performance
3.7","Minneapolis, MN",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
261,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - DECISION TECHNOLOGIES,"$43k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join a team that develops creative solutions for a variety of commercial and military applications across the human performance domain; physical, cognitive, and social. Interface with technical clients and colleagues to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives on a frequent basis. Work in various phases of the system lifecycle, including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation. Apply aspects of systems engineering, an understanding of biomechanical and physiological systems, and the nature and limitations of hardware and software to ensure that the underlying systems work properly. Additional information about the type of work can be found at: https://hpi.swri.org.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree in Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or closely related disciplines with 0-2 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. Must have coursework or experience in more than one of the following: image and video processing, network and routing protocols, and machine learning or neural networks. Strong software skills are required. Experience in C++, C#, and/or Python is preferred. Experience with Linux, real-time operating systems, user interface design, and/or multithreaded programming is a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required. Must be able to work in project team environments and independently. Must have excellent problem-solving skills, be self-motivated, and be driven by challenging problems. Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail with an aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
262,Project Manager/Senior Scientist,-1,"Project Manager/Senior Scientist*
Boyle Associates, a subsidiary of CEA, is a full-service environmental consulting firm located on the working waterfront in Portland, Maine. Our staff has extensive experience in meeting client needs of early stage development and preliminary project diligence, support in developing permit applications and obtaining regulatory approvals, and supporting compliance and oversight during construction.
We support our clients on diverse projects in both terrestrial and marine environments. We work on a great variety of projects and this position offers a growth opportunity to the right applicant.

Boyle is seeking applicants for the position of Project Manager/Senior Scientist. This position is assigned to our Portland, Maine office located at 254 Commercial Street and reports to the company
Principal. The successful applicant will help to lead our company’s portfolio of projects and be responsible for managing timelines, the development of technical reports, permit documents, and regulatory applications. Preference given to those with demonstrated permitting experience in our region.

This position will closely coordinate with all Boyle staff and other companies that are part of the CEA family. Specific duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: Successfully leads projects through completion and implements standards and processes for quality assurance and quality control of all project deliverables; Coordinate field efforts and technical studies to implement a well-managed process serving the diverse needs of our clients; Analyze current business processes and document control requirements; Facilitate collection and delivery of environmental data and use analytical/planning tools; Continually seek to improve practices to add quality and value in support of Boyle’s growth and practice goals while identifying and eliminating unnecessary and redundant actions.

MINIMUM ENTRANCE REQUIREMENTS: Applicants must have at least (A) six (6) years of full-time professional, administrative, supervisory, or managerial experience in business administration, business management, public administration, public management, clinical administration or clinical management of which (B) at least two (2) years must have been in a project management, supervisory or managerial capacity working as a consultant in the New England market. This is in addition to the following;

 Willingness to learn and a positive attitude
 Ability to thrive is a fast paced and variable work environment.
 Ability to travel and work extended hours during the field season.
 Experience leading teams and overseeing and ensuring work quality of others.
 Experience using full suite of Microsoft office tools (Project, Excel, etc.)
 Ability to effectively manage data and develop organize file structures.
 Willing and capable of working as part of a team.
 Able to develop and implement complex analytical decision making under pressure.

If you are interested in joining our team please submit a resume and cover letter. Please mention the position you are applying for in your cover letter and include salary requirements. Send resume to

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Experience:
Environmental Permitting/Project Management: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Required travel:
25% (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location",4.5,"Boyle Associates, a subsidiary of CEA
4.5","Portland, ME",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
263,"Research Scientist, Immuno-Oncology (PhD Required)",-1,"Position Summary: *
The research scientist will be involved in conducting immune-oncology research programs directed at identifying new therapeutic targets and development drug development programs in cancer around these targets. The candidate will write scientific publications, grant and patent applications. The responsibilities of this position include developing and executing cell-based assays, _in vitro,_ _ex vivo_ and _in vivo_ to characterize biological mechanisms of action of novel immunotherapeutic product candidates for the treatment of cancer. The candidate will be aligned with four fundamental pillars of BTI's entrepreneurial corporate culture: 1) Be bold and decisive, 2) Never give up, 3) Be solution-oriented, and 4) Do the impossible.
Responsibilities: *
· _Experimental Design: _ Generate and test novel experimental hypotheses to advance discovery-based R&D at BTI. Propose controlled designs capable of robustly testing respective hypotheses to draw conclusions relevant to drug development research.

· _Data analysis: _ Utilize established and novel methods to analyze data. Data types will include but are not limited to flow cytometry results, high-throughput sequencing, protein biochemistry assays, and histopathology.

· _Data communication and reporting: _ Provide detailed reports of experimental results. Generate figures, presentations and publications to communicate results with scientific community, investors, and collaborators. Support the development of peer reviewed scientific publications, patents and grants relevant to ongoing research.

· _Laboratory Procedures_: Perform various standard experimental assays including quantitative real-time PCR, Western blot, flow cytometry, and ELISA. Work in sterile conditions to conduct cell culture experiments and maintain the growth of cell lines. Express and purify recombinant protein. Collect and analyze generated data.

· _Personnel Training_: Training of BTI personnel on laboratory upkeep, experimental assays and research projects. Guide the personnel resourcing of projects and tasks.

· _Animal Procedures_: Conduct various IACUC approved laboratory animal procedures and techniques for BTI’s projects including but not limited to basic rodent handling, oral gavage, intraperitoneal injection, blood collection, and euthanasia. Interact with animal facility personnel to maintain organization and compliance of animal facilities. Will design new animal studies for projects related to therapeutic efficacy or mechanisms of action of new drugs for autoimmune diseases.

· _Teamwork_: Work independently and collaboratively in a matrixed environment. Be able to successfully work with other BTI team members in experiments.

· _Regulatory Compliance_: Support regulatory compliance efforts as instructed by the senior leadership in accordance with IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocols. Implement, organize and maintain regulatory compliance records.

· _Record keeping_: Keep detailed records of all activities, record these activities in ASANA, Google Drive, laboratory notebook, the BTI’s Colony Management System (CMS), and Labkey. Provide weekly updates of the BTI research progress to the Scientific Director, and BTI team. Maintains confidentiality of all data, information and knowledge.

· Maintain the confidentiality of all company deliberations and plans.

· Any new responsibilities or changes in the reporting structure as directed by the executive leadership.

· Act in accordance with Company’s policies.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $48,814.00 - $91,451.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.biotherapeuticsinc.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"BioTherapeutics, Inc.","Blacksburg, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
264,Staff Data Scientist,"$123k-$196k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At realtor.com, we process terabytes of data everyday and transform that data into information that powers decisions for millions of home buyers, renters, dreamers, and real estate professionals. We aim to radically simplify home buying/selling and help more people achieve the American dream on our realtor.com website and mobile apps.

What will you do?

We seek a highly seasoned Staff Data Scientist to join our experienced data science team and help take it to the next level. As a key member of the team, you will be responsible for the development of innovative concepts, research, predictive modeling, and machine learning algorithms. You will serve as a mentor for the junior data scientists on the team and provide guidance on their individual projects.

Responsibilities:
Develop predictive, explanatory models and machine learning algorithms.
Create automated learning systems that gracefully scale to increasing complexity and expectation.
Perform exploratory analysis on realtor.com's wealth of data including consumer web and mobile behavior and North America's most comprehensive and up-to-date listings and properties data set.
Effectively partner with product and engineering teams to build new data driven and machine learning based features for enriching the consumer experience of home shoppers, renters and sellers.
Design and build data science solutions to drive revenue growth, customer retention and support strategic decision making.
Generate descriptive visualizations and presentations to communicate insights.
Drive A/B & multivariate tests and design of experiments to facilitate testing of new product and design features, with focus on improving engagement, retention, and conversion.
Help improve the scope of our data sets by identifying new data collection and procurement opportunities on an ongoing basis.
Mentor a team of data scientists on data exploration, machine learning and developing data-oriented products.
Work with a sense of ownership and urgency, advocate for experimentation based, agile culture.
What will you bring?
Requirements:
PhD/MS in computer science, statistics, mathematics, operations research or related fields.
4+ years of relevant experience in data science, machine learning or applied statistics.
Experience with Machine Learning, NLP or Computer Vision and data mining tools and underlying algorithms.
Experienced in Python, R, Spark or other languages and frameworks appropriate for large scale analysis of structured and unstructured data.
Working experience with relational databases (SQL) and large scale distributed systems.
Experience with experiment design and A/B and multivariate tests.
Proven track record of developing online data products.
Strong creative thinking and problem solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills.
About realtor.com

At realtor.com®, we believe that everyone deserves a home of their own. We're a community of nearly 2,000 employees that work hard to ensure that from the moment someone starts dreaming about a new home, to the moment they walk in the door and beyond, we're there to lend a helping hand. Every month, 70 million people trust us with their journey home by visiting our site and mobile apps, and we'd love to have you join our team to help.

We've got great offices across Canada and the US and lots of sweet jobs to choose from, so we're hoping you'll join us on our journey to make home buying and selling easier, and more rewarding for everyone.

Let's make a difference, together. For Real.

#LI-IH1",2.8,"realtor.com
2.8","Santa Clara, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
265,Business Intelligence Analyst & Developer,"$36k-$74k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Everyone wants to work with people they respect. Even better if you can work with a company you respect. We have both at The David J. Joseph Company, and a 135+ year track record on operating an ethical business with a positive work culture. It may sound cliché, but it’s true. We’re a big, global company that still feels small.

Working at the David J. Joseph Company is unique. We offer employment in diverse settings such as traditional corporate headquarters, dynamic sales locations, and scrap recycling facilities. This workplace diversity gives our employees the variety they crave and the exposure to a global business. A career at The David J. Joseph Company is ideal for self-starters seeking to make an impact on our company and their careers.

The David J. Joseph Company (DJJ), founded in 1885, is a world leader in scrap metal recycling & trading. With over 80+ locations, the Joseph Company is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nucor Corporation (NUE) a Fortune 200 Company.

Responsibilities
Performs solution design, development, testing, debugging and maintenance for one or more of the following enterprise data team areas of responsibility:
Enterprise data modeling
ETL systems
BI semantic layers
Dashboards and reports
Ad-hoc data analysis
Participates in requirements gathering, design sessions, fact-finding and prototyping activities to drive business adoption of data products.
Documents detailed solution specifications, data mappings, test cases and maintenance routines.
Works collaboratively with other team members to evolve best practices and team standards for data visualization, data modeling, or data integration.
Develops and maintains knowledge of customer’s business by learning through a mix of project work, partnering with business users, and seeking out learning opportunities.
Participates, along with other team members, in a support rotation, handling system triage and resolving user-facing tickets.
Delivers solutions that are optimized for performance and proactively tunes and refactors existing solutions.
Develops and refines new and existing data products to ensure data quality and single source of truth.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or Business-related discipline is preferred. Equivalent combination of experience and education will be considered.
Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience including working knowledge of relational databases, data warehouse environments, and SQL.
Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience with business intelligence, data integration or data analytics tools and languages (for example: MicroStrategy, PowerBI, Tableau, MDX, multidimensional or tabular cubes; ETL development; R, Python).
Preferred experience utilizing source control systems to perform development tasks (git or TFS).
Preferred experience developing cloud-based data solutions (Azure, SnowFlake, RedShift, etc.)
Demonstrates working knowledge, practical skills and the ability to perform work under moderate supervision.
Must be detail-oriented with the ability to manage multiple assignments effectively.
Requires effective communication skills to convey status, ideas and concepts in a team environment.
Requires professional demeanor with a high degree of flexibility, responsiveness and self-direction.
Benefits


We offer a competitive compensation and benefit package including paid training, bonus program, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverage, vacation, paid holidays, a 401(k) plan with match, tuition reimbursement and other great benefits.

EEO Statement


The David J Joseph Company (DJJ) is a drug-free workplace and conducts pre-employment testing as a condition of employment.DJJ is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, sex, pregnancy, lactation/breastfeeding, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, marital status, familial status, disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations. DJJ hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled. If you’d like more information on your EEO rights under the law, please click here.

DJJ reasonably accommodates qualified individuals with disabilities to enable them to receive equal employment opportunity and/or perform the essential functions of the job, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship to the Company. This applies to all applicants and teammates.DJJ also provides a work environment in which each teammate is able to be productive and work to the best of his or her ability. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment. We expect and require the cooperation of all teammates in maintaining an atmosphere free from discrimination and harassment with mutual respect by and for all teammates and applicants.

E-Verify Information | E-Verify Notice

EJN


EJN",4.5,"The David J. Joseph Company
4.5","Cincinnati, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1885,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Metals Brokers,Mining & Metals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
266,"Quantitative Analyst, Investing Intelligence","$82k-$158k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you an Analytics Indiana Jones? Do you enjoy digging up unique insights in the strangest, most remote datasets, but you know how to properly handle artifacts? If you answered “yes” to any of those questions, then we would love to talk with you about joining our Investing Intelligence team as a Quantitative Analyst

Our purpose at The Motley Fool is to help people become Smarter, Happier, and Richer. We educate people on everything from how to choose the best credit card to how to make the most of their 401(k). The Economist has called The Motley Fool “an ethical oasis” within the financial industry, and we are looking to expand our unique brand of advice to even more kinds of financial conundrums.

If you think you have what it takes to join our band of merry Fools, please send us your resume and Foolishly written cover letter!

Required Qualifications:
• You have undergraduate training in either Statistics, Finance, Economics or a similar discipline and 4 years of applied experience. Or, you have a similar graduate degree with 2 years of experience.

• You’re fascinated by markets and investing. You’ve either applied your quantitative skills to markets as a professional or as a passionate hobbyist. (Self-taught hackers who can show their skills are always welcome!)

• You write terse, powerful code in R or Python, both for interactive analysis and building robust, analytics systems.

• SQL is your jam. You don't just query a database – you interrogate it. Bonus points for advanced experience building functions and stored procedures and comfort specifically with SQL Server and PostgreSQL.

• You find unconventional solutions to questions that aren't covered in textbooks. You're comfortable working with dirty data, nonparametric analysis and drawing conclusions from incomple inf...

Preferred Skills:
• You got the jokes in the last section.

• You have experience working with financial data, particularly index development, factor research, strategy backtesting and performance attribution.

• You can tell your histograms from your Lorenz curves and know your way around visualization tools, like ggplot2 and matplotlib, and reporting platforms, like Periscope Data and Tableau.

• You’re a full stack quant and know how to get your hands dirty with less glamorous tasks like data cleaning and ETL. You've developed robust ETL pipelines, using tools like Talend, Xplenty and Microsoft SSIS.

Key Projects and Responsibilities:

• Collaborate with the other analysts on original alpha research, searching the universe for factors that help our models beat the stock market

• Conduct Brinson and factor-based performance attribution to help the Fool’s fundamental research analysts and services understand their performance and make better decisions.

• Help design and implement a robust system meant to keep data from various sources clean and flowing to the team’s research

• Conduct ad-hoc research for stakeholders across the marketing, product and investing teams into what investment strategies and policies generate the best returns

• Pitch in on efforts to infuse data-driven investing insights throughout our business lines.",4.6,"The Motley Fool
4.6","Alexandria, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
267,Health Data Analyst,"$48k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Tuesday, August 18, 2020

JOB SUMMARY:

Extract and analyze health care data for specific studies and corporate initiatives, assisting with data intensive projects. Serve as a technical resource to department staff and management. Work with management of operational areas to assist them in accumulating data to meet their needs. Provide advice to management regarding effective techniques to analyze and report on data to display the most effective result.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Perform routine to moderately complex analysis and design for various business applications.
Create reports and spreadsheets displaying data in a logical and concise manner.
Develop procedures to enhance reporting and query capabilities to improve efficiency and accuracy.
Maintain documentation of business specifications pertinent to the business requirements.
Provide fundamental analytical support to the organization by developing and promoting consistent analytical methodologies.
Design and model data extractions and provide comprehensive assessments of trends and data.
Participate in department initiatives and projects.
Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experience
Three to five years of health data analysis, business analysis, software application, database design, and technical documentation experience
Preferred Education, Additional Qualifications and Experience:
Knowledge of applied statistics
Knowledge of econometric modeling
HIAA certification
Experience in the health insurance industry
Required Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities:
Advanced analytical skills, with the ability to interpret and synthesize complex data sets
Understanding of SAS programming, spreadsheet, and database software and other application development tools
Good business acumen and political savvy
Knowledge of business process improvement techniques and strategies
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Negotiation skills
Presentation skills
Decision-making skills
Good problem solving skills
Ability to interface with employees at all levels
Ability to effectively navigate ambiguous situations with limited direction
Excellent organizational skills and ability to successfully prioritize multiple tasks
Ability to handle multiple priorities/projects

At Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island (BCBSRI), diversity and inclusion are central to our core values and strengthen our ability to meet the challenges of today's healthcare industry. BCBSRI is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information and gender identity or expression.
The law requires an employer to post notices describing the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, and genetic information and gender identity or expression. Please visit http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf to view the ""EEO is the Law"" poster.

Other details
Pay Type
Salary",3.6,"Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island
3.6","Providence, RI",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1939,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
268,"Data Science & Engineering Internship, Summer 2021",-1,"Cognite is looking for its next cohort of high-impact interns. At Cognite, interns are on the front lines of our mission to liberate customers’ silo’d industrial data. We are looking for candidates that are eager to engage challenges within data engineering, data science, and/or front-end development. We expect that interns fill key roles on our dynamic customer projects and work closely with the Cognite Team and our enthusiastic customers to rapidly build and scale their digital transformations. The internship program is intended to expose candidates to the implementation lifecycle of our core product, Cognite Data Fusion, and dependent on your background and interests may include:
Wrangling connected industrial data (1000+ of sensors, billions of data points, work orders, log entries, ...) in CDF using our Python SDK, SQL, and Apache Spark Data Source, JavaScript, C++
Perform data cleansing and exploratory data analysis
Prototype and deploy machine learning models
Build dashboards in Grafana or Power BI
Establish good relationships with key IT Data Managers and Business Data Managers, to drive long-term adoption of Cognite’s products and services
Collaborate with our R&D and Product Management teams to turn customer needs into a prioritized product roadmap
Develop state-of-the-art applications using the latest and greatest technology available
Build reusable code and libraries
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs
Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability
**This internship is geared towards students with experience in and interest for Data Science, Data Engineering or both. Depending on your interests and customer needs you will get to work with one area or both over the course of your internship.
Who You Are
This role is for students pursuing an undergrad/grad degree in a relevant field (Computer Science, Data Science, Math, Petroleum/Electrical/Mechanical Engineering)
We look for technical competency (github, coding interview, hackerank), drive (self-training / projects) and customer empathy (project experience).
Ability and eagerness to travel during the internship program
Teamwork is an important part of the role. You collaborate well, and bring out the best in your colleagues as they do in you.
Grit and determination to ""figure it out"" when technology is disagreeable
Passion for building things that are used by others
You are excited to learn about the physical/industrial world from real experts (our customers).
Role to be based in Houston or Austin, TX
What Makes Us Great
An opportunity to make an impact on the industrial future and be part of disruptive and groundbreaking global projects
High level of autonomy, ability to influence decisions and to learn from mistakes
Work along side a driven, engaging team with in-depth software expertise and industry experience
Opportunity to join Together@Cognite for social, community, and diversity initiatives
Focus on agility and speed, openness, togetherness, impact, and obligation to speak up
Join a team that truly lives their values and brings their whole selves to Cognite
Perks & Benefits
Competitive Compensation
Learning & Development Stipends
Global Mobility & Exchange Program
FriYay Catered Lunch + Fully Stocked Fridges
About Cognite


Cognite is a global industrial AI software-as-a-service (SaaS) company supporting the full-scale digital transformation of heavy-asset industries around the world. Our interdisciplinary team includes more than 300 of the best software developers, data scientists, designers, 3D specialists, and industry professionals. Together, we have built Cognite Data Fusion, a software package that empowers companies in industries like Oil & Gas, Shipping, and Manufacturing to extract value from data by transforming it into useful information.

Headquartered in Oslo, Norway, Cognite has garnered the attention and partnership of some of the world's top industrial and tech companies, and the company’s success has been profiled in publications like Boston Consulting Group, Bloomberg, Digital Energy Journal, and Houston Chronicle. Tech5 named Cognite one of Norway’s top scale-ups as part of Tech5 2020 and Technical Ukeblad named CEO, Dr. John Markus Lervik Technology Leader of the Year during the Tech Awards 2019.",4.9,"Cognite
4.9","Houston, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
269,Head of Data & Insights,-1,"As Skillshare’s Head of Data and Analytics, you’ll lead and develop the team that answers the big questions that shape the growth of our business and community. Reporting to our CFO, this will be a highly visible, cross-functional role that works closely with the company’s executive leadership and supports their various teams and functions. With more than 12 million users, 30,000 classes and hundreds of millions of minutes watched every year, this is a data leader’s dream job.
What you'll do:
Data and analytics: Your team will answer the big questions around our product, content, and community. What content drives the most engagement and retention? How do we cluster and segment our users to deliver a personalized experience? What features help us optimize for retention and growth?
Business intelligence: The day-to-day tracking of our core operations. Every week you’ll lead the conversation about what numbers are up or down and why, and keep the departmental leads focused on the most important metrics and KPIs.
Data foundations & infrastructure: We see the data organization as absolutely essential to our long-term growth and strategy, and we will look to you to see around corners and develop the people, processes, and infrastructure we need to reach our full potential. In this function, you will partner closely with the data engineering team and our CTO.
Why we're excited about you:
Communications: Data can make your head hurt, but you package and communicate the essential information in a way that is perfectly tailored to your audience. You can go deep and technical with your team of data scientists, and you can bring it up a few notches for Board presentations and investor decks.
Partnership: This is a highly cross-functional role, and your visibility and accessibility across the organization make you a go-to resource and valued partner to our teams.
Technical skill: You inherit a strong group of data scientists and analysts, and your technical expertise makes you a valuable sounding board and mentor to the current team and future hires.
People management: We place a lot of value on great managers, and you are an accomplished leader, coach, recruiter, and mentor.
Strategic: You may have the technical details nailed, but you know how to pull back and see the forest through the trees. Your insights will be essential as we plot our long-term strategy and vision.
Why you're excited about us:
Impact: There are few roles at Skillshare that will have more impact and visibility. Your team will be partnering with every department to give them the data and insights they need to achieve their goals.
Growth: You’ll have the opportunity to wear a lot of hats and take on more responsibility over time. We have a fresh $70 million in capital and a very, very long to-do list.
Teamwork: We have a passionate, talented team that is a lot of fun to work with.
Mission: We’re doing work that matters – connecting lifelong learners around the world and empowering them to pursue their creativity.
Flexibility: We believe that doing your best work means living a full life. That means different things for everyone, so we optimize for trust, invest to support remote teams, have an unlimited vacation policy (with a required minimum!), and encourage work-life balance.
About Skillshare

Skillshare is an online learning community for creatives. We have thousands of inspiring classes for creative and curious people, and millions of members who come together to find inspiration and take the next step in their creative journey. We are a series-D company backed by OMERS, Union Square Ventures, Spark Capital, Amasia, Spero Ventures, and Burda Principal Investments.

Skillshare is committed to building a diverse team that reflects a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We’re proud to be recognized as a top place to work by BuiltinNYC, Crain’s, and Forbes, in addition to being one of the five best places to work for women by Bpeace, and a top-rated workplace for dads by Fatherly. We work to ensure a consistent interview process, fair compensation, and inclusive work environment for all.",3.9,"Skillshare
3.9",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Education Training Services,Education,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
270,Lead Data Engineer,"$83k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Lead Data Engineer

As a data engineer in Zipcar’s data engineering team, your mission is to build real-time and offline solutions to make data accessible and reliable while leveraging the largest-scale data processing technologies in the world -- and then apply them to the Zipcar's most critical and fundamental data problems.

What you will do:
Build and own mission critical data pipelines that power Zipcar’s business
Develop solutions in bleeding-edge data technologies on AWS eco-system
Partner with architects and data analysts to make the best technology decisions
Create and maintain data models, data catalogs, and data security
Mentor team members and assist them in developing, testing and deploying software
What you’ll love about being a Zipster in Engineering:
You’ll get to come to work every day knowing that you’re contributing to the success of the world’s leading car sharing network
You'll be joining a collaborative, diverse, passionate team of Zipsters
You’ll get to work in a flexible work environment that is innovative and resourceful
At Zipcar, we encourage new tools and ideas- your opinion always matters!
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer scienceor related field
5+years’ experiencewith data engineering or data warehousing, or an equivalent data-oriented software engineering background
5+ years’ experience with SQL, optimizing queries and tuning database performance
3+years’ experiencewith key AWS technologies (Redshift, S3, IAM;alsoKinesis, Lambda, EMR, Spark, Hive)
3+years’ experiencewith ETL technologies (e.g. Talend, Informatica,Matillion)
4+years’ experiencewith Java, Python,Scalaand other programming languages
Experience withdbtand Airflow a strong plus
Familiarity with data analysis and data science tools (Looker,Jupyter, R) is a plus
Who are we?

Glad you asked! Zipcar is the world’s leading car-sharing network, found in urban areas and university campuses in more than 500 cities and towns. Our team is smart, creative and fun, and we’re driven by a mission – to enable simple and responsible urban living.

Being a Zipcar member gives you easy access to a car nearby without all the cost and hassle of owning one. Founded in 2000, Zipcar disrupted – or innovated – the traditional model of car ownership and independent studies show that Zipcar’s model of car sharing is proven to reduce vehicle ownership, freeing up more city space for people. Zipcar provides members with socially responsible, sustainable mobility options that support the global environment, their communities and city livability.

Zipcar is a subsidiary of Avis Budget Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: CAR), a leading global provider of mobility solutions. For more information, visit: www.zipcar.com.

The extra mile:

We encourage Zipsters to bring their whole selves to work - unique perspectives, personal experiences, backgrounds, and however they identify. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer – M/F/D/V.",3.1,"Zipcar
3.1","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Car Rental,Travel & Tourism,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
271,Lead Data Engineer,"$47k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst
Location: Washington, DC
Education Required: Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in math, engineering, business, or the sciences.
Skills Required:

We are seeking highly motivated individuals to support a range of critical and exciting Department of Defense (DoD) and Naval Acquisition projects. Ideal candidates will possess a Bachelor’s degree in business, engineering, or related fields and 3+ years of experience, or a Master’s degree in a related field and at least one year of experience.

Successful candidates will also possess the following qualifications:
24 semester hours of quantitative course work (mathematics, statistics, engineering, physics, chemistry, etc.)
Experience obtaining, integrating, analyzing, and reporting client data, esp. acquisition data
Ability to apply analytic techniques to define project objectives and strategic direction, resolving complex problems using an in-depth knowledge of analytic methodologies and principles
Strong researching, data gathering, and technical reviews needed to produce written deliverables to include reports, spreadsheets, databases, formal process mapping, and technical designs
Microsoft Access experience
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance
U.S. Citizenship required
Responsibilities:
Assess requirements, determine necessary resources to accomplish task, hypothesize solutions, develop solution, and report findings to various levels of government leadership
Develop algorithms for data analysis
Plan and conducts work requiring judgment in the evaluation, selection, and adaptation and/or modification of methodologies and tools
Consult with senior consultants or functional specialists on unusual or complex problems
Assess requirements, determine necessary resources to accomplish task, hypothesize solutions, develop solution, and report findings
Benefits:
We offer competitive salaries commensurate with education and experience. We have an excellent benefits package that includes:
Comprehensive health, dental, life, long and short term disability insurance
100% Company funded Retirement Plans
Generous vacation, holiday and sick pay plans
Tuition assistance

Benefits are provided to employees regularly working a minimum of 30 hours per week.

Tecolote Research is a private, employee-owned corporation where people are our primary resource. Our investments in technology and training give our employees the tools to ensure our clients are provided the solutions they need, and our very high employee retention rate and stable workforce is an added value to our customers. Apply now to connect with a company that invests in you.",4.0,"Zipcar
3.1","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
272,Business Analytics Consultant (Bilingual: English & Spanish),"$47k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This role will work closely with the General Manager of the Andean and Southern Cone region and report to the Director of Latin America Commercial Operations.

Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Job Functions:

Gathers and analyzes internal and external information on sales trends, patient reach, market share, competitor data and pricing for all relevant therapeutic areas. Makes business recommendations based on these analyses.
Conducts market assessments, research and surveys to prepare sales forecasts.
Manages business analytics process for the L9 (Andean and Southern Cone) region. Prepares regular sales reports, dashboards, and scorecards.
Sales force effectiveness reporting and analytics
Keeps ups with new analytics capabilities and sources of information. Recommends and implements improvements to reporting tools, models, and systems; identifies and manages external data sources and vendors.
Prepares business cases and presentations for senior management.
Manages projects locally and as a part of the global team to implement best practices adopted in other parts of the company or used by the industry.
Qualifications

Knowledge, Experience and Skills:

Demonstrates strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Must be able to think critically and be comfortable making assumptions when data or information is incomplete or conflicting.
Excellent project management skills, highly focused on implementation and achievement of tangible results.
Able to make high-impact presentations in small and large settings and deliver clear proposals to senior management.
Knowledge of data visualization tools and databases
Be curious and eager to learn proactively about various therapeutic areas, epidemiology, and stay up to date on country’s economic and healthcare trends.
Strong team player with experience working in international settings. Demonstrates cultural agility and adaptability in a changing environment.
Creative and open-minded individual who fosters an environment in which sharing of ideas is encouraged.
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a business, finance, economics or related field.
Familiarity with the Latin America region, specifically Andean and Southern Cone.
Experience in a pharmaceutical environment preferred.
Fluency in Spanish and English language proficiency is required.

To qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States, and should not require, now or in the future, sponsorship for employment visa status.

PRA is an EEO/AA employer and is committed to providing opportunities to minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities.

Options
Apply for this job onlineApply
Share
Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.
Share on your newsfeed
Connect With Us!",3.8,"PRA Health Sciences
3.8","Miami, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
273,Senior Data Scientist,"$129k-$204k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are looking for a Data Scientist who will be responsible for shaping our company’s data strategy innovating the $85B digital and linear television advertising market. You are passionate about all things data and tech, and have extensive knowledge of the digital space. You are accomplished in the areas of creating new analysis and deriving business-changing insights and you are ready to support the strategic objectives of a highly cross-functional organization.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Your work will have an outsized impact on tools we’re building, forecasting, planning, allocation, and audience behavior prediction
Work with Pb-scale data sets representing the total US video and TV audiences
You will build new, and support scaling out existing models in support of audience segmentation
You will be working with the data-engineering team to product ML pipelines and coordinating data models with other engineering teams
Building Data Models and managing machine learning pipelines
QUALIFICATIONS:
Managing ML pipelines with tools such as Python, Julia, and Apache Spark
SQL fluency and an understanding of relational data models
Comfortable in the Linux environment
A master of all trades mentality and an ability to embrace new challenges regularly
Eager and energized to work with some of the latest open source technologies
Able to work on-site in Los Angeles, CA
PhD in Data Science, Physics, Mathematics or other scientific field
PERKS:
Unlimited paid time off each year
Annual vacation stipend
Onsite gym, fitness classes and personal trainer
Casual dress code
Kitchen stocked with healthy snack snacks
Health, dental and vision benefits
Parental leave
Epic growth
ABOUT

At VideoAmp, we believe in challenging advertising paradigms to maximize value for clients. We do this by enabling companies to execute on business outcomes across their media investment instead of more traditional media metrics. VideoAmp is the software and data solutions company powering the convergence of the linear TV and digital video advertising. Our solutions connect linear TV viewership with addressable data assets to benefit the marketing and media industries. This enable marketers and content owners to holistically plan, transact, and measure deduplicated audiences across digital video, OTT, connected and linear TV advertising.

Come and join us!",3.5,"VideoAmp
3.5","Los Angeles, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
274,Data Engineer,"$93k-$165k
(Glassdoor Est.)","sdg is a high performance software community. sdg consultants build and deliver custom software for some of the largest and most recognizable local and national brands. In this role you will be asked to leverage your current skills and learn new ones. Working in over 200 different technologies and continually learning together, you can expect a one-of-a-kind and award winning work experience.
If you have proven experience in a handful of the following, we want to hear from you:
Git / SVN / TFS / VSTS
Jenkins / Travis / Bamboo / Go
Vagrant / Packer / Terraform
GitHub / Bamboo / GitLabs
Chef / Puppet / Ansible / SaltStack
Docker / Docker Swarm
Kubernetes / OpenShift
Power-Shell / Bash
AWS / Azure / GCP / OpenStack
Cloud Formation / Code Deploy
Spring Boot / Tomcat / WebLogic / JBoss
ELK Stack / Splunk
AMQP / RabbitMQ / Active MQ
New Relic / Dynatrace / AppDynamics / Sensu
JIRA / Rally / VersionOne
VMware / VirtualBox
F5 / Citrix / NGINX /Amazon ELB
Pipeline Design & Management
Application Lifecycle Management
Leading Cultural Change
Bonus experience:
Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent work experience
Success working on high performance teams
Delivered solutions in large scale enterprise environments
Prior consulting or professional services experience
Motivated to continually improve your craft, sharing and learning every day
Exceptional integrity with the desire to create the best possible customer outcomes
What's in it for you?
Full-time salaried position with sdg, a 10-time Best Place to Work
Engaged teammates who care about quality solutions
Challenging and rewarding work with great customers
Abundant opportunities to give back to the community
A company proven to make decisions based on its core values
A true stake in success. sdg is an ESOP, 100% employee owned
Year-round technology & social events to stay sharp and have fun
Membership in the best technology community in the Twin Cities",4.9,"Solution Design Group
4.9","Golden Valley, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
275,Associate Data Scientist,"$71k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is seeking an Associate Data Scientist to join our DHS Data Analytics Department. Responsibilities for this role will include the following:
Acquire fundamental understanding of analytical equipment and tools to include open source intelligence (OSINT) platforms
Operate analytical equipment and tools
Perform processing and analysis of collected information
Support the development and application of a technical process approach to a sponsor problem
Present results in an intuitive manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise and conduct insightful, actionable analyses
Utilize existing open source social media methodologies to apply specialized tools and capabilities in support of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) national security mission
Creatively apply visualizations to large datasets using tools like Tableau, Power BI, or Qlik
Ability to understand and map data relationships
Work with sponsors, vendors, and partner contractors to gain understanding of sponsor business challenges and evaluate possible technical solutions
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in a relevant discipline
Required Qualifications:
Ability to leverage both MITRE and team knowledge effectively
Ability to work with a variety of audiences to include sponsors, vendors, and partner contractors
Experience with databases technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB, Neo4j)
Experience manipulating datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R, Java, SQL, PL/SQL
Strong communications and interpersonal skills
Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills, adapted to a variety of audiences and technical understanding
Strong interpersonal communication skills to interact with senior Government staff, technical peers, and MITRE team members
Ability to work in a dynamic fast-paced environment
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience organizing analytic results for further analysis
Ability to find patterns in data and clearly articulate the entire analysis (e.g., methodology, results, assumptions, constraints) using various suites of tools
Experience with databases technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB, Neo4j)
Experience manipulating datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R, Java, SQL, PL/SQL
Creatively apply visualizations to large datasets using tools like Tableau, Power BI, or Qlik
Ability to assess the quality of data or tool against a set of requirements
Ability to prepare comprehensive written reports, presentations, and charts based on research, collection, and analysis of intelligence data
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
276,Data Engineer,"Employer Provided Salary:
$45-$55 Per Hour","StarsHR has the following contract opportunity available with our client in St. Louis.

Data Engineer

Required
5 years or more experience in Java, Scala or Python.
Ability to perform complex data analysis with large volumes of data.
Experience with stream processing, e.g. Kafka, Spark Streaming, Akka, Flink, etc..
Expert level proficiency in SQL.
Experience data modeling for large scale databases, either relational or NoSQL (graph, key:value, document, etc.) • 5+ years experience with developing ETL/Data Pipeline solutions.
Proven experience (2 years) with distributed systems, e.g. Mesos, Kubernetes, Spark, Hadoop, distributed databases, grid computing
Desired:
Experience developing and utilizing Data Lakes.
Experience with data privacy concerns
Ability to build and maintain modern cloud architecture, e.g. AWS, Google Cloud, etc.
Experience contributing to open source projects
• Knowledge of data science practices, to better steer our efforts to support them through the infrastructure we create",4.6,"StarsHR
4.6","Saint Louis, MO",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
277,Principal Applied Research Scientist (AI and Machine Learning),"$152k-$251k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our mission is to protect life.
We’re out to make the world a safer place by solving big problems and taking on the public safety challenges of our time. From our company's inception building the TASER device to a full suite of hardware and software solutions, we are focused on providing police agencies with the state-of-the-art devices and services they need to successfully serve and protect us. In the next few years, we're going to eliminate the burden of paperwork in policing, so officers can increase the time they spend building relationships and serving in their communities. We’ll put video at the heart of the police record so our justice system can get to the truth faster. And we won't stop innovating until the bullet is rendered obsolete.

It’s a big mission, but it’s one we’ll pursue relentlessly every single day.

Your Impact
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research and deploy it in real life situations for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work that addresses some of today’s most challenging problems in the public safety space?

The ideal candidate will have a proven scientific background and a consistent track record of successfully researching and delivering scalable AI-based products with hands-on execution as well as by mentoring other scientists. We need someone willing to be fearless and more than willing to take on bold challenges. By accelerating adoption of our technologies, you'll help protect life in public safety for both officers and the communities they serve around the world.
Your Day-to-Day
Leverage state-of-the-art research to deliver high quality models enabling multiple AI projects at scale
Help your teammates deal with ML modeling ambiguities while maintaining the balance between future-proofing and over-engineering
Advise and collaborate with senior leaders and domain experts companywide
Contribute back to the research community via academic publications, tech blogs, open-source code and contributing to internal/external AI challenges
Represent Axon at tech talk events and scientific conferences
Required Skills & Professional Experience
A Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or an equivalent highly technical field
5+ years of modeling experience in one or more the following areas: Natural Language Processing/Understanding (NLP/NLU), Computer Vision (CV) and Acoustic Event Detection
Hands on experience developing, scaling and implementing machine learning using relevant programming languages (such as Python), state of the art deep learning frameworks and big data tools
Working knowledge of advanced ML techniques: Multi-task Learning, Transfer Learning, Reinforcement Learning as well as Unsupervised and Semi-supervised Learning
Track record of publications and contributions to the machine learning community at large
Experience with designing and shipping software products that leverage machine learning at scale
Excellent problem solving skills and ability to dive into learning algorithms, model architecture, evaluation metrics, and field testing scenarios
Comfort communicating and interacting with scientists, engineers and product managers as well as understanding and translating the science of AI and Machine Learning to a more general audience
Preferred Qualifications
A Ph.D. Degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or an equivalent highly technical field
Demonstrated knowledge and experience with distributed machine learning and deploying models at scale in cloud environments (such as AWS, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud)
Familiarity with IoT/Edge AI and optimizing ML models to run on-device with constrained compute, power and latency budgets
Compensation & Benefits
An awesome office/working environment with the latest technologies
Competitive salary and benefits including a great medical insurance plan for you and your family
Free lunch, gym, phone stipend, parking
Fun team activities and outings
Flexible working hours
Opportunities for training and rotations in the US
Opportunities to ride along with real US police officers in real life situations, see them use technology, and get inspired
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.7,"Axon
3.7","Seattle, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1991,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
278,Data Scientist,-1,"The Data Scientist is responsible for developing, maintaining and enhancing statistical models and algorithms to create strategic business opportunities across the organization. This position is constantly challenged to tap into advanced mathematical and statistical techniques to develop optimal solutions. This position is expected to communicate complex concepts clearly

PREFERRED SKILLS:
MS/PhD. degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research, CS, Econometrics strongly preferred, or equivalent/ related degree with emphasis in quantitative methods preferred
Experience in Hadoop-based data tools and languages (e.g. Mahout, Hive, Pig) a plus.
JOB DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develops and utilizes Teradata and Hadoop data pulls (SQL, HIVE) to produce concise conclusions from raw data in a clean, wellstructured and easily maintainable format as well as understand complex business requirements, business goals, and drivers and drive solutions aligning to SHC technology strategy. For example, this position finds optimal promotional cadence for seasonal goods by forecasting demand; adjusting the model based on actual outcome; and making price recommendations on a weekly basis to maximize margin.
Designs, implements and automates modeling and analysis procedures on existing and experimentally created data using open source programs including but not limited to Python and R. Modeling and analysis aims at answering various pricing and promotion questions such as ""What is the best price?"", ""What is the best promotional cadence?"" and ""How should price differ across location and member?"" For example, this position builds models to estimate pricing elasticities accounting for seasonality, promotions and other factors. Scales the model so that it can be applied to different divisions, recommending optimal price to
maximize margin.
Plans for integrating new systems, provides leadership for service-oriented architecture (SOA) programs and adoption, and assesses the risk of implementing new solutions. Oversees and creates solutions implemented on large data warehouses. Provides leadership in developing robust solutions for Analytics, Predictive Analytics, Pattern Recognition, Data Mining, Reporting, Web Analytics, and Metadata Management.
Organizes conclusions drawn from data into action items to improve pricing strategy and presents conclusions and action items to BU partners and pricing leadership.
Provides insight into emerging technology and provide direction in the incorporation of new technology. Creates enhancements and defect resolution on an ongoing basis to improve efficiency of the code base, as well as conduct POCs (Proof of Concept) to evaluate new technologies when required.
Establishes reporting and tracking to continuously monitor and report out impact
Increases pace and confidence of learning by combining state of the art technology and statistical methods (parametric and nonparametric econometrics and machine learning); provides expertise in integrating advanced analytics into ongoing business processes (combine data mining techniques with structure approaches to avoid spurious correlations). Maintains awareness of modeling and analytics best practices from a wide range of industries REQUIRED SKILLS:
5+ years prior data experience (cleaning raw data, coding analysis, and presenting results) either professionally or in an academic setting
Experience in economics, statistics, or computer science
Knowledge of various programming software and languages such as, but not limited to R, Stata, Matlab, Python, SQL, and Excel
Familiarity with version control, especially Git
Experience in Hadoop-based data tools and languages (e.g. Mahout, Hive, Pig) a plus.
Sound technical & analytical skills, concise & clean analytic graphics
Desire & willingness to work in a collaborative, innovative, flexible and team-oriented environment, welcoming push back on conclusions and inferences
Flexibility, adaptability and the ability to learn quickly in various technical and creative environments, while delivering quality work by tight deadlines
Ability to perform thorough analysis of complex data, draw sound conclusions, and devise actionable strategies
All employees/associates may in the course of their duties come in contact with Credit / Debit Card Data. If this data is exposed as part of their position in the site/center, the associate must protect that data as directed and required by the compliance team to ensure SHC s compliance to current Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standards (DSS)",2.7,"Transformco
2.7","Hoffman Estates, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
279,Want to be a Big Data Engineer?,-1,"Big Data Engineer

Full-Time. Multiple Locations

Annual Salary Range: Based on experience

Full benefits including:

Medical/Dental/Vision /Paid travel/Paid Time Off/ 401(k) savings plan
Who We Are: *
Enhance IT is an IT/Management firm that specializes in continued education, placement and IT consultation. We are an industry leader in providing top-level skilled and experienced consultants in a variety of technologies to meet our client’s needs in today’s fast paced environment.
What you will be doing: *
You will be joining our growing team of analytics experts. We want individuals who are comfortable asking “why”. The ideal candidate is a data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing a company’s data architecture to support next generation and data initiatives. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. They are a team player possessing strong analytical as well as technical skills and are able to communicate the logic behind technical decisions to non-tech stakeholders.
What you need for this position: *
Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent quantitative field and 3+ years of experience in a similar Big Data Engineer role.
Demonstrated ability to build processes that support data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to project manage and work with cross-functional teams
Working SQL knowledge with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Bonus points: *
Relational SQL and NoSQL databases
Object-oriented/Object function scripting languages such as Python, Scala, etc.
Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
8 hour shift",3.8,"Enhance IT
3.8","Charlotte, NC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
280,Data Science Manager,"$101k-$167k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Science Manager will manage a team of statisticians in research and development of new predictive models and new analytical techniques related to insurance pure premiums, customer life time value, customer buying behaviors and related topics using internal and external data. You will start your Data Science Manager role at home and then transition to working in our Woodbridge, NJ office when it reopens.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Provide analytics for setting price, underwriting and products strategies.Implement analysis and modeling tests.
Develop and enhance models used in a variety of contexts within the product management structure.
Advance modeling capabilities.
Work with colleagues in various departments to facilitate the application of models developed considering the regulatory and competitive contexts.
Ensure models are understood, implications are appropriately assessed, implementation plans are defined,validation of results are undertaken and adjustments are made.
Qualifications and Education
Master's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering or related field (willing to accept foreign education equivalent) and a minimum of seven (7) years’ experience in managerial role supervising predictive/advanced analytics.
Alternatively, will accept Ph.D. and five years’ experience in managerial role supervising predictive/advanced analytics.
Demonstrated expertise in SAS.
Demonstrated expertise in Bayesian statistics.
Demonstrated experience in developing multivariate predictive models in an insurance environment.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Woodbridge, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
281,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - INFORMATION EXPLOITATION,"$58k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ly: Your military experience may apply to this position
For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.
An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace



If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
282,Data Architect/Scientist,"$80k-$133k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Member of Technical Staff – DATA ARCHITECT / SCIENTIST
US, Home Office

US Citizen or Permanent Resident

Wind River

In a world increasingly driven by software innovation, Wind River is pioneering the technologies to accelerate the digital transformation of our customers with a new generation of Mission Critical AI Systems in an AI-first world with the most exacting standards for safety, security, performance, and reliability. Success will be determined by our ability to innovate with velocity and sell at the solutions level.


ABOUT THE OPPORTUNITY

Wind River Systems is seeking an experienced high-performing senior software engineer for a position developing a hybrid cloud-based data analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence platform.

The successful candidate will join a highly skilled development team delivering internal and external tools and technologies across a complete analytics driven DevSecOps platform, pioneering many new industry leading capabilities.

This is a data science all-rounder role. The core purpose of the role is to build models to improve the product, the customer experience and ultimately the business.


Interface & Collaboration

The successful candidate will collaborate with development and customer facing teams to ensure high levels of intuitive usability and product quality.

Responsibilities
Conceive, devise, create, implement and fine tune data science models to solve a range of development and systems problems
Help devise and layout a high-quality infrastructure, upon which future data science can flourish
Help up skill other analytical team members into advanced data science techniques
Produce ad hoc analyses
Deliver cloud analytics solutions across a wide portfolio of class-leading products, in many industry verticals.
Extract data from development tools like Gitlab, Jenkins, JIRA, and many more.
Extracting data from real devices in the labs and the real world – planes, trains and automobiles
Develop new user interfaces and reporting options for these tools
Ensure security of all data
And let's be honest, a whole load of data wrangling!


ABOUT YOU

Core Competencies, Demonstrated Success & Qualifications
BSc / MSc degree (Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering) or equivalent work experience
US Citizen or Permanent Resident
Blend of technical expertise and soft skills including business acumen, decision making, well developed oral and written communication skills
Demonstrable skills in SQL, Python and R
Data science models (K-means, random Forrest, neural nets, etc.)
Strong foundational knowledge in stats and mathematics
Experience converting data models into products for real customers
Experience with Nifi / Kafka / Postgres / Hadoop / Linux
Familiarity with Real Time Operating Systems (RTOS)
Experience in autonomous systems development is a plus
3+ years of experience of big data analytics
6+ years working in software development arena",4.1,"Wind River
4.1","Portland, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
283,RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - MISSION DEVELOPMENT,"$70k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Develop, maintain, and enhance complex and diverse software systems (e.g., sensor network operations, processing-intensive application, analytics on various sized data sets, real-time systems, data visualizations and user interfaces, etc.). This development will include life cycle activities that include analyzing customer requirements, creating solid designs, developing innovative implementations, systems and network integration and ongoing customer interaction. Will be responsible for the translation of complex customer requirements into soundly designed and implemented technical solutions with emphasis on building software products for the Department of Defense, Intelligence Community and allied customers. Design and implement services and applications including software and systems that process SIGINT data, apply signal processing algorithms, develop, store and distribute processed results, and provide user visualization of analytical results. Responsibilities include: Participation in full life cycle software development tasks utilizing primarily Java and C++ development environments. Develop embedded, high-performance systems, as well as, web service and user interfaces. Participate in requirements analysis, software design, coding, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Operating as a nonprofit since our 1947 inception, we work in the public’s best interest and toward the betterment of mankind. Southwest Research Institute’s benefits program ranks among those of top private employers.


Education/Experience:


Requires a MS degree in Computer Science with 2-7 years of Software Development, Software Engineering, Sensor Network Systems, SIGINT, Geolocation, Information Exploitation, or Information Engineering experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. SwRI is seeking an experienced Software Engineer for collaborative work with the government customer and other SwRI software engineers to design, develop, install, deploy, operate, and manage software systems. Should have experience developing improvements for next-generation SIGINT systems and geolocation networks. Must have a working knowledge of software development processes including analysis of software requirements, application design, coding, unit and integration testing, software/hardware integration and software documentation with an emphasis in Java and C++ for application development ranging from embedded, high-performance systems to web service and user interface development. Candidates must have the ability to cross-train in multiple software development domains. Must be able to develop new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Must be able to work in teams and independently. Must have strong communications skills and should have demonstrated capabilities in software development leadership. A current TS/SCI FS Poly is required. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Hanover, Maryland. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Hanover, Maryland


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Hanover, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
284,Sr Data Scientist,"$87k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

Our Ascension Data Science Institute is looking to add an experienced Sr. Data Scientist to their dynamic and growing team!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, especially to those most in need. In FY2018, Ascension provided nearly $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creates efficient algorithms and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support. Identifies, defines, directs and preforms project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Creates and manages a machine learning pipeline, from raw data acquisitions to merging and normalizing to sophisticated feature engineering development to model execution.
Designs, leads and actively engages in projects with broad implication for the business and/or the future architecture, successfully addressing cross-technology and cross-platform issues. Selects tools and methodologies for projects and negotiates terms and conditions with vendors.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less-experiences staff.
Leads the organizations planning for the future of the data model and data architecture.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
PhD preferred.
Work Experience:
1 year of experience required.
Available GitHub page showing data science capabilitites.
High level of technical skills in mathematics, statistics and or programming.
Experience with intrerpretting data science output for non-data science stakeholders, study/ methods design.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
285,Data Analyst,"$34k-$63k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Onsite work only - Franklin, Tennessee

Are you looking for a career with a purpose? Do you want the opportunity to be part of a company that’s changing millions of lives for the better? Well, you’ve come to the right place. Ramsey Solutions exists to provide biblically based, commonsense education and empowerment that give HOPE to everyone in every walk of life. Our mission to change the world isn’t easy. We face resistance every day because what we believe is absolutely countercultural. We’re weird. We hate debt. And we actually cut up our credit cards . . . like, for real. We don’t use them in our entire business. Bottom line: We don’t use debt—period. Some of us are still fighting our way out of it, but we aren’t going back in.

Our Analytics and Insights Team has been one of the fastest-growing technology teams at Ramsey Solutions—they’re rocking it! They partner with our 15 digital product areas to help create data-driven solutions for our business problems so we can keep doing work that matters to change more lives. Performing mathematical analysis and using technology to put it into action, this team helps all of us at Ramsey perform at our highest level.

This is where you come in. We need your help to generate data-driven solutions to our business problems. We need a hardcore math nerd—someone who understands mathematical analysis and knows how to use technology to implement it. You’re someone who’s always itching to solve the problem, complete the puzzle, and answer the question. You’re never satisfied with a fluffy answer. You want the facts. You always back up your position with data.

Our data tells a story, and we need you to help us read it. You’ll help us pull back the curtain, notice trends, and apply data to drive change in our business models so we can help more people. If that sounds exciting to you, keep reading.

Skills Needed to Win:
3+ years of experience driving analytics initiatives to impact a business
Solid mathematical or statistics background
Experience with SQL (you’ll use it every day to get the data you need)
Experience with scripting languages like Python and R
Experience building and maintaining dashboards and reporting systems
Ability to translate data into actionable insights
Supporting business decisions through ad hoc analysis
Extraordinary passion to solve problems (you’re not satisfied until it’s solved and backed by data)
Nice-to-Haves:
Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau
Experience utilizing web analytics and Google Analytics tool set
Experience with optimization testing
About Ramsey Solutions:
We’re a debt-free company that was founded in 1992 by Dave Ramsey.
We have over 900 team members who are 100% dedicated to our mission.
We believe collaboration, innovation and a shared sense of mission come from being present with each other. That’s why all of our team members work together under one roof at our headquarters in Franklin, Tennessee.
Ramsey Solutions was recognized by Inc. Magazine as a Best Workplace in the nation for 2020.
And by the way, we're not stuffy or corporate around here. Here are some of the perks and benefits at Ramsey Solutions:
A 401(k) match of 4% after one year as a team member (you can still contribute in the first year)
Health insurance on day one with a $500 HSA match every year
One fully paid workweek of ministry time after one year to volunteer for your favorite charity or nonprofit
Generous PTO and paid sick time off
We prioritize work-life balance and rarely exceed a 40-hour work week
Weekly devotionals with world-renowned speakers, pastors and authors
$300/year to put toward achieving your fitness goals
Casual dress and work environment
It’s a calling, and we’re on a mission to change lives. Join the crusade! Apply now.

EEO/M/F/Veteran/Disabled",3.3,"Ramsey Solutions
3.3","Franklin, TN",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
286,Senior or Staff Data Scientist,"$165k-$257k
(Glassdoor Est.)","GRAIL is a healthcare company whose mission is to detect cancer early, when it can be cured. GRAIL is focused on alleviating the global burden of cancer by developing pioneering technology to detect and identify multiple deadly cancer types early. The company is using the power of next-generation sequencing, population-scale clinical studies, and state-of-the-art computer science and data science to enhance the scientific understanding of cancer biology, and to develop its multi-cancer early detection blood test. GRAIL is headquartered in Menlo Park, CA with locations in Washington, D.C., North Carolina, and the United Kingdom. It is supported by leading global investors and pharmaceutical, technology, and healthcare companies. For more information, please visit www.grail.com.

In this role, you will lead analyzing some of the largest, richest biological datasets in the world to find biological signals and patterns and guide our assays, bioinformatic pipelines, and product strategies. Working closely with scientists, clinicians, and engineers, you will develop machine learning and statistical methods to pull signals out of ultra-deep sequencing data and identify cancer at its earliest stages. You will develop and experiment with machine learning models operating across GRAIL’s data sets, public data, and data from collaborators in academia and industry. Your analysis will result in exciting discoveries in cancer biology, impactful publications, and products for early detection of cancer.
You Will:
Develop GRAIL’s deep bench of knowledge in bioinformatics, machine learning, statistics, and data science.
Modeling and analysis of large, complex genomics datasets using advanced machine learning and statistical methods to generate predictions and biological insights.
Create and perform end-to-end analysis that include design, data gathering, processing, analysis, iteration with stakeholders, and presentation of results.
Interact cross-functionally with other teams including software, clinical, operations, research, and product development.
Promulgate approaches and build tools that preserve scientific rigor and quality and which maintain GRAIL’s statistical culture.
Maintain an active external scientific presence.

Your Background Will Include:

M.Sc. or Ph.D in Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Statistics, Computational Biology, Genomics, Physics, or equivalent preparation and experience.
3 to 7 years (depending on level) relevant experience in positions of increasing responsibility.
Deep understanding of machine learning and statistics.
Ability to apply machine learning and statistical tools for analysis of genomics datasets and to uncover new biological insights from large genomics datasets.
Proven track record of strong contributions demonstrated by highly cited publications, impactful tools, products, data sets used by the scientific community, presentations at international conferences, or awards.
Strong knowledge in at least one major programming language (e.g. Python, Go, C++, R, Java) and proficiency in Linux environment, version control tools, and reproducible research practices.
Technical leadership and self-direction, willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
Effective written and verbal communication skills.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.7,"GRAIL
3.7","Menlo Park, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
287,Sr Analytics Consultant (Data Scientist),"$67k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position:


Sr. Analytics Consultant (Data Scientist)

Position Summary:


Do you want to work directly with hospital and health system clients?
Have you wanted to discover new insights by combining data from EMR/EHR, claims, consumer/retail, devices, and wearables?
Are you excited about deploying analytically-derived insights into the clinical and operational workflow?
Do you like working with smart and motivated people?

If so, you’ve come to the right place!

We are looking for a person who said “YES!!” to all of those questions to join our team. We work directly with hospitals and health systems to solve their technical and analytical challenges as they move from “volume to value”. These challenges range from needing to understand the root causes of clinical and cost savings opportunities, to assessing health plan contract performance and creating cost, quality, and utilization reports – and since the best analytics in the world do nothing on their own, we do our work and embed it into clinical and operational workflow.
Job Description:


Role and Responsibilities:

If you were to be in this role, your primary responsibility would be to do projects that lead to improvement in health and financial outcomes and do work to support clients. More broadly, to do this, you would understand the mutual goals and value based contracts, conduct assemble information and perform analyses to quantify baseline performance, identify opportunities and the root causes for them, and collaborate with the client and our operations staff to achieve our goals.

More specifically, your job would be to:
Understand the client’s business goals well-enough to ensure the SOW will meet their needs
Lead the discovery of the client’s EMR/EHR and/or claims data environment so we can efficiently and effectively navigate and do the analyses
Lead the analytical-interrogation of their EMR/EHR and/or claims data to perform data quality checks
Partner with our biostatisticians and data scientists to perform the analyses and displays
Communicate results/findings with the client and identify implications and recommend actions
Experience, Qualifications and Education:

The skills, knowledge, and attributes we’re looking for are listed below:
Attitude: A generally positive demeanor and outlook, works well with others and is community-minded, has a proactive leadership orientation, and enjoys contributing through work
Healthcare Domain Knowledge: Conceptual understanding of how hospitals and systems work, how they’re paid by commercial carriers and the government, and how changing reimbursement is necessitating that hospitals and health systems be able to identify and manage risk; be able to decipher the healthcare-alphabet-soup that includes ACA, ACO, AMA, BMI, CMS, through to HIE and HIPAA, etc.
Healthcare Data Expertise: Current “hands-on” working knowledge of healthcare data, including data from EMR/EHR and/or from medical and pharmacy administrative claims; strong preference will be given to those with expertise from working with claims data from multiple lines of business and payers.
Social Determinants of Health (SDH) Expertise: Also, current “hands-on” knowledge of seeking out new sources of socioeconomic, public record, biometric, and retail/consumer data, including acquisition of new SDH sources.
Analytical Actions: Logical and systematic approach to problem solving, with the ability to visualize, articulate, and solve complex problems and concepts, make decisions, and take appropriate action
Multi-Faceted: Track record in charting untested waters; need to possess conceptual skills to learn new technologies, and contribute to areas such as infrastructure, administration, and project management with ease
Handy with Tools: Working knowledge of database and analytic tools including SQL and SAS (or, equivalents)
Data Model Knowledge: Have a deep enough understanding of data model approaches to be able to discuss the pros/cons of each with our clients and data architects and create business requirements
Technical Leadership: Experience in conceptualizing analytic projects end-to-end and ability to guide other analysts with detailed reviews of their work and providing overall technical leadership
Value Orientation: Ability to constantly calibrate activities to ensure effort is focused on value and not solely on technical activities, cost, and schedules
Minimum Resume Requirements:
10+ years of experience in healthcare data analysis (including EMR/EHR, claims, eligibility and publicly available data such as CMS LDS)
Utilization of analytical tools including SQL, SAS, SPSS, and/or open-source including Python and R, or similar
Deep familiarity with HEDIS & CMS care quality measures; experience implementing both HEDIS and CMS measures using SAS and/or SQL
Master’s or equivalent in epidemiology, public health, mathematics, health services research preferred (but not required)
Location and Travel:

Job location is St Louis, Missouri or Raleigh, North Carolina. Travel is required about 1-2 times every 3 months to our other corporate office or to client sites.",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
288,Senior Data Analyst - CRM,"$44k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Zeta Global CRM division provides email, database and interactive marketing services worldwide to clients, the company’s services include strategic campaign planning and optimization, test design, creative development (including rich media), campaign execution, web application development, research, and advanced analytics.

The Analytics team is currently seeking a Senior Analyst. As a Senior Analyst, you will use a variety of data sources and software tools such as SQL, Excel and internal tools to develop reports and insights based on specification provided by clients or client analytical leads.

Primary Job Responsibilities:
Work with digital marketing and CRM partners to understand clients’ requests, design proper metrics reports and dashboard.
Handle data gathering and analysis construction with a variety of data sources and tools.
Develop reports and customized analysis, data organizing and cleansing, and analysis and presentation
Create easy-to-understand data visualization, presentations and provide logical insights and actionable recommendations to clients.
Work with BI and technical team to prioritize and identify the opportunity to automate reports.
Streamline the reporting process; develop repeatable and scalable process and coding across multiple systems and platforms
Work with various businesses and technical teams to make sure the data presented are accurate and flawless.
Well document the standard reporting or analysis procedures and other necessary documents.
Job Requirements:
Minimum Bachelor’s degree in Computer Programming, Statistics, Marketing Analytics or related technical/quantitative field; Master degree a plus
Minimum 3 years of professional experience in an analytical role (prior experience in Agency/consulting or Email industry a plus), digital marketing, database marketing and web analytics a plus
Experience working in rational database, SQL coding, SAS or R or Python programming and extensive Excel skills
Experience working in BI tools, such as Tableau, Microstrategy, Jasper, etc.
Experience in development, presentation and/or deployment of predictive model and segmentation is strongly preferred; knowledge of Machine Learning approaches a plus
Experience working with 3rd party data providers such as Acxiom, IRI a plus
Able to take broad specifications or requests from client and ask the right “questions” to help fine tune the request to help deliver reporting needs. Be able to conduct data investigation when issue arises both independently and/or working with cross functional technical resources, if required, to solve problem
Good verbal and written communication skills; Attention to details, be able to identify data gaps/abnormality in output
Able to plan, organize, & work on multiple projects at once
#LI-MC1

About Zeta Global
Zeta Global is a data-powered marketing technology company with a heritage of innovation and industry leadership. Founded in 2007 by entrepreneur David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company combines the industry’s 3rd largest proprietary data set (2.4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.

Our technology runs on the Zeta Marketing Platform, which powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable.

Zeta Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, medical condition, disability, veterans status, or any other basis protected by law.

Zeta Global Recognized in Enterprise Marketing Software and Cross-Channel Campaign Management Reports by Independent Research Firm

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-opens-ai--data-labs-in-san-francisco-and-nyc-300945353.html

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-recognized-in-enterprise-marketing-software-and-cross-channel-campaign-management-reports-by-independent-research-firm-300938241.html",3.3,"Zeta Global
3.3","East Lansing, MI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
289,Medical Laboratory Scientist,"$19-$27 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview
Conducts wide variety of laboratory tests for diagnosis of disease and wellness.

Qualifications
Education and/or Other Requirements
One of the following active certifications is required:

American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCP) Board Certification as a Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLS) or Medical Technologist (MT);
American Medical Technologists (AMT) Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT);
Meet grandfather requirements under (Clinical Laboratory Improvements Amendments) CLIA '88.
New graduates will have 6 months to obtain certification.
Qualifications

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.
Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications.
Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, stenography and transcription, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology.
The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.
The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer).
The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.
Ability to watch gauges, dials, or other indicators to make sure a machine is working properly.
Environmental Factors
Frequent to continuous exposure to unpleasant/irritating substances. Exposure to hazardous and/or potentially injurious elements or conditions is considerable.
Physical Demands
The physical demands described are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

Must be able to work any shift and/or weekend.
The employee will frequently be required to lift, push or pull weight of at least 5 to 60 lbs.
Ability to attend to visual details.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to walk, stand, bend, and reach (70 to 100%).
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to move through and between nursing units to perform phlebotomy and Blood Bank duties.
Ability to communicate orally and in writing.
Ability to receive and comprehend written and oral communications.
Mental Demands

Absolute integrity in the accurate performance and reporting of results.
Exercise discretion, good independent judgment, and reasoning ability.
Ability to work under stress caused by turn-around times.
Analyze information or data.
Plan sequence of operations or actions.
Make decisions of moderate to substantial
Note
Reasonable accommodations may be made to assist an otherwise qualified individual in the performance of the job. In order to meet the needs of the Company employees may be assigned other duties, in addition to or in lieu of those described above.

Responsibilities

Conducts tests according to standards. Maintains up-to-date knowledge of laboratory procedures in assigned areas, which may include:
Chemistry
Microbiology/Serology/Molecular lab
Blood Bank
Hematology
Prepares samples for analysis; performs prescribed procedures; reports accurate test results.
Organizes and prioritizes workload; meets turn-around time.
After orientation, operates, calibrates, conducts performance checks, and maintains clinical laboratory instruments and equipment.
Conducts established quality control procedures on analytical tests, equipment, reagent, media and products; evaluates results; implements corrective action when indicated.
Communicates and interacts with fellow employees; refers problems to appropriate personnel; keeps supervisor informed of unusual data or results.
Participates in continuing education as required.
Ability to troubleshoot instrumentation and make minor repairs.
Ability to monitor quality control and patient results to identify trends, shifts and changes that my affect patient results.
Performs other duties as assigned or volunteers.",3.4,"Memorial Health
3.4","Decatur, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1897,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
290,Data Scientist 3 (844),"$128k-$201k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Amyris has developed a high-throughput genetic engineering platform for designing and building custom microbes to serve as living factories. Using an industrial scale fermentation process, our microbes convert cheap sugars into a wide variety of high-value target molecules. Our end products directly impact millions of lives. We are pragmatic idealists seeking a profitable way to make the world a better place. We are convinced synthetic biology is here to stay and will have a major positive impact on our planet and everyday life.
Within Amyris R&D, we are searching for a highly energetic, curious, and self-motivated data scientist with a strong background in statistics, computing and biology to join our Data Science and Computing team. Research at Amyris is a highly multidisciplinary effort that needs brilliant contributions from life sciences and engineering disciplines in order to take projects from concept to market. From hacking directly on DNA in the lab to full scale factory production, every aspect of our work is facilitated and accelerated by quantitative science and software & hardware automation. The Data Science and Computing team works hand-in-hand with bench scientists and builds tools that enable genome engineering, protein engineering, metabolic modeling, omics experiment analysis, statistical design of experiments and machine learning models in pursuit of making better microbial strains or fermentation processes. In short, we help accelerate the design-build-test-analyze cycle in synthetic biology.
Key Responsibilities:
Iteratively develop computational algorithms, analyses, visualization tools and machine learning models to meet evolving scientific needs and to aid rapid data-driven decision making while working with a variety of data types including: genotype (NGS), phenotype (metabolomics, proteomics, GC/MS, spectroscopy, fermentation), material flow
Build version-controlled, computational workflows to analyze and model rich, high-throughput phenotype data
Interact closely with a cross-disciplinary teams of biology, analytical chemistry, and fermentation scientists to build data science products

Required Qualifications:
Degree in quantitative discipline such as computer science, mathematics, computational biology, electrical engineering, bioengineering or equivalent.
Ph.D. plus 1-3 years experience, or M.S. plus 3-6 years experience.
Experience in analyzing & visualizing large scientific datasets representing biological & chemical phenotypes
Intermediate (undergraduate level) understanding of biology topics including: genetics, cell physiology, biochemistry, evolution
Experience with programming best practices (unit testing, CI/CD, etc) and version control while contributing to or maintaining large codebases
Expertise with scripting programming languages (Python is preferred)
Hands-on experience with machine learning frameworks and concepts
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and intellectually rigorous environment
Creativity, independent thinking, and passion
Preferred Qualifications:
Background in mass spectrometry informatics, high throughput sequencing, spectrophotometry, or industrial fermentation
Experience in a microbiology or synthetic biology setting
#LI-DJ1

Amyris, a leader in industrial synthetic biology, uses its innovative bioscience solutions to achieve renewable products by converting plant sugars into hydrocarbon molecules. Amyris’ molecules are used in wide range of specialty & performance chemicals, flavors & fragrances and in applications ranging from cosmetics to biofuels. Learn more at www.amyris.com.

Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), Amyris is required to inform California residents who are our job applicants (“Applicants”) about the personal information we collect about you when you apply to a job on this site.

As an Applicant, you have the right to know and understand the categories of personal information we collect about you, and the purposes for which the categories of personal information shall be used, pursuant to the CCPA.

By clicking the “APPLY FOR THIS JOB” button below and submitting your job application, you agree you have reviewed the complete Privacy Notice for Employees, Independent Contractors and Job Applicants.

If you have any questions regarding this information, please contact Amyris at privacy@amyris.com

As a VEVRAA Federal Contractor, Amyris is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Amyris complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment.

If you are a recruiter or placement agency, please do not submit resumes to any person or email address at Amyris, Inc. prior to having a signed agreement. Amyris is not liable for and will not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved recruitment partners. Furthermore, any resumes sent to us without an agreement in place will be considered your company’s gift to Amyris and may be forwarded to our recruiters for their attention.",3.5,"Amyris
3.5","Emeryville, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
291,Data Engineer,-1,"About Us

Mindoula is a next-generation behavioral health management company that delivers tech-enabled, team-based 24/7/365 behavioral health support across the continuum of care. We are building the best population health management and analytics platform by using the latest technologies in big data and data science. Also, we are developing a comprehensive platform to address the needs of pre and post hospital care for large populations.

We are currently seeking to fill in multiple roles in technology and data to help build great technology helping Mindoula to grow faster.

About You

We are looking for a talented data engineer who is well versed with SQL, database optimization, data processing platforms & analytics.

Responsibilities:
Be part of the data team, collaborate with product and engineering teams in developing the data required to support the functionality and new features of our platforms.
Manage ingestion process of various input data sources (healthcare, claims data etc) and develop/maintain the common schema to store the healthcare information of members.
Manage tools and processes to process the data to derive key insights and analytics to power the intelligence of our platform.
Must be self-driven and a quick learner.
Requires strong problem-solving, analytical and communication skills.
Healthcare data experience is a plus.
Technologies:
Data Platforms: Spark, Python/Scala.
Strong SQL experience.
Databases: Postgres, Microsoft SQL Server
Hosting: Microsoft Azure
Tools: Github, CircleCI, CodeClimate
Requirements:
Minimum 3 years of experience in position
Healthcare experience with managing claims data
Compensation:
Competitive salary.
Generous benefits
This position is open to both as an employee or as a contractor/consultant.",3.8,"Mindoula Health Inc
3.8",Maryland,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
292,Principal Data Scientist,"$71k-$122k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description:


Fidelity is asking the question: How much AI can be applied to practically improve investors decision support process? Fidelity is looking for an experienced data scientist to advance the research and development of AI/ML methods as components in the delivery of innovative investment management technology solutions. This role will design and implement portfolio risk and optimization techniques to deliver industry differentiated capabilities.

The ideal candidate will have experience combining multi-variate statistical modeling, machine learning and open-source approaches to Cloud computing and Big Data into practical investment capabilities. We desire candidates with proven track records in the design and implementation of deep learning and/or portfolio optimization methods. Experience/interest in high performance computing, including quantum computing will be a plus.

This position will be based in Boston, MA.


The Team

The Advanced Technology for Investment Management (ATIM) is an innovation team within Fidelity. ATIM makes pivotal investments in building break-through technologies as practical and innovative investment capabilities. The goal is to continually strengthen investment decision support, build portfolio construction insights and support personalized investment goals. The team works within an innovation ecosystem that includes partners from investment, client relations, technology and centralized R&D units. Fidelitys ATIM seeks cross-domain authorities with backgrounds that connect investment management, machine learning and technology implementation. We cultivate success through a rigorous, collaborative approach that builds, tests, and iterates as we learn and seek challenging processes and problems in investment management.

The Expertise You Have
PhD in Computer Science, Applied Math, Statistics, Physics, Data Science or related field
Interest in financial markets, products, and investment processes.
Prior experience in building simulation models, predictive models or optimization solutions which delivered business value.
Expertise in model evaluation and computation performance tuning on production environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills, effective in interacting with both technical and non-technical professionals.
Embrace agile methodology and pay meticulous attention to detail
Unquestioned integrity
The Skills You Bring


Required:
Proven and deep expertise in applying deep learning, generative modeling and advanced AI techniques to tackle business problems
Proven passion for the financial markets, products, and investment process (including: Fixed Income Analytics, Asset Pricing Models and Multi-Factor Risk Models)
Good applied knowledge with statistical models, predictive models and time series analysis (such as regression, classification, simulation, dimension reduction techniques)
Good applied knowledge of mathematical algorithms of solving common optimization problems (including: linear/nonlinear/integer programming)
Proven success building computing algorithms with Java, Scala, Python or R with GPUs and/or map-reduce framework
Strong data exploration and analysis skills using advanced SQL
Desire to work with interactive web tools and quick prototyping with visualization
Preferred:

Experience with crafting proprietary machine learning processes to model dynamic dependencies and causalities
Knowledge with quantum computing, applying existing quantum computing libraries and quantum circuit design
The Value You Deliver
Advancing the research and development of AI/ML methods as components in the delivery of innovative investment management technology solutions
Designing and implementing portfolio risk and optimization techniques to deliver industry differentiated capabilities
Effective partnering across Fidelitys technology, AI Center of Excellence and investment teams
Certifications:
Category:
Business Analytics and Insights

Company Overview


At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com.

Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.",4.0,"Fidelity Investments
4.0","Boston, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1946,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
293,Data Scientist,"$88k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Waymo, we're focused on bringing self-driving technology to the world. Our mission is to make it safe and easy for people and things to move around. Today, our driverless cars are serving our first customers with no drivers behind the wheel. To experience our self-driving technology, see this 360-degree video.

In this data science role, you will:
Safety evaluation is of fundamental importance to Waymo, and measuring it is subtle. This role works with a wide variety of teams across the company (onboard software engineering, product, safety, systems engineering) to evaluate the driving and safety performance of Waymo's self driving car. This is based on a wide variety of data from real and simulated driving from Waymo's self-driving system as well as from external data sources.
The Planner Team is responsible for ""motion planning"" for the self driving car. This includes gracefully handling many complex situations involving social interactions (merging, negotiating narrow roads, etc), while dealing with a noisy and uncertain environment. Evaluation of this onboard decision-making system is a complex, open-ended problem with tremendous potential impact. The quality of the road maneuvers we execute is subjective, contextual, and geometrically subtle, and evaluation needs apply to a wide variety of conditions with an extremely long tail.
Additionally:
Analysis and improvement of existing data sources and metrics
Development of novel approaches to measuring and improving
Self-driving performance (either generally, or for motion planning specifically)
Collaborate with engineers and other data scientists to evaluate and improve core
Waymo technologies, with a focus on bringing statistical depth, general analytical rigor, and accurate causal interpretation of data.
We'd like you to have:
PhD in statistics, math, or other quantitative area
Progressive statistics background either in academia or industry
Data science and system evaluation experience
Willingness to understand a complex system and its various components
Experience with tools for manipulating big data
Experience with R/Python and statistical libraries
It's preferred if you have experience in:
Experience with C++
Familiarity with Spark/MapReduce
Training or interest in geometry or classical physics",2.8,"Waymo
2.8","Mountain View, CA",-1,Unknown,2009,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
294,Big Data Developer (TS/SCI with Poly),"$61k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

What Youll Get to Do:

The Contractor team shall be responsible for evaluating, identifying, architecting, developing, prototyping, and deploy solutions that satisfy the needs of the Customer and its mission partners. Once deployed, the contractor will be responsible for O&M of the solutions. The Customer wishes to avoid unnecessary isolation of data through the establishment of a compelling default data lake. The solution must readily accept diverse data sets; supporting ingestion in both an ad-hoc and continuing manner. Orchestration of this data ingest must not be constrained to a single team, but instead must support a community of resources empowered to ETL data into the platform. This data lake solution must be complemented by multi-tenant analytic compute platforms for data Scientists and developers facilitating analytics at scale and rapid lab-to-factory development. The platform must make data available for query, manipulation, and allow developers to join/comingle data sets with each other. Again, these abilities must be accessible to a vast community of development resources empowered to independently perform these operations on this common platform whilst enforcing appropriate access control. Moreover, the platform must enable developers and data scientists to behave as a cooperative community by allowing the creation of novel analytic capabilities that readily build upon the output of existing analytic capabilities.

More About the Role:

The Contractor shall assist the Customer in evaluating open source, commercial, and existing solutions available within the Customers environment. The Contractor shall identify solutions, produce illustrative prototypes, and work with the Customer to generate recommendations and an implementation roadmap. To the greatest extent feasible, these solutions will build atop and augment existing Customer investments.

The Contractor shall develop analytic capabilities aimed at facilitating information discovery, summarization, or to aid the interpretation of patterns within. This development activity may include identifying existing analytic tradecraft of value and performing tech transfer as necessary. The Contractor shall have experience with data science and have successfully delivered analytic capabilities.

The Contractor shall assess and validate candidate systems, applications, and open source modules as potential elements for inclusion into the Customer system. The Contractor shall identify key interdependencies, roadblocks, issues, and risks with modifying existing systems and develop/integrate/implement a plan to proactively address these issues in a timely manner.

The Contractor shall evaluate existing Customer capabilities, familiarizing themselves with system architecture and inherit the development responsibilities for those capabilities and systems as directed by the Customer. The Contractor shall work with the Customer to generate and document requirements for new system development. The Contractor shall develop new systems to satisfy Customer approved requirements, and subsequently develop, document, and execute test plans, procedures, and scenarios for acceptance testing. The Contractor shall validate and verify that the developed software successfully meets Customer requirements and interfaces properly with related systems through configuration, installation, and performance testing of the software.

The Contractor shall comply with the Customers Assessment and Authorization process, addressing auditing requirements, and providing required system documentation through the accreditation process. The Contractor shall work with the Customer to develop, implement, and maintain a strategy for appropriately handling security sensitive applications.

Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Demonstrated experience in API Design
Demonstrated experience in authoring and consuming Web Services.
Demonstrated experience utilizing RMDB and NoSQL capabilities.
Demonstrated experience utilizing Distributed Data Storage platforms
Demonstrated experience developing atop Distributed Data Processing & Query platforms
Demonstrated experience in open source technologies and experience in pulling together multiple open source modules to satisfy a system requirement
Demonstrated experience utilizing managed platforms/services and experience pulling together multiple services/platforms to satisfy a system requirement
Demonstrated experience in securely and efficiently facilitating search within large distributed systems with row-level or cell-level security.
Demonstrated experience in user engagements, soliciting requirements, decomposing into user stories
Demonstrated experience in requirements definition
Demonstrated experience in Information Security, Assessment & Accreditation
Demonstrated on-the-job experience with Agile methodologies.
Linux (e.g. CentOS)
Java
Python
NoSQL Databases (e.g. mongoDB, Cassandra, DynamoDB, etc.)
SQL & RDBMS Systems (e.g. Amazon RDS)
SOLR and/or ElasticSearch, or equivalents
AWS S3, HDFS
Presto, AWS Athena, Pig, or equivalents
Hadoop, Spark, AWS EMR, or equivalents
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
AWS Glue
Apache NiFi
IAS

BITS3

What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.

Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
295,Quality Control Scientist,-1,"Position Summary:

The Quality Control Scientist will provide oversight of contract analytical labs and manufacturers. This includes, review of analytical data from release and stability studies and review of method validation protocols and reports. The candidate should have a strong understanding of cGMPs and relevant ICH and FDA regulatory guidelines. Prior hand-on experience working in a QC lab and thorough understanding of root cause analysis for investigations is required. This position will interact and work closely with cross-functional teams, including, manufacturing, quality assurance and regulatory.

Responsibilities:
Review analytical data packages generated during GMP release/stability testing of drug substance and drug product at the contract manufacturing sites
Assist in investigations and formulate a plan to identify/confirm root cause for anomalous results
Write and/or review method validation and transfer protocols and reports
Write and/or review protocols and reports related to stability studies as well as prepare tables summarizing results from stability studies
Track and trend release and stability data for batch analysis and shelf life establishment
Initiate change control for internal specifications and regulatory documents
Evaluate and perform risk assessment for change control documents provided by the contract manufacturing sites
Manage reference standard program for drug substance, impurities and degradants
Qualifications:
B.S. or M.S in analytical chemistry or related scientific disciplines with 5+ years of experience in analytical development with minimum of 3+ years of experience in quality control
Skills, Knowledge & Abilities:
Hands-on proficiency and problem-solving skills with chromatographic techniques e.g. HPLC, UPLC and GC. Familiarity with mass and UV/VIS spectroscopic techniques is an advantage
Prior experience in interacting with contract labs and manufacturing sites is a plus
Hands-on experience with method validations and transfers in support of pharmaceutical manufacturing
Proficiency in performing root cause analysis for investigation
Experience with iStability software is a plus
Passion for learning, creating, relating, communicating, and leading cross functional teams
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience in a start-up environment preferred
Must be pro-active team player, flexible, and open to change
Working Conditions: Will work from the Company's San Francisco Bay Area office, with additional travel as required to oversee the virtual development and manufacturing network (estimated at 25%).

Physical Demands and Work Environment:

This is largely a sedentary role; however, some filing is required. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand on a stool as necessary.

This job operates in a professional office environment and routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.

Benefits and Perks:

Apellis offers a great benefit package which includes: health insurance with full premium coverage, 401K with company match, paid time off (PTO), long- term disability insurance, life insurance and more! Visit http://apellis.com/careerbenefits.html to learn more.

Company Background:

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel therapeutic compounds to treat disease through the inhibition of the complement system, which is an integral component of the immune system, at the level of C3, the central protein in the complement cascade. We believe that this approach can result in broad inhibition of the principal pathways of the complement system and has the potential to effectively control a broad array of complement-dependent autoimmune and inflammatory diseases.

Visit http://apellis.com/about.html to learn more.

EEO Statement:

Apellis is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state and local fair employment practices laws. Apellis strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex (including pregnancy), gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender or transsexual individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, genetic information, marital status, AIDS/HIV status, smoker/nonsmoker, and occupational pneumocononiosis or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state or local law.

Other Duties:

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

#LI-BE1",3.9,"Apellis
3.9","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
296,Data Scientist,-1,"Location: * Davenport, IA. Position is in-house, applicants must be willing to commute or relocate.
What we do: *
TapOnIt is revolutionizing the way businesses attract and connect with customers via their powerful messaging platform. A female-founded company launched in April 2015 by Katie Castillo-Wilson and her sister Sara Castillo, TapOnIt has quickly emerged as a leader in message tech space and is ramping up for exponential growth.

How? We leverage direct messages (SMS / MMS) and a rich mobile web interface to deliver meaningful communications to targeted & smart audiences. With text messages having a 99% open-rate - including 90% opened within three minutes of being received - TapOnIt technology delivers immediate visibility and results for brands at a fraction of the cost of traditional forms of advertising. Our tech has continued to evolve over the last five years, and our branded product, TapOnIt Deals, has provided valuable insight and a proven record of success.
You’ll spend time on: *
Maintaining data warehouse
Performing quality control tests
Developing external web services
Utilizing REST APIs to integrate with 3rd party systems
Being part of a highly motivated team working with agile methodologies
Working in an innovative and fast moving environment
Minimum qualifications: *
BSc/MSc in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, Machine Learning or similar quantitative discipline
2-3 years of experience in a Data Engineering or similar role
Working experience in SQL (SQL Server, PostgreSQL)
Familiarity with Linux systems will be considered as a plus
Preferred qualifications: *
Knowledge of the mobile industry and text messaging
Able to work in an agile environment
Excellent oral and written English communication skills, willing to work and coordinate with multiple teams for solution delivery
Excellent leadership skills and ability to drive solutions, take initiative, meet deadlines and deliver results.
What we offer: *
A startup environment that is fast-paced, agile and collaborative with few rigid boundaries
Meaningful, hi-tech projects that make a difference
Competitive compensation package with bonus opportunities
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Training according to your desired path and development needs
Free coffee, snacks & company swag
Casual dress code, because we want you to feel comfortable
Hypoallergenic office dog: )
A company culture that values employees’ unique skills and allows them to grow
Equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
We practice social distancing, temperature monitoring, routine cleaning of shared spaces, and have masks and disinfectants available to employees at all times.

Experience:
Data Engineering: 2 years (Required)
Linux: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL Server: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Davenport, IA 52803 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.taponittech.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/taponitdeals/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.8,"TapOnIt Mobile Deals
2.8","Davenport, IA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Unknown,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
297,Data Engineer with Top Secret,"$90k-$162k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Opportunity: Our team is seeking a talented Top Secret cleared Data Engineer to work in our NW Washington DC location.

This role supports DHS’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis (I&A). I&A is responsible for developing DHS-wide intelligence through managing the collection, analysis and fusion of intelligence throughout the entire Department. I&A disseminates intelligence throughout DHS, to the other members of the United States Intelligence Community, and to first responders at the state, local, and tribal level.
What You'll Get To Do as a Data Engineer: *
Create and maintain data pipelines and transformation flows in a cloud environment
Data management/mapping among multiple distinct data sources
Cloud management and server administration of domain services
Big Data infrastructure services and cross domain data transfer
You’ll Bring These Qualifications: *
Active Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility
BS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline from an accredited college or university and ten (10) to fourteen (14) years of progressive experience, or an MS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline, and eight (8) to twelve (12) years of progressive experience, or a Ph.D. degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline and four (4) to seven (7) years of progressive experience.
Familiar with ETL technologies, MapReduce, JSON/XML transformations and schemas
Familiar with AngularJS
Familiar with Apache NiFi and Java (NAR) NiFi Archives
Knowledge of Amazon Web Services (AWS Cloud)
Programming languages – Java/JEE, Javascript, Python, Groovy, Shell Script
HTTP via REST and SOAP
Datastores – HDFS, MongoDB, S3, Elastic, NoSQL, RDBMS
Build and Configuration Management Tools – Maven, Ansible, Puppet
Working knowledge with public keys and digital certificates
Linux/Unix server environments
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have: *
Master’s level education
Familiarity with: jQuery, XPath, XQuery, Spark, Impala, Sqoop, Hive/Pig, Python, Gradle, Maven, PL/SQL, Unix Shell, C++/C, AngularJS, Spring, JSON, XML/XSLT/HTML, JPA/Hibernate, Spark, Accumulo, MapReduce, Storm/Kafka, HSpace, Pig, Servlet/JSP, LDAP
About OneGlobe: *
OneGlobe LLC was founded in 2005 to provide quality Information Technology solutions that exceed expectations. We focus on IT System Modernization using agile software development practices and DevSecOps to deliver intuitive and maintainable systems that we help our customers improve their processes and capabilities.

We provide full service IT solutions and have the skill to identify, plan and perform cost-saving steps throughout the system lifecycle to enhance system efficiency, while optimizing the value that we deliver to our customers. Our team has the drive and right mindset to feel ownership on the projects they work. They partner with our customers to give the extra effort sometimes required to deliver success.

We provide highly competitive benefits package to include: extensive medical/dental/vision, 7% of your annual salary toward 401(k), Paid Time Off (PTO), $5K annually toward ongoing education and training, and more. We also have monthly social and tech events!

See additional positions at: http://www.oneglobeit.com/#careers

OneGlobe is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are a drug free, EEO employer committed to a diverse workforce. We will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, political affiliation or veteran status.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
NiFi: 5 years (Preferred)
Java: 5 years (Preferred)
Hadoop: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
ETL: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.oneglobeit.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"OneGlobe LLC
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
298,Data Analyst,-1,"Please do not apply through Glassdoor.
The only way you will be considered is if you follow the link at the bottom of the page and take a very short quiz.
What are we looking for?
We are looking for a technically savvy database-oriented Analyst with good people skills and the ability to pick up new business concepts and technologies.
The ideal candidate will possess:
At least 4 years of experience.
A strong to very strong working knowledge of SQL and Python.
An ability to write and troubleshoot complex SQL procedures.
The desire to understand business events through data.
An understanding of Data Warehousing and ETL techniques.
High level understanding in at least one scripting language such as Ruby, Shell, Python.
An interest in learning large data set processing with MapReduce/Hadoop/Pig/etc.
Linux skills are a plus.
Good client relations skills strongly preferred.
Who are we?
Raybeam, Inc. is a software engineering and consulting company focused on strategic consulting, business intelligence, and online/database marketing for the past fifteen years. We have offices near Boston and San Francisco and support a strong list of clients including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, eBay, Disney, One Kings Lane, Beachbody and Hilton Worldwide.
What do we do?
We provide technology solutions by architecting and developing enterprise systems using a variety of programming languages, tools and platforms. This can range from building data warehouses, to web applications to implementing reporting platforms. We work in small teams, own the projects that we work on, and have direct input into the business decisions of our clients.
What do you get from working for Raybeam?
A fun, supportive work environment that promotes camaraderie and growth.
The chance to travel and network with important figures in the industry.
The chance to have input into business decisions of our clients.
The opportunity to learn technologies that you've always wanted but never had the chance.
If you are interested in applying for the position please click on the link below to take a short quiz.
http://careerseval.raybeam.com/sign_in
Please note that Raybeam, Inc. is currently unable to provide sponsorship and we will only consider local candidates.
COVID-19 considerations:
Due to COVID, all employees are currently working remotely. When it is safe to do so, we will return to the office.",4.7,"Raybeam
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
299,SAP Data Analyst,"$70k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Description:
The SAP Data Analyst is responsible for analyzing data and the ERP architecture to support business intelligence. In collaboration with subject matter experts and data stewards, defines and implements data strategy, policies and controls to ensure enterprise data is accurate, complete, secure and reliable. The SAP Data Analyst will oversee data structures, design the ERP reporting strategy and provide system training. The SAP Data Analyst will ensure master data integrity in key systems as well as maintaining the process to support the data quality. The analyst must be proficient with SAP reporting tools and willing to keep up with industry trends for continuous improvement.

Position Requirements:
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Define reporting requirements and analyze data for business intelligence and systems integration.
• Establish enterprise master data requirements and troubleshoot issues with cross-functional teams.
• Consults with users to develop an understanding of business needs and support those needs using application and tools.
• Manage production support activities for all user requests using Exelixis’ ticketing system.
• Utilizes Exelixis IT department policies, methodologies, standards and guidelines with regard to systems development and/or software package selection.
• Manages business and technical subject matter experts to implement and maintain systems.
• Conducts research and analysis into the nature, effect and results of system problems.
• Maintain current and create new system documentation as needed; coordinates with Finance Systems Analyst to perform testing of system modifications.
• Develops or coordinates system training including educational tools and materials.
• Maintains regulated systems and audit IT general controls for compliance (SOX, 21 CFR Part 11).
• Generates and maintains computer system’s validation documentation, if required.
• Project management of system upgrades and implementations.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• None

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Education:
• BS/BA degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and seven years of related experience;
• MA/MS degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and five years of related experience;
• Equivalent combination of education ad SAP reporting experience in an active support role.

Experience:
• Financial background is strongly encouraged as this position will need to have a good understanding of financial concepts and reporting requirements.
• Seven years working experience with SAP Analytics Cloud and SAP BW. Experience in report design and analyzing data structures is required.
• S/4 HANA, SAP Analytics for Office and other add-in reporting experience, such as Tableau, is strongly desired.
• Experience authoring and/or executing functional specification documents.
• Experience participating in audits for GxP or SOX compliance preferred
• Experience with GxP Validated Computer Systems is preferred.
• Experience in drug discovery, pharmaceutical or related industry is preferred.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
• Applies solid analytical and business communication skills.
• Strong financial reporting background and knowledge of other related disciplines.
• Identifies and implements methods and procedures to achieve results.
• Ability to lead the work of other by providing guidance to teams based on organizational goals and company policy, with responsibility for results, including costs and methods.
• Complete understanding and wide application of technical principles (SDLC), theories, concepts and techniques.
• Performs a variety of complicated tasks with a wide degree of creativity and latitude.

JOB COMPLEXITY:
• Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors.
• Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation of criteria for obtaining results.
• Uses professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a wide range of difficult problems in imaginative and practical ways.
• Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.

DISCLAIMER
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.",3.1,"Exelixis
3.1","Alameda, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
300,Lead Data Scientist – Healthcare,"$116k-$181k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE's Health Systems Analytics and Visualization Group is seeking a motivated, creative Lead Data Scientist to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to interact directly with government leaders in a fast-paced and dynamic atmosphere with the ability to make a difference and impact outcomes with solid analysis. Our team members are expected to work on multiple projects, cross-pollinate good ideas across the government and continuously learn. We are an interdisciplinary department that thrives on having a large toolbox to support data- and model-driven decision making. We value people who can bring diverse perspectives. Our department works to solve problems in the public interest, in partnership with the government. MITRE also actively conducts independent research in areas of interest to our government partners, and once established with a proven track record of quality delivery and consistent performance, members of our department have latitude to select projects.

This is an outstanding opportunity to have substantial impact on national and international health, fostering research, improving care and public health outcomes, and lowering burden and costs.

To be successful you will:
Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world healthcare problems.
Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.
Responsibilities include:
Work with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.
Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.
Lead projects throughout their life cycle, including conceptualization, requirements definition, data procurement, development, integration, and socialization.
Provide relevant day-to-day tasking for one or more junior staff.
Required Qualifications
Master’s Degree in science, engineering, or a health-related field, with 10+ years of relevant work experience. A Bachelor’s degree coupled with substantial experience would be acceptable
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python (scikit-learn, pandas, tensorflow), R, SAS, or MATLAB
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
Demonstrated experience leading customer facing engagements emphasizing data analytics.
Experience visualizing multi-dimensional data using tools like Tableau, ggplot2, matplotlib, seaborn, or D3.js
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Exceptional organizational skills and meticulous attention to detail
A track record of successfully delivering on deadlines
Preferred Qualifications:
7 or more years applied experience working at a local, state, tribal, territorial, or federal
public health agency
Applied expertise working with public health data sets conducting data analyses and quality
assurance practices, and storing data efficiently
Applied expertise working with public health information systems, open data sources, and
data standards
Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines)
Exceptional experience in complex analysis and strategic operational support
Prior experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j).
Experience using version control (e.g., Git, Mercurial, SVN) to support collaborative development.
Prior experience developing interactive data visualizations using open source web technologies (Angular, Vue, React, D3) or other frameworks (Shiny, Jupyter Notebooks)
Research experience.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","New Windsor, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
301,Business Intelligence Analyst - Glens Falls Hospital,"$27k-$55k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

As a Business Intelligence Analyst, you will drive the efficient operations within a line of business by analyzing business processes and data to provide business insight. You will be responsible for articulating key process flows and stakeholders, describe and manipulate data sets, sources, and structures as well as gather requirements and manage multiple inputs and priorities. As a member of this team you will develop reporting to make data more meaningful to business initiatives, analyze data quantitatively and qualitatively and communicate findings, this will also include identifying root cause of problems with reports or data sets within the domain. Finally, your responsibilities will include collaborating on data quality conditions and monitoring with domain business subject matter experts.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or related field, or equivalent relevant work experience
At least 1 year of business analytics work experience
Preferred Qualifications
At least 1 year experience with Excel, SQL, Tableau, PowerBI, Business Objects, and/or CCL
At least 1 year experience with healthcare quality measures
At least 1 year experience with Cerner Millennium and/or HealtheIntent applications
At least 1 year experience in a healthcare consulting role
Expectations
Must live in or be willing to relocate to the Glens Falls, NY area",4.0,"Cerner
4.0","Glens Falls, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
302,Data Engineer,"$63k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Now Hiring a Data Engineer

As a Data Engineer, you will use cutting edge cloud and data technologies to streamline services to our clients. Join our team of Data and Cloud professionals and accomplish what others only dream of. This is a remote position, but requires up to 50% travel to Chevy Chase, Maryland.

Profile of Success:
Work in a team using cutting edge technologies to solve challenging business problems and build solutions
Interact directly with our client(s) to understand their needs and meet, or exceed their expectations by meeting delivery deadlines
Work in an agile environment with participation in daily stand-ups/scrum
Design, write, test, troubleshoot, and document data transformations
Learn new technologies and be aware of industry standards, best practices, and trends.
Required Skills
3+ years of experience working with Scala
Hands on Programming experience in Scala with Spark for ETL
Advanced SQL skills
Possess Hive skills with HiveQL.
Experience in designing efficient and robust ETL/ELT workflows, schedulers using Oozie, and event-based triggers
Experience as a Big Data Developer
Exposure to NoSQL databases, HBase, and the Hadoop Ecosystem
Proven ability to work with clients to understand requirements and envision data ingestion solutions
Desirable Skills
Experience with the Azure storage technologies (Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure SQL Database)
Knowledge of Azure data movement and transformation capabilities (Azure Data Factory, Data Lake Analytics, Data Bricks, Stream Analytics)
Knowledge of Talend ETL
Microsoft related certifications such as the MCSD/MCSE",4.5,"Applied Information Sciences
4.5","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
303,Data Scientist/Machine Learning Expert,"$86k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","26-Aug-2020

Job ID
301660BR
{""QuestionName"":""Job Description"",""AnswerValue"":""ONE Global Discovery Chemistry Community working across 7 disease areas at the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR) is seeking a hardworking and motivated Data Scientist to join our Computer-Aided Drug Discovery (CADD) Department in Cambridge, MA. The successful candidate will join an energizing and collaborative research organization, working alongside colleagues who are dedicated to improving human health through the discovery of transformative medicines.

We are seeking an outstanding data scientist with the skills, experience and passion to extract new knowledge and ground-breaking insights from the expanded body of data collected by one of the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies. You will be a member of our global CADD group, an interdisciplinary team of expert molecular modelers, cheminformaticians, and data scientists. Teamed up with domain specialists from biology, chemistry and translational medicine, this is a unique opportunity to develop and apply cutting-edge machine learning technologies to uncover insights to real-world drug discovery problems and innovate paths to transformative medicines.

What you'll do:
Develop and implement approaches for extracting patterns and correlations from both internal and external data sources using machine learning toolkits
Develop workflows for conducting comparative analysis among Novartis’ diverse data sources as well as generalizing approaches crafted in-house or externally.
Enable open-source solutions for internal use and implement cutting-edge published scientific methods.
Develop customized machine learning solutions including data querying and knowledge extraction.
Interact and be part of matrixed project teams to drive effective decision-making by mining and developing predictive models
Develop skills in the area of cheminformatics and drug discovery and improve those to accelerate development of novel machine learning algorithms
Know the latest breakthroughs in scientific literature and interact with scientists to integrate data science technologies
Posting Title
Data Scientist/Machine Learning Expert",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
304,Bioinformatics Scientist/Sr Bioinformatics Scientist,-1,"Position Summary
The Bioinformatics Scientist/Sr Bioinformatics Scientist will catalyze computational analysis of large volumes of genomic and clinical data with the aim of developing precision medicine approaches for the rescue of drugs that have failed late stage clinical trials. This individual will play a key scientific role leveraging innovative computational analysis strategies and a wide range of data sources to discover novel clinical biomarkers to improve therapeutic outcomes in complex diseases of unmet medical need with specific focus on the identification of genetic biomarkers that relate to disease subgroups and therapeutic response. Areas of particular focus include systems-level analysis of genetic association studies to discover novel biomarkers for oncology and CNS diseases. Successful candidates include individuals looking to bridge the gap between academic and industrial research environments to impact delivery of truly innovative and life-changing therapies.

ESSENTIAL fUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Coordinated application of novel computational analysis and biological interpretation approaches to leverage internal, public and partner datasets to empower pharmacogenomics biomarker research.
Data integration across various genomic platforms.
Participation in and oversight of scientific report writing. Presentation of methods, results and conclusions to a publishable standard.
Contribution to planning and execution of collaborative projects with leading academic and commercial research groups.
Participate in brainstorming sessions, maintain a highly productive and motivating work environment.
JOB QUALIFICATIONS
Education, Certifications, Experience
Ph.D. in computational biology, bioinformatics, or related field.
5+ years post-doctoral experience of inter-disciplinary computational and drug discovery research in a university, hospital or biotechnology environment.
2+ years’ experience in pharma/biotech research environment is preferable.
Experience working with data from clinical trials and health care data.
Track record of peer-reviewed publication in relevant scientific journals.
Expertise in genetic association studies and the analysis and interpretation of next-generation sequencing data are prerequisites.
Previous experience in the field of precision medicine is preferred.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Strong knowledge required of genetic association analysis and interpretation, and applied computational research of large multivariate datasets.
Expertise in algorithmic implementation, statistical programming, and data manipulation, using R/Bioconductor, Matlab, Python, and a wide range of contemporary open-source bioinformatics tools and databases.
Strong proficiency and understanding of machine learning algorithms & principles.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Fluent verbal and written English language skills are prerequisite.
A strong interest in the inter-disciplinary application of computational analysis to life sciences data is imperative, as is a rich background and experience in bioinformatics and computational biology research.",-1,Denovo Biopharma,"San Diego, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
305,Senior Data Analyst,"$43k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Company Overview:

Guided by a mission to help, ABILITY, an Inovalon company, is a leading information technology company helping healthcare providers and payers simplify administrative and clinical complexity by enabling data-driven improvements in healthcare.

Through specialized, easy-to-use applications and data analytics that work together, customers of all types and sizes across the continuum of care – rely on ABILITY to help optimize reimbursement, care quality and staffing.

Our employee philosophy is simple: We hire smart, talented people and trust them to do their thing. As part of ABILITY, you’ll grow with a company that wants you to succeed. To support you, we provide the teams, the latitude, the support and the culture so you can try new things, broaden your experience, and grow and succeed with us. Join our team and help make ABILITY a great place to do great work.

Job Purpose:

There are two primary outcomes of this Senior Data Analyst role. The first outcome is to provide analysis and reporting to leadership to drive the business forward. The second outcome is to keep our systems and data warehouse efficient and accurate through writing efficient SQL code, designing automated reporting, and providing recommendations to committees for further process/workflow automation. This role will be interacting with all departments and job roles, from the bottom of the org chart up to the President of ABILITY and will require strong communication and technical skills.

Responsibilities


Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Developer of ad-hoc, automated, and recurring reporting enterprise wide (Executive Team, Finance, Marketing, Sales, Sales Operations, Customer Operations, IT, Development, Product Management)
Develop and maintain a database and reporting structure in order to remain the primary source of data analytics and reporting within the company
Communicate your analysis and reporting in an easy to understand way through presentations, email, and with proper documentation.
Learn & maintain an in-depth knowledge of the processes relevant to data analytics that are in place for each department while identifying areas for process improvement and working to fix them
Perform month end variance analyses to understand in detail the drivers for variations in financials and various other 'ad-hoc' analyses as requested to help identify what is happening within the business
Lead, encourage, and support all analysts with reporting, insights, project review, and training in our data measures and structures
Research and implement new reporting solutions, both with internal applications and external applications in order to utilize our technology to the fullest
Maintain compliance with Inovalon’s policies, procedures and mission statement;
Adhere to all confidentiality and HIPAA requirements as outlined within Inovalon’s Operating Policies and Procedures in all ways and at all times with respect to any aspect of the data handled or services rendered in the undertaking of the position;
Fulfill those responsibilities and/or duties that may be reasonably provided by Inovalon for the purpose of achieving operational and financial success of the Company;
Uphold responsibilities relative to the separation of duties for applicable processes and procedures within your job function; and
We reserve the right to change this job description from time to time as business needs dictate and will provide notice of such.
Qualifications
BA/BS in Finance, Accounting or related Data Analysis field
Minimum 5 years of related experience
Expert knowledge in Microsoft Office suite including Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint
Ability to write complex SQL queries required
Experience with Tableau required
Experience with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) required
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrate ability to work effectively with others within a complex, fast paced organization required
Capability to work independently when needed, with strong “executive presence”
Merger and acquisition experience a plus


Travel: 0%",3.0,"Ability Network
3.0","Minneapolis, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
306,"Scientist, Assay Development",-1,"POSITION SUMMARY:
This position is responsible for developing, coordinating, and providing assay support for preclinical, clinical candidates and other CMO projects coordinated by Process Development and Manufacturing. This position will also be responsible for developing and evaluating technology to characterize vaccine products (example: recombinant protein, virus or bacterial vaccines). This position also involves and coordinates the assay qualification, validation and tech transfer activities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Responsible for developing physicochemical methodologies and analytical techniques including chromatography (HPLC - size exclusion, ion exchange), light scattering, solubility and viscosity measurements, spectroscopy (CD, fluorescence, UV/VIS, and FTIR), for quantifying purity/quality of proteins, peptides, VLPs, viral vectors.
Responsible for performing Peptide micro-array, ELISA, SDS-PAGE, Western blotting, qPCR, and RT-PCR and other gene/protein expression assays.
Responsible for developing or optimizing viral titer assays, TCID50, plaque, and focus assays for viral vectors.
Lead development of assays for physical and functional characteristics of recombinant protein, bacterial or viral vaccine formulations to support various phases of clinical manufacturing projects.
Coordinates and lead the development of release and potency assays for various vaccine platforms as needed.
Coordinate various projects and provide assay or analytical support for Process Development and Manufacturing.
Coordinates assay transfer activities as appropriate for internal or external projects.
Coordinate assay activities among Assay Development, Quality Control and Process Development groups for driving work to meet project deliverables as well as for cross-functional improvements.
Experienced in the principles of good record keeping for all the assay development processes.
Demonstrated ability to assemble data generated into technical reports, summaries, and/or graphic presentations.
Write, review, and edit SOPs.
Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS:
PhD degree in Molecular Biology, Biochemistry, Biophysics or Pharmaceutical Chemistry discipline with a 3+ years in Assay/Analytical Development, Protein Characterization, Formulation development in vaccines in an industrial setting.
Hands-on and in-depth understanding of different recombinant protein physical and biochemical characterization and stabilization techniques.
Experience in technology transfer, assay qualification and assay validation
Experience in the design and screening various formulations for protein and virus to assess stability. Investigates, develops, optimizes, and implements new analytical assays.
Evidence of experience with cGMP, ICH testing guidelines and regulatory requirements for filing and registration of vaccine and/or biologics.
Evidence of effective communication, both verbally and written.
Demonstrate highly organized, analytical, accurate, and detail oriented capabilities.
Evidence of ability to prioritize assignments; time management and multitasking in a dynamic environment.
IDT offers a competitive compensation package to include major medical/dental/vision, group life insurance, STD/LTD plans, 401k plan with company match, and paid vacation, sick and holidays.
IDT Biologika Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status andwill not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.",3.6,"IDT Biologika
3.6","Rockville, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Unknown,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
307,Data Scientist,"$93k-$149k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The emerging next-generation pharmaceutical supply chain is characterized by the orchestration of collaborating, networked stakeholders working to the common goal of delivering pharmaceutical products to patients on-time and in-full. TraceLink is leading that transformation by leveraging the benefits of big data and cloud technologies realized through advanced algorithms, data science, and analytics. We are extending our core data science team that is responsible for delivering innovative data science solutions to our customers. The ideal candidate is an experienced data science innovator capable of methodically producing performant solutions subject to business constraints. Experience that extends back into data engineering and data collection and forward into product realization within a cloud environment is highly desirable.

Collaboratively identify data science opportunities that support business and product goals
Propose, develop, evaluate, and perfect specific data science solutions
Modify solutions to address application constraints
Integrate modified solutions into cloud-based product offerings
Communicate results and ideas to business leaders

Skills and Qualifications Wish List
Analytical, data-driven, inquisitive mindset with a bias toward precision
Superb written and oral technical communication skills
Learn quickly especially within computer technologies and mathematical concepts
Proficiency in mathematics, statistical analysis, and software development
Proficiency in data science environments, tools, and technologies
Broad knowledge of data science techniques
Ability to distinguish applicability of alternatives
Understanding of the relative performance of competing techniques
Develop, evaluate, perfect, and implement data science solutions
Clean, enhance, profile, and mine structured and unstructured data
Identify and integrate data repositories from internal and external sources
Optimize and test estimators
Perform experimental analysis and validate results
Communicate trustworthy and objective results
Implement analytical models into production by collaborating with software developers and machine learning engineers.
Valuable Additional Skills and Experience
Formal training in data science or related disciplines such as mathematics, engineering, or computer science
Experience with big data cloud technologies especially Amazon offerings
Experience with software engineering tools and processes (agile software development)
Proficiency with MSOffice and Google G Suite tools
Experience with Java, Scala, javascript, SQL, Python, R, XML, yaml, JSON, shell scripting
Proficiency with applied mathematics such as probability and statistics, stochastic systems, queueing theory, optimization, control theory, and adaptive systems.",3.9,"TraceLink, Inc.
3.9","North Reading, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
308,Research Scientist,-1,"Job Description:

Our Reston office is seeking talented candidates to develop mathematical models and algorithms, develop and demonstrate prototype software, and participate in operational analysis related to their technical work. Our Reston office employs mathematicians, physicists and computer scientists. We routinely apply stochastic processes, statistical inference, optimization and scheduling, models of random graphs and applied physics to develop the underlying theory and applications for our clients. The successful candidate will interact with customers, both onsite and offsite, gather requirements and data, write and present briefings, and contribute to the development of Metron tools.

Projects typically involve developing advanced algorithms implemented in a computer prototype system for our research & development customers. We work in small teams, led by Senior Analysts, who work closely with new employees. Project teams work together from the initial system concept, through software and algorithm design, to implementation and demonstration.

We believe an employee's specific academic training is not as important as their innate ability and willingness to learn new areas of mathematics and work on difficult problems.

Required Qualifications:
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Physics or Operations Research
Some programming experience is preferred (C, C++, Java, Matlab, etc.)
Mathematical, simulation, or physical modeling experience highly desired
US Citizenship required, position will require background investigation to authorize access to classified information

Position Location: Reston, VA

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Metron takes affirmative action in support of its policy to employ and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor",3.0,"Metron, Inc.
3.0","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
309,Data Engineer,"$90k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Us


Interested in working for a human-centered technology company that prides itself on using modern tools and technologies? Want to be surrounded by intensely curious and innovative thinkers?

Seeking to solve complex technical challenges by building products that work for people, meet and exceed the needs of businesses, and work elegantly and efficiently?

Modeling ourselves after the 1904 World's Fair, which brought innovation to the region, 1904labs is seeking top technical talent in St. Louis to bring innovation and creativity to our clients.

Our clients consist of Fortune 500 and Global 2000 companies headquartered here in St. Louis. We partner with them on complex projects that range from reimagining and refactoring their existing applications, to helping to envision and build new applications or data streams to operationalize their existing data. Working in a team-based labs model, using our own flavor of #HCDAgile, we strive to work at the cutting edge of technology's capabilities while solving problems for our clients and their users.

The Role


As a Data Engineer you would be responsible for developing and deploying cutting edge distributed data solutions. Our engineers have a passion for open source technologies, strive to build cloud first applications, and are motivated by our desire to transform businesses into data driven enterprises. This team will focus on working with platforms such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Kafka, Elasticsearch, SQL and NoSQL/Graph databases as well as cloud-based data services.

Our teams at 1904labs are Agile, and we work in a highly collaborative environment. You would be a productive member of a fast paced group and have an opportunity to solve some very complex data problems.

Requirements


3+ years of progressive experience as a Data Engineer, BI Developer, Application Developer or related occupation.
Agile: Experience working in an agile team oriented environment
Attitude / Aptitude: A passion for everything data with a desire to be at the cutting edge of technology and consistently deliver working software while always keeping an eye on opportunities for innovation.
Technical Skills (You have experience with 2 or more of these bulletpoints):
Programming in Java (Or similar JVM language such as Scala, Groovy, etc) and/or Python
Architecting and integrating big data pipelines
Working with large data volumes; this includes processing, transforming and transporting large scale data using technologies such as: MR/TEZ, Hive SQL, Spark, etc.
Have a strong background in SQL / Data Warehousing (dimensional modeling)
Have a strong background working with and/or implementing architecture for RDBMS such as: Oracle, MySQL, Postgres and/or SQLServer.
Experience with traditional ETL tools such as SSIS, Informatica, Pentaho, Talend, etc.
Experience with NoSQL/Graph Data Modeling and are actively using Cassandra, HBase, DynamoDB, Neo4J, Titan, or DataStax Graph
Installing/configuring a distributed computing/storage platform, such as Apache Hadoop, Amazon EMR, Apache Spark, Apache Hive, and/or Presto
Working with one or more streaming platforms, such as Apache Kafka, Spark Streaming, Storm, or AWS Kinesis
Working knowledge of the Linux command line and shell scripting
Desired Skills
Analytics: Have working knowledge of analytics/reporting tools such as Tableau, Spotfire, Qlikview, etc.
Open Source: Are working with open source tools now and have a background in contributing to open source projects.
Perks
Standard Benefits Program (medical, dental, life insurance, 401(k), professional development and education assistance, PTO).
Innovation Hours - Ten percent (10%) of our work week is set aside to work on our own product ideas in a highly collaborative and supportive environment. The best part: The IP remains your own. We are a high-growth culture and we know that when we help people focus on personal and professional growth, collectively, we can achieve great things.
Dress Code - we don't have one
This job is located in St. Louis, MO. While we would prefer local candidates your current location is not the most important factor; please help us understand why you would like to call St. Louis home if you would be relocating.

]]>",4.7,"1904labs
4.7","Saint Louis, MO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
310,Scientist - In Vitro Assays,-1,"At Visikol, our mission is to accelerate the discovery and development of therapeutics through transforming tissues into quantitative data sets that we mine for actionable insights. We do this through leveraging our imaging, image analysis and advanced in vitro services that are based on a suite of proprietary software and cutting-edge research. As a company, we operate as a contract research organization and conduct contract research for the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. We are currently looking for a Scientist to join our team that will be responsible for the execution of research projects for our Clients and designing novel drug discovery assays. Specifically, we are looking for a Scientist who will lead complex in vitro assay services as well as developing novel cell based assays. This will be a unique opportunity to work side-by-side with our team of Scientists to develop novel drug discovery technologies for use with our pharmaceutical Clients. We are looking for a Scientist and are open to broad backgrounds within the imaging, cell culture and image analysis spaces. Specifically, we are looking for Scientists that have the following skills and background.
Great project management skills and the ability to manage several complex research projects simultaneously.
An ability to troubleshoot complex assays and develop novel solutions for problems.
Excellent presentations skills and the ability to communicate complex scientific findings with diverse audiences.
A thorough understanding and demonstrated track record of designing, implementing and reporting on assays to address specific research questions.
Substantial wet lab experience running and interpreting assay results.
BS + 5 years of experience, MS + 3 years of experience, PhD + 0-2 years of experience
The candidate should have a strong background in several of the below fields.
Fluorescent microscopy - confocal microscopy a plus.
Routine mammalian cell culture - 3D cell culture a plus.
Execution of in vitro assays.
Experience immunolabeling and optimizing fluorescent labeling.
Traditional histology - grossing, embedding, sectioning, staining.
Image analysis experience using ImageJ or other software tools.
Details: *
Position is located in Hampton, NJ

Compensation will be commensurate with experience

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year

Experience:
Confocal Microscopy: 1 year (Preferred)
Histology: 2 years (Preferred)
Cell culture: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday",-1,Visikol Inc.,"Hampton, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
311,Scientist - In Vitro Assays,-1,"At Visikol, our mission is to accelerate the discovery and development of therapeutics through transforming tissues into quantitative data sets that we mine for actionable insights. We do this through leveraging our imaging, image analysis and advanced in vitro services that are based on a suite of proprietary software and cutting-edge research. As a company, we operate as a contract research organization and conduct contract research for the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. We are currently looking for a Scientist to join our team that will be responsible for the execution of research projects for our Clients and designing novel drug discovery assays. Specifically, we are looking for a Scientist who will lead complex in vitro assay services as well as developing novel cell based assays. This will be a unique opportunity to work side-by-side with our team of Scientists to develop novel drug discovery technologies for use with our pharmaceutical Clients. We are looking for a Scientist and are open to broad backgrounds within the imaging, cell culture and image analysis spaces. Specifically, we are looking for Scientists that have the following skills and background.
Great project management skills and the ability to manage several complex research projects simultaneously.
An ability to troubleshoot complex assays and develop novel solutions for problems.
Excellent presentations skills and the ability to communicate complex scientific findings with diverse audiences.
A thorough understanding and demonstrated track record of designing, implementing and reporting on assays to address specific research questions.
Substantial wet lab experience running and interpreting assay results.
BS + 5 years of experience, MS + 3 years of experience, PhD + 0-2 years of experience
The candidate should have a strong background in several of the below fields.
Fluorescent microscopy - confocal microscopy a plus.
Routine mammalian cell culture - 3D cell culture a plus.
Execution of in vitro assays.
Experience immunolabeling and optimizing fluorescent labeling.
Traditional histology - grossing, embedding, sectioning, staining.
Image analysis experience using ImageJ or other software tools.
Details: *
Position is located in Hampton, NJ

Compensation will be commensurate with experience

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year

Experience:
Confocal Microscopy: 1 year (Preferred)
Histology: 2 years (Preferred)
Cell culture: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday",-1,Visikol Inc.,"Hampton, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
312,Scientist,"$46k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why Join Revenue Analytics?
Because you have exceptional talents and you want to be part of a fun and highly collaborative team that creates analytical products and solutions to eliminate the unknowns in business problems for world-renowned companies.

What's In It For You?
· Competitive base salary
· 100% paid healthcare including medical, dental, and vision coverage for our employees and their families
· 100% paid life insurance, long and short-term disability coverage for team members
· 401k plan with a generous match and is vested immediately
· Company issued cell phone or phone allowance
· 18 days PTO, 9 paid holidays, and unlimited sick time
· Gym membership reimbursement
· Flexible work arrangements
· Once again voted a Top Workplace in Atlanta in 2020!

Come help us execute the vision and roadmap for our product analytics and hey, while you’re at it…why not give our customers the confidence and trust that they’re making the best pricing decisions possible (all provided by your whip-smart data and analytics chops)?
A Day In the Life
You will develop and implement the predictive analytics models that form the backbone of our products, leveraging Revenue Analytics precedent and Atlas toolkits
Translate business needs and processes into modeling requirements
Do parameter tuning of forecast and/or optimization models to best fit a customer’s data
Deliver analysis and models results that meet key Quality Assurance standards (i.e., reasonability checks, error checks, etc.)
Communicate your analysis, models, and insights effectively in business language to customers and internal Team Members
Effectively explain to customers and prospects how the analytics in our products work and address customer questions about model recommendations
Complete analysis in a repeatable way that can be leveraged across multiple customers and situations
Keep up to speed with data science trends and news so that you can incorporate new methodologies and approaches as appropriate.
Who You Are
Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in Operations Research, Economics, Engineering, or another applied mathematics discipline and at least one year of experience applying research to Revenue or Yield Management issues
In lieu of a master's or the foreign equivalent degree and one year of stated experience, we will accept a Ph.D. or foreign equivalent degree in one of the above specified fields
Must also have experience solving business problems using statistics, machine learning or optimization; and using Python, R, or SQL analytical tools
Who We Are
A pioneer of Revenue Management, Revenue Analytics is an enterprise SaaS company that partners with hospitality, media, and passenger rail companies to solve their most complex pricing challenges. By leveraging powerful analytics and deep strategic experience, Revenue Analytics’ next-generation software delivers intuitive answers to help companies perfect their pricing, reclaim missed revenue, and take back their time. To learn more about how Revenue Analytics is recreating Revenue Management, visit revenueanalytics.com or follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.

Revenue Analytics embraces diversity and is an equal opportunity. We are committed to building a Team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.",4.1,"Revenue Analytics
4.1","Atlanta, GA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
313,Development Scientist,"$24k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Development Scientist
Location


SEATTLE - Bothell, WA

Company Order #

1775

Apply Now

AGC Biologics is a leading global Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization, with a deep commitment to improving life quality by bringing new biopharmaceuticals to market. Because of our dedication to building and empowering our internal teams, AGC Biologics is an innovative leader in the industry with an extensive network of cGMP facilities in the US, Europe and Asia. As such, we deliver a deep expertise, dynamic solutions and technologies, as well as customized services for the scale-up and cGMP manufacturing of protein-based therapeutics. We forge exceptionally strong partnerships with our clients, and we never lose sight of our pledge to deliver a reliable and compliant drug substance supply. Right. On time. For more information, visit www.agcbio.com.

SUMMARY:

The Development Scientist in the Upstream Process Development group will support the development, scale-up, and transfer of mammalian cell culture processes to GMP manufacturing for the production of recombinant therapeutic proteins

PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with clients and internal project teams in the successful completion of contract manufacturing projects.
Coordinate bench scale experiments leading up to clinical and commercial manufacturing.
Present data to project teams in verbal and written reports.
Take a leadership role within the department for developing and improving cell culture processes:
Develop, coordinate, and communicate experimental plans within the department
Execute and manage shake flask and bench scale bioreactor experiments
Manage large data sets and provide technical guidance to others in the analysis and interpretation of data
Write development protocols and characterization reports
Coordinate activities and experiments with project management, manufacturing, purification development, and analytical development
Provide technical support to manufacturing during large scale manufacturing campaigns
Contribute to the overall operation of the lab and infrastructure improvements
Provide technical support in the laboratory as necessary
Troubleshooting process control instrumentation
Implementation of new equipment and technology
Provide technical and strategic planning support to business development activities with respect to new client projects and new business initiatives.
Contribute to technology development—goal of increasing efficiency and productivity of manufacturing processes through cell culture media and process development
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES:
Demonstrated experience in a mammalian cell culture and bioreactor lab environment
Excellent technical writing and presentation skills
Previous supervisory, technical guidance and leadership experience
Entrepreneurial/business aptitude with interest in growing a contract manufacturing business
Good interpersonal relationship skills required for working with clients
Previous experience with process validation activities and knowledge of large scale manufacturing activities in a GMP environment
Experience with JMP or other statistical analysis tools would be beneficial
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
PhD (or equivalent experience) in life science or engineering with a minimum of 3-8 years of industrial experience in cell culture process development related to manufacturing biotherapeutics
AGC Biologics offers a highly competitive compensation package and a friendly, collaborative culture that values personal initiative and professional achievement. AGC Biologics is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.",3.3,"AGC Biologics
3.3","Bothell, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
314,Data Scientist,"$119k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","A Career with Point72’s MI Data team
At Point72 MI Data, our Data Scientists sift through petabytes of unstructured data from diverse sources to discover trends and insights that help Point72’s Portfolio Managers create new investment theses. We combine an experiment-based approach with the strongest possible management support and the freedom to innovate unencumbered by bureaucracy. We encourage our Data Scientists to imagine the impossible, and provide the structure to bring those ideas to market in months, not years.
What you’ll do
Our Data Scientists conduct research through data mining and statistical modeling to discover insights from Big Data that are used by our investment professionals to make investment decisions. You will have the opportunity to work in a highly collegial environment that emphasizes teaching and learning as a team. In this role, you will:
Tackle the challenges of featurizing and modeling large and unstructured data using machine learning and statistical techniques
Manage all aspects of the research and execution process including methodology selection, data collection and quality, modeling and analysis, and performance monitoring
Deliver research findings to investment teams, portfolio managers, and other internal clients
Work within a team to help drive technical innovation through a collaborative R&D process

What’s required
We look for candidates with extensive knowledge in machine learning, statistical models, and data mining tools, and a proven track record of working with large structured and unstructured data sets to extract timely, actionable insights. Other requirements include:
MS or PhD degree in a quantitative discipline
3+ years of industry working experience in a role that requires advanced statistical analysis
3+ years of hands-on working experience with varied and complex data sets
Strong programming skills in the following languages: SQL, Python (preferred), R, Scala, Spark
Ability to think creatively and see the big picture as well as finer details

We take care of our people
We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. We want you to concentrate on success and leave the rest to us. When you work here, we provide:
Fully-paid health care benefits
Generous parental and family leave policies
Mental and physical wellness programs
Tuition assistance
A 401(k) savings program with an employer match and more

About Point72
Point72 Asset Management is a global firm led by Steven Cohen that invests in multiple asset classes and strategies worldwide. Resting on more than a quarter-century of investing experience, we seek to be the industry’s premier asset manager through delivering superior risk-adjusted returns, adhering to the highest ethical standards, and offering the greatest opportunities to the industry’s brightest talent. We’re inventing the future of finance by revolutionizing how we develop our people and how we use data to shape our thinking.",3.8,"Point72
3.8","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
315,Senior Data Scientist,"$123k-$151k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

ENERGY FOR WHATS AHEAD

Are you looking to make a difference in your career? Were working on smarter grids, cleaner energy and tools to help people manage energy more efficiently.

About Transmission and Distribution

Southern California Edisons (SCE's) Transmission and Distribution Organizational Unit (T & D) is responsible for planning, engineering, constructing, operating, and maintaining transmission and distribution facilities throughout the 50,000-square-mile territory. T&D is the steward of roughly $19 billion in assets that safely and reliably deliver electricity to 14 million residents via SCEs 5 million customer accounts.

Position Overview

The Senior Data Scientist Advisor is responsible for leading the modeling of complex analytical problems, discovering insights, and identifying opportunities using statistical, algorithmic, mining, and visualization techniques. In addition to advanced analytical skills, the senior advisor will be responsible for developing business requirements and coordinating with groups in and outside of the Transmission and Distribution group. You will be responsible for developing, presenting, and communicating results. You will also be responsible for leading and mentoring other Data Scientists.

Typical Responsibilities:
Lead data scientists on developing models that meet or exceed business requirements.
Generate advanced analytical approaches using predictive modeling, optimization and simulation abilities.
Apply statistical and pattern recognition techniques to perform description, prediction, and optimization.
Develop and implement tools for data acquisition, extraction, transformation, management, and manipulation of large and complex data sets. Explore, model, mine, and experiment with data to answer critical business issues. And, generate and communicate business insights.
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelors in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informatics.
Five or more years of experience in Predictive Modeling or Machine Learning or Statistical Modeling or Data Mining.
Proficient with R and Python.
Desired Qualifications
MS or PhD in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informatics.
Experience in leading and mentoring junior team members and guiding them on data science and advanced analytics (machine learning, predictive analytics) development.
In-depth industry/business knowledge in Electric Utility industry.
Proficiency with SQL and/or SAS.
Strong Leadership skills and experience.
Comments
Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work directly as employees for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship.
Relocation may apply to this position.
Southern California Edison, an Edison International (NYSE:EIX) company, serves a population of approximately 15 million via 5 million customer accounts in a 50,000-square-mile service area within Central, Coastal and Southern California. Join the utility leader that is safely delivering reliable, affordable electricity to our customers for over 125 years.

SCE is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected status.

#L1-EA1",4.0,"Southern California Edison
4.0","Pomona, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1879,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$10+ billion (USD),-1
316,Polymer Characterization Scientist,"$18k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","A trusted partner at nearly three million commercial customer locations, Ecolab (ECL) is the global leader in water, hygiene and infection prevention solutions and services. With annual sales of $13 billion and more than 45,000 associates, Ecolab delivers comprehensive solutions, data-driven insights and personalized service to advance food safety, maintain clean and safe environments, optimize water and energy use, and improve operational efficiencies and sustainability for customers in the food, healthcare, hospitality and industrial markets in more than 170 countries around the world.

Ecolab is seeking a Polymer Characterization Scientist to develop and advance technical platforms satisfying both business and customer needs. In this role, you will be responsible for performing and leading research, development and problem-solving projects to enable new product and platform development. You will work closely with anchor and divisional RD&E teams to design, execute and communicate results. We are seeking candidates who have strong collaboration and teamwork skills, are self-motivated, have good communication skills, are creative problem solvers, and possess strong observation and perception skills.

Whats in it For You:
The opportunity to take on some of the worlds most meaningful challenges, helping customers achieve clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments
The ability to make an impact and shape your career with a company that is passionate about growth
The support of an organization that believes it is vital to include and engage diverse people, perspectives and ideas to achieve our best
What You Will Do:
Develop and transfer phase 0-1 chemistry and formulation concepts
Collaborate with anchor and divisional research scientists/RD&E leaders on new development projects and platforms
Conduct synthetic polymer characterizations through, for example, molecular weight measurements using Size Exclusion Chromatography-Multi Angle Light Scattering (SEC-MALS) techniques
Develop organic and aqueous phase SEC methods
Perform Thermogravimetric Analysis (TGA) and Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC) analysis of products and product blends
Collaborate with other researchers to design and ultimately provide the most complete product analysis
Actively engage in development of new platforms that meet strategic business needs
Interpret experimental data and communicate results clearly to peers and project teams in written reports and oral presentations
Provide consulting on experimental design, mentoring, and work direction for junior lab scientists
Maintain employee safety standards, including 6S lab standards
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Chemistry or related discipline and 5 years of R&D experience; Masters Degree and 3 years of R&D experience; or Ph.D. and 1 year of R&D experience
Experience working with fundamental physical/chemical properties and structural activity relationships
Experience conducting synthetic polymer characterizations through, for example, molecular weight measurements using Size Exclusion Chromatography-Multi Angle Light Scattering (SEC-MALS) techniques
Experience developing organic and aqueous phase SEC methods
Experience performing Thermogravimetric Analysis (TGA), Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC), and rheological analysis of products and product blends
Preferred Qualifications:
Method development experience with water soluble polymer characterization techniques like SEC/GPC, SEC-MALS and viscometry
Demonstrated record of applying polymer characterization techniques to a wide variety of problems
Fundamental understanding of polymerization processes and formulation
Working knowledge of statistics
Strong problem-solving skills
Strong oral and written communication skills
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At Ecolab, we believe the best teams are diverse and inclusive, and we are on a journey to create a workplace where every associate can grow and achieve their best. We are committed to fair and equal treatment of associates and applicants. We recruit, hire, promote, transfer and provide opportunities for advancement on the basis of individual qualifications and job performance. In all matters affecting employment, compensation, benefits, working conditions, and opportunities for advancement, we will not discriminate against any associate or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expressions, genetic information, marital status, age, disability, or status as a covered veteran.

In addition, we are committed to furthering the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) through Affirmative Action (AA). Our goal is to fully utilize minority, female, disabled and covered veteran individuals at all levels of the workforce. Ecolab is a place where you can grow your career, own your future and impact what matters.

We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.",3.7,"Ecolab
3.7","Naperville, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1923,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
317,Data Scientist,"$112k-$133k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Entefy’s Senior Data Scientist is a highly visible position both internally and externally. Join the intelligence revolution, where we can push the state-of-the-art boundaries of data science. This is where deep experience and multi-dimensional insights intersect with an amazing opportunity to shape the future of productivity for people everywhere.

Skills and Experience:

We’re not looking for “good.” Entefy is on a mission to find exceptional talent. The success of our mission depends on our team’s ability to be creatively analytical, insatiably curious, and absolutely fearless in tackling big challenges.
Requirements
Master's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, or a compatible field. PhD is preferred.
3+ years of applicable work experience.
Demonstrable proficiency in Python, Scala, SQL, or R.
Strong data visualization and reporting skills.
Proven track record delivering high-value, advanced analytics.
Experience leading the work of other data scientists or analysts is preferred.
World-class ability to extract and communicate insights from real-world datasets.
Startup agility and versatility.
Visit www.entefy.com and www.blog.entefy.com.",4.3,"Entefy
4.3","Palo Alto, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
318,Intern - Data Scientist - Summer,"$68k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Lumen’s internship program is a 10 week, fast-paced and exciting opportunity to gain professional experience within your field of study and career interest. Intern would report into the Sales Operations strategy and data analytics organization. This team provides strategic and operational support to Sales, Sales Ops, and Offer management and drives repeatability, predictability and scalability across the business. Team responsibilities include Sales planning & GTM architecture, Sales intelligence, Sales coverage strategy & governance, analytics/insights and measurement & reporting. Interns will be part of an accelerated learning experience, to challenge skills learned in the classroom and develop new skills while working on active Lumen work projects. The internship will take place in Broomfield, CO and start on June 1, 2021. In addition, interns will connect to our company culture through community outreach projects, engage with our employee resource groups and be able to develop their professional skills and business acumen through frequent exposure to senior leadership, cutting-edge technology, groundbreaking projects, and a network of mentors and fellow interns. Come Intern with us and create the beginnings of a career right for YOU!

Job Description

Looking for data scientist major to work on advanced data analytics and data models relating to annual planning process segmentation, quarterly propensity data models and impact analysis.
Intern would provide expertise in analyzing and visualizing large, complex, and unique data sets, provide new insights that will drive business decisions and then deploy analytics solutions to existing (or new) data models.
Deploying analytics solutions in a continuous integration environment incorporating version control, build servers, and test servers.
Designing and implementing programs and automation to collect, mash up, process and analyze distributed real-world data.

Data Scientist Major
Very strong in mathematical and statistics
Experienced in writing formulas, expressions and algorithms as needed to support analytical work.
Understands how to explore unstructured data to gain insights and build models to produce results
Experience with statistical and machine learning algorithms for predictive modeling
SQL skills and experience with relational databases
Familiarity with BI reporting tools (such as Tableau, Qlik Sense, Power BI)
Programming experience with analytics platforms, such as: R, Python, SAS, Scala, Java, SageMaker, H20.ai, Google ML, Perl, Mathematica or C++.
Experience with non-relational databases

Qualifications
Minimum Cumulative GPA: 3.0 or higher (preferred)
Enrolled at a 4-year accredited college or university, in a rising junior, rising senior, or masters level status at time of internship.
Graduating between August 2021 – May 2023
Education/Degree: In pursuit of a bachelor’s level degree in business, accounting or finance in a senior level status at the start of the internship. Master’s Degree preferred.
Strong sense of urgency and ability to meet deadlines
Ability to demonstrate ownership and accountability
Ability to collaborate and have agility while making effective decisions
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Flexible and adapts well to change
Professional appearance and attitude
Intern is responsible for their travel to/from work location
Must be available to work 30 – 40 hours, during the specified 10-week timeframe
US work authorization is required

Requisition #: 233041

EEO Statement
We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, “protected statuses”). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer
The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.",3.1,"Lumen
3.1","Broomfield, CO",-1,10000+ Employees,1930,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
319,Sr. Data Scientist,"$135k-$165k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who is Trace3?

Trace3 is a leading Transformative IT Authority, providing unique technology solutions and consulting services to our clients. Equipped with elite engineering and dynamic innovation, we empower IT executives and their organizations to achieve competitive advantage through a process of Integrate, Automate, Innovate.

Our culture at Trace3 embodies the spirit of a startup with the advantage of a scalable business. Employees can grow their career and have fun while doing it!

Trace3 is headquartered in Irvine, California. We employ more than 850 people all over the United States. Our major field office locations include Atlanta, Denver, Detroit, Indianapolis, Grand Rapids, Lexington, Los Angeles, Louisville, San Diego, San Francisco, and Scottsdale.

Ready to discover the possibilities that live in technology?

Come Join Us!

Street-Smart - Thriving in Dynamic Times

We are flexible and resilient in a fast-changing environment. We continuously innovate and drive constructive change while keeping a focus on the ""big picture."" We exercise sound business judgment in making high-quality decisions in a timely and cost-effective manner. We are highly creative and can dig deep within ourselves to find positive solutions to different problems.

Juice - The ""Stuff"" it takes to be a Needle Mover

We get things done and drive results. We lead without a title, empowering others through a can-do attitude. We look forward to the goal, mentally mapping out every checkpoint on the pathway to success, and visualizing what the final destination looks and feels like.

Teamwork - Humble, Hungry and Smart

We are humble individuals who understand how our job impacts the company's mission. We treat others with respect, admit mistakes, give credit where it's due and demonstrate transparency. We ""bring the weather"" by exhibiting positive leadership and solution-focused thinking. We hug people in their trials, struggles, and failures – not just their success. We appreciate the individuality of the people around us.

About the Role: Do you enjoy solving computer vision problems such as optical character recognition, object detection and recognition and image classification? Text and document classification using natural-language processing tools, or predicitve analytics applied to time series? Do you love learning and trying out new state of the art machine learning and deep learning algorithms? Are you passionate in building computer AI solutions and applications?

At Trace3, you will work on problems for our enterprise clients. You will design and build AI products that will impact some of the largest companies in the country. You will be able to learn from fellow deep learning and machine learning engineers and data scientists, and follow and share cutting-edge research. You will research and POC some of the coolest technologies available and will have access to a pipeline of up-and-coming technologies made available through Trace3's VC relationships.

The Senior Data Scientist needs to be self-motivated, self-directing, adaptable and comfortable working in less-structured environments. The ideal candidate should be looking for an opportunity to help client transform their business using ML/DL/AI. Candidates will need experience in working on and leading large complex data science and business transformation projects. There is an opportunity for the candidate to eventually move into a leadership and management position as the Data Science team grows. Approximately 30-50% travel is required.

What You'll Do:
Perform project tasks independently, and may direct the efforts of others
Lead analytical effort for client engagements
Develop analytical skills and act an advisor for junior staff and external partners
Provide quantitative and business analytic skills to develop and implement solutions across several industry verticals, specifically financial, industrial and manufacturing, healthcare life sciences, consumer product & retail, telecom.
Define the key business problems to be solved and formulate mathematical approaches to solve those given problems
Form and maintain trusted relationships with clients and be the 'go-to' contact point for projects
Participate in and/or lead the development of deliverable content that meets the needs of the client and contract
Anticipate client needs and formulate solutions to client issues
Review deliverables for accuracy and quality
Contribute to new business proposals and proposal development
Manages own personal and professional development; seeks opportunities for professional growth and expansion of consulting skills and experiences
Qualifications & Interests:
8+ years relevant experience with a proven track record of leveraging analytics and large amounts of data to drive significant business impact.
Understanding of state of the art deep learning techniques
Solid understanding of CNN, RNN, supervised and unsupervised learning, optimization techniques
Experience with one or more deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Deeplearning4j, Keras, PyTorch, etc.
Proficiency in at least one higher-level programming language such as Java, Scala, Python, C++, R, etc.
A focus on computer vision and/or machine learning and with Natural Language Processing (NLP) would be a plus.
PhD in Machine Learning, Statistics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Engineering, Mathematics or related field would be a plus
Proficient at translating unstructured business problems into an abstract mathematical framework.
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of business partners.
Self-starter with a passion for your work and attention to detail.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Humble with a team-first attitude.
The Perks:
Comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for you and your dependents
401(k) Retirement Plan with Employer Match, 529 College Savings Plan, Health Savings Account, Life Insurance, and Long-Term Disability
Competitive Compensation
Training and development programs
Stocked kitchen with snacks and beverages
Collaborative and cool office culture
Work-life balance and generous paid time off
***To all recruitment agencies: Trace3 does not accept unsolicited agency resumes/CVs. Please do not forward resumes/CVs to our careers email addresses, Trace3 employees or any other company location. Trace3 is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/CVs.",3.5,"Trace3
3.5","Irvine, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
320,Advanced Computer Scientist,-1,"Advanced Computer Scientist

NSBU | Melbourne, FL, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a candidate that has a detailed software and computer skillset but is interested in advanced signal processing applications.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the Advanced Computer Scientist position?

Candidate will be responsible for developing within a heterogeneous software environment containing code in Python, MATLAB, C/C++ and Java. A strong CS background is needed and experience in cloud computing and machine learning are very desirable. Good communication skills, with ability to interact with remote co-workers and customers are required. Looking for people able to find creative and cutting-edge solutions for customer issues.

What required background will make you successful?
Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or other equivalent field of discipline
Master’s degree and 5+ years applied and relevant experience or Bachelor’s degree and 7+ years’ experience
Demonstrated capability in scientific programming of high-level language such as C/C++on Unix/Linux platforms
Working knowledge of high level interpreted languages such as PYTHON and/or MATLAB
Experience with interfacing extensive C/C++ libraries within interpreted languages.
Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Melbourne, FL office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.",4.1,"Rincon Research Corporation
4.1","Melbourne, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
321,PhD Principal Scientist / Lab Head Immuno Oncology,-1,"1 purpose...to reimagine medicine! This is an exciting opportunity to join the Immuno Modulation group within Novartis Exploratory Immuno-Oncology. We are dedicated to discovering innovative cancer therapeutics and therapeutic formats that transform patient’s lives. The successful candidate will become a key individual contributor in a dynamic, multidisciplinary discovery team interrogating a number of novel immuno-oncology targets. The candidate will be expected to generate data that increases our biological understanding of emerging cancer targets. The high-quality data generated will directly impact the discovery of therapies and contribute to the design of future clinical trials. This position will therefore be ideal for those candidates wishing to combine their interest in immunobiology of cancer with their strong desire to discover and help develop therapeutic approaches.

We are seeking a highly motivated and innovative PhD-level research investigator with demonstrated expertise in cancer immunology or immunology and a strong publication record to join a dynamic team dedicated to the discovery and development of novel cell therapies for cancer. In particular, this position will focus on the investigation of novel pathways with the goal of validation for cancer therapy. The successful candidate is expected to have the ability to lead the discovery, direction, and productivity of a cancer immunology laboratory. The ideal candidate will also be expected to continue their work at the bench. They will develop and employ cell-based assays to validate the function of candidate targets using a variety of approaches with a focus on immunological applications. As a lead scientist, you will be responsible for pathway validation, selection and characterization of candidates and help define the clinical utility of your projects. You will also have the opportunity to supervise and develop BS/MS level scientists. This position requires excellent organizational skills, creativity, enthusiasm and the ability to work in a highly collaborative environment.

Minimum Requirements
Immuno Modulation lab head Qualifications:
•Ph.D. cancer immunology or related field
•Minimum 2-5 years of post-doctoral experience in cancer and/or immunology research
•Extensive experience in T/myeloid cell biology, primary cell culture, immune cell assay techniques and/or in vivo immune models highly desirable
•Expertise in lentiviral approaches and advanced molecular cloning skills including CRISPR/Cas9 gene editing is a plus
•Independent, self-motivated and track record of innovation
•Excellent written and oral communication skills

Why consider Novartis?
799 million. That’s how many lives our products touched in 2019. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?

We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.

Imagine what you could do at Novartis!

The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
322,Data Scientist,"$94k-$154k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Tinder brings people together. With tens of millions of users and a presence in every country on earth, our reach is expansive and rapidly growing. Tinder’s Analytics Team is looking for a Data Scientist with expertise in Analytics.

Our analytics team takes ownership of the decisions being made from our data – we develop a deep understanding of both the business and its data and establish close working relationships with all teams - including Product, Marketing, Engineering, and Finance – so that we can provide recommendations and make proposals regarding prioritization of initiatives, product launches, A/B tests, and company performance.

As a data scientist in this role, you will be a partner to the Analytics team, providing support for A/B test design and analysis as well as data-driven insights through ad-hoc analyses, presentations, and automated reports and dashboards. This role will require extensive experience with SQL, data wrangling, statistics, and A/B testing as well as the ability to work in cross-functional teams to drive actionable insights. Experience with user growth and acquisition across consumer products is a plus.

Responsibilities:

Master and own the analytical understanding of customer behavior and business performance
Build models to better understand the value and churn behavior of our users
Find the “story” in the data and communicate insights and opportunities with executive and other internal teams
Perform ongoing ad-hoc analyses to evaluate the efficiency of our marketing spend, building reporting infrastructure, and assisting in making budgeting recommendations to optimize growth
Integrate captured event data with other sources of customer data, such as surveys, ad publishers and app store data
Support reporting and business intelligence needs of the entire Marketing team

Skills Required:

3+ years of relevant experience
Ability to think objectively and interpret meaningful themes from quantitative and qualitative data
Ability to build constructive and effective relationships with a broad and diverse group of business partners
Ability to execute on complex analytics projects where you have to determine salient questions in a complex ecosystem and present action-oriented conclusions
Proficiency with SQL required
Scripting skills, preferably in Python. Strong Python/NumPy/PANDAS skills a plus
Knowledge of statistics, specifically experimental design and analysis
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint
Familiarity with common KPIs, metrics, and growth experiments
As part of our team, you’ll enjoy:

· The hustle of a startup with the impact of a global business
· Tremendous opportunity to seek some of the industry’s most exciting problems
· Working with an outstanding team of creative, fun and highly motivated people
· Comprehensive health coverage, competitive salary, and 401(k) match

At Tinder, we don’t just accept difference — we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our community. Tinder is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.9,"Tinder
3.9","Los Angeles, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
323,Workday Data Consultant,"$56k-$107k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Collaborative Solutions is a leading global Finance and HR Transformation consultancy that leverages world-class cloud solutions to help deliver successful outcomes for its customers. As one of the longest-tenured consulting partners with Workday, Collaborative Solutions has a 98% customer satisfaction rate and has executed over 325 Workday Financial Management, Human Resources, and Payroll deployments for global Fortune 500 companies, medium-sized businesses, and education and government institutions.

Collaborative Solutions is seeking a Data Consultant experienced in Human Capital Management. As a Data Consultant at Collaborative you will guide clients through the transformation, implementation and operation phases of a Workday implementation.

Responsibilities:
Become a Workday HCM product expert with knowledge of design, configuration, testing, and implementation.
Design and generate data tracking and monitoring tools, and develop reports with accurate, easy to read, useful information
Utilize your technical aptitude to convert and map data sources into data conversion templates via iLoads.
Guide clients through the data extract and cleansing process, including iLoading customer data, moving configuration from tenant to tenant, and configuring business processes and security.
Create ETL scripts to transform and load data, and create strategies to improve and normalize client data
Lead the validation of data loaded into Workday
Regularly engage and support the client through all phases of the project, ensuring a smooth transfer from legacy systems to the Workday HCM solution.
Perform multiple tasks under limited direction, while regularly keeping the client, your project team and your Engagement Manager abreast of changes or progress related to the project.
Act as a mentor to fellow consultants and analysts, including providing support for shadow assignments.
Actively participate in update training and internal opportunities to share one’s skills and learnings with others within the organization.
Skills & Requirements:
Ideally, 2-5 years of PeopleSoft (or other ERP) Data Conversion or HCM implementation experience
Workday experience a plus
Experience with data conversion, data mining, and data loading
Advanced experience of Excel, some VB is also preferred
Ability to travel up to 25%
For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser.",3.5,"Collaborative Solutions
3.5","Reston, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
324,Data Scientist/ Data Automation Engineer,"$110k-$178k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JSR is a global leader in material sciences and chemical engineering committed to contributing to social good by supplying materials to serve future generations and providing new value today for our customers and society in the areas of digital solutions, life sciences, elastomers, and next generation solutions.
We value Innovation, Quality, Customers, and People!  JSR combines a deep Japanese heritage of materials innovation, with speed propelled by our strong customer partnerships with premier tech & life sciences companies.  Are you interested in taking JSR and your career to the next stage?
The Opportunity
The role of the successful candidate is to accelerate the technology and product development cycles through focused automation initiatives. This engineer will lead cross functional teams to develop tools and applications to manage data from multiple chemical manufacturing sites as well as quality and development data to enable proactive process management and system troubleshooting.
Collaborates with the Manufacturing teams and Digital Transformation Office to develop product roadmaps in the digital space.
Works closely with technology development, product design teams and IT teams to rapidly establish the data science infrastructure necessary to meet the above goals
Communication of project updates including status, needs, and risks throughout the management chain.
Establish Way-of-Working guidelines and deliver communication and training sessions to ensure seamless implementation of the automation framework.
About You
7+ years plus B.S. or 5+ years with M.S. desired
B.S. degree in Engineering, Data Science, Material Science, or equivalent. M.S. a plus
Experience in chemical processing, organic chemistry, and analytical chemistry a plus
Proficiency and experience with Solution Focused Thinking - evaluating current problem patterns and devising a workable plan/process/solution
Experience working in an Agile environment.
Excellent data analysis proficiency required. Ability to do data manipulation via basic scripting techniques, macros or programming languages (i.e., Python) is preferred.
Knowledge of chemical processes and basic chemical structures, reactions and interactions needed to tie data into current troubleshooting or experimental work.
Proficiency and experience with Statistical Process Control (SPC) needed.
Strong computer skills essential – JMP, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, database and statistical software experience highly desired.
Detail-oriented and strong organizational skills. Quick problem-solving skills, able to communicate in-depth to customers, internal and external.
Experience in working within a cross-functional team is necessary.
Here's More of What You'll Be Doing
Work safely by observing safety rules, policies and procedures. Identify unsafe conditions or actions to the immediate supervisor.
Perform analyses and report results with minimal supervision.
Identify and execute improvements to existing quality procedures for data analytics, following guidelines on accuracy and validation
Act as Product Owner for development of digital solutions that assist in more efficient and effective issue resolution.
Do deep, wide and detailed data analysis using existing across a variety of platforms (databases, LIMS, other operational flows).
Work on and resolve various issues with data sets, including standardization of values, units and naming conventions, as well as bigger problems with current calculation methods and any underlying assumptions behind the calculations.
Initiate and perform a variety of analyses and recommend statistically designed experiments to address customer issues with general instructions.
Maintain and verify reliability of calculation methods, language or programming behind current macros or other scripts for data analysis.
Create reports and group presentations using Excel, Access, JMP and PowerPoint, to communicate data to other teams – Production, Quality Control, R&D, Sales and Management.
Independently design experiments using statistical methods (Does) towards developing and optimizing new test methods for products and raw materials and facilitate the implementation of these procedures by educating and assisting other members of the Data Automation Team.
Work in a team environment, especially the cross-departmental Data Automation Team (Cleans Engineering, Quality Control, Production, Litho Engineering, Sales, Logistics and Materials).
Make suggestions to management for improving this position or improving work processes

JSR is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.
**Recruitment agencies/Headhunter do not submit resumes/CVs through our Web site or directly to managers. JSR will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with JSR. JSR do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. **",3.8,"JSR Micro
3.8","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
325,Senior EO/IR Signal Processing/Discrimination Modeling Engineer,-1,"Job title: Senior EO/IR Signal Processing/Discrimination Modeling Engineer
Job type: Permanent
Emp type: Full-time
Salary type:
Annual
Salary:
Negotiable
Location: Huntsville, AL.
Job published: 09/28/2020
Job ID: 32284
Contact name: Bo Ryals
Phone number: 256.217.4711

Job Description


Decisive intelligence, Inc. is seeking a Senior EO/IR Signal Processing/Discrimination Modeling Engineer to join a new 10 year contract supporting a GMD simulation program.
Senior EO/IR Signal Processing/Discrimination Modeling Engineer

Security Clearance: Active DoD SECRET clearance required

Job Description & Position Responsibilities:

Support a focused development team to build a high-fidelity Ground-based Midcourse Defense interceptor 6DOF simulation. Development will take place in an Agile Scrum environment and will make product releases using a phased capability approach. The team will start with an existing government owned interceptor simulation and improve/enhance. In addition, the simulation will be integrated into an existing simulation architecture to enable easy execution and 3D display and analysis. This position would focus on the interceptor endgame EO/IR signal processing and discrimination algorithm development.

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, physics or mathematics
10+ years of experience
General 6DOF interceptor aerospace modeling experience for both kill vehicle and booster
EO/IR interceptor endgame signal processing and discrimination algorithm development experience
Missile defense / hit-to-kill interceptor program experience
C/C++ or FORTRAN programming language
Preferred Qualifications:
EO/IR interceptor seeker modeling experience
Interceptor GN&C modeling experience
Agile development process experience
Risk Management Framework (RMF) and software cyber security controls experience
Software configuration management or automated testing experience
#GDHP",5.0,"Decisive Intel
5.0","Huntsville, AL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
326,Data Scientist (Federal),"$88k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai

C3.ai is looking for a Data Scientist (Federal) to solve challenging, novel, and large-scale enterprise problems for Federal clients. In this capacity you will represent C3.ai as a technical expert and help our team to frame problems, choose appropriate machine learning algorithms, and identify opportunities to leverage the C3.ai Suite.

Recent examples of successful engagements include predictive maintenance on oil and gas equipment and aircraft subsystems, supply chain optimization, manufacturing yield optimization, chronic disease prevention, customer spend prediction, and equipment lifetime optimization.

Qualified candidates will have an in-depth knowledge of most common machine learning techniques and their application. You will also understand the limitations of these algorithms and how to tweak them or derive from them to achieve results at large-scale.

This role requires US Citizenship or US Permanent Residence.

Your Responsibilities:
Become an expert in the C3.ai Suite and associated tools to teach, enable, and assist C3.ai customers to build their own applications.
Design and deploy machine learning pipelines for C3.ai's federal customers.
Collaborate with data and subject matter experts from C3.ai and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements.
Requirements:
US Citizenship or US Permanent Resident
Bachelor's degree
Strong understanding of machine learning algorithms & principles (regression analysis, time series, probabilistic models, supervised classification and unsupervised learning), and their application
Strong background in mathematics, statistics, and computer science
Excellent programming skills in Python
Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team
Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference
Excellent verbal and written communication
Preferred
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields. Specialization in machine learning preferred.
Active Department of Defense (DoD) security clearance (Secret or higher)
Excellent programming skills in JavaScript. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus.
Experience with deep learning, natural language processing, computer vision, or reinforcement learning
A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.)
C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits.

C3.ai is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.",4.5,"C3.ai
4.5","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
327,"Risk Specialist, Data Science - Suptech","$121k-$192k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

Financial Institution Supervision and Credit (FISC) at the Federal Reserve
Bank of San Francisco supervises financial institutions, and service providers
to financial institutions, in the 12th Federal Reserve District. Our mission is
to ensure a safe, sound, and accessible financial system. The Suptech (ST) Team
within the Risk, Policy, and Analysis Group directly supports FISC’s strategic
objective of deepening our knowledge of, and thought leadership in, the
utilization of new and evolving technologies in our supervisory programs and
examination processes. This cross-disciplinary team of developers and/or data
scientists collaborates with colleagues throughout FISC to identify product
development opportunities, design solutions, and facilitate their implementation.
ST additionally has education, outreach
and advocacy responsibilities on the use of technology in supervision.

Job Summary

The Risk Specialist, Data Science for Suptech plays an essential role in
supporting FISC’s supervision objectives and functions. We are looking for a
subject matter expert with data science expertise to support assessment and
monitoring of risk at supervised institutions.
You will lead or provide critical input to the identification,
prioritization, and development of applied data science opportunities across
FISC, with a focus on the Regional, Community and Foreign Examinations Group.
Additionally, you will work closely with multiple stakeholders throughout the
Bank to support the overall Mission, and to deliver on FISC’s vision for
developing and implementing innovative solutions, powered by data and machine
learning and integral to the risk assessment, supervisory program, and
examination processes.

Key
responsibilities include:
Develop or build
upon already existing expertise around machine learning applications, as well
as supervisory examination, risk assessment, and risk monitoring processes, to
help lead developing methods for applying data mining, NLP, and machine
learning to improve the Division’s analytical and supervisory capabilities.
Collect and
direct, perform, or support analysis of data to generate and test working hypotheses,
conduct thorough assessments, and draw actionable recommendations to be used by
examination team(s) and a broader Reserve Bank audience.
Direct and/or build
data ingestion processes to prepare, extract, and enrich a variety of both
structured and unstructured data sources such as news, internal/external
documents, external financial information, and confidential supervisory
information.
Develop, document
& maintain statistical, financial and/or econometric models to analyze
capital, asset quality, earnings, liquidity risk exposure, or other
sophisticated concepts, including non-financial risk, at banking institutions.
Direct, or provide
analytical support to, the development of innovative solutions leveraging
emerging technologies to address evolving needs of supervision and examination
management and staff, with a particular focus on identifying, measuring,
monitoring, and mitigating existing risk and emerging risk concerns, or improving
efficiencies in supervisory program or examination processes.
Collaborate with
business partners across FRBSF and FISC to prioritize requirements in the risk,
supervision and data science domains.
Position Requirements
Bachelor's
and Master's Degree preferably in Business/Finance or an analytical field such
as Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science with a minimum of 3+
years of related experience to include:
3+ years of
experience in a data science/modeler role specifically focused on risk, banking
supervision, and/or financial regulation.
2+ years of
experience in working at financial regulatory institutions with large datasets
to build models and algorithms with open source technologies as part
supervisory and/or risk assessment processes.
Established
ability to work with large structured and unstructured financial data sets and
have the required statistical skills to analyze and prepare them for modeling
and algorithm development.
Knowledge of
the banking industry and related supervision and regulation framework
Proficiency
and applied experience in quantitative risk modeling, including the use of
modeling software.
Ability to
analyze and interpret quantitative financial information, including but not
limited to balance sheet data and market data.
Strong
statistical modelling and programming skills in R or Python
Proficiency
in SQL – able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets.
Comfortable
working in a loosely structured organization on a tight schedule.
Strong
written and verbal communication and presentation skills including ability to
effectively share results with both technical and non-technical audiences
Experience
with data visualization packages (e.g. ggplot2, plotly); experience building
interactive dashboards and apps (e.g. Shiny) is a plus but not required.
Familiarity
with model development lifecycle, and in particular model validation processes
(e.g. SR 11-7).
We are looking for candidates
that exhibit these behavioral competencies: analytical thinking, innovation,
communication for results, flexibility, initiative, collaboration, and risk
management.

The Federal Reserve Bank of
San Francisco believes in the diversity of our people, ideas, and experiences
and are committed to building an inclusive culture that is representative of
the communities we serve.

We will ensure that
individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to
participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential
job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.

The Federal Reserve Bank of
San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",3.6,"Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1913,Government,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
328,Senior Data Scientist,-1,"Senior Data Scientist
Location/City: Any US location (offices in Atlanta, GA and Playa Vista, CA)

Responsibilities
We are looking for a sharp, highly-motivated Senior Data Scientist to join our team. This is a high-impact role that will leverage data & analytics to derive insights from our Members’ data and make recommendations to help improve their financial wellbeing. You will collaborate with product, and engineering as well as executive stakeholders to create analytical solutions to help achieve business goals. An ideal candidate is an individual who has a deep background in statistics, analysis, experiment design, and can bring those skills to bear in a start-up environment. A strong understanding and hands-on ability with data science technology and infrastructure is important as well.
As the Senior Data Scientist, you will:
Work with large volumes of bank transactions to create proprietary intelligence about the nature of employment and earnings for our Members
Help build out our job recommendation engine to aid our Members in finding new or additional work to increase their income
Help drive a data-first culture where data is understood and leveraged in decision making
Collaborate with the data science team and CDO to define the technical strategy for Steady’s data science ecosystem
Develop and codify processes and best practices for modeling, testing, and analytics
Effectively balance short term delivery with long term direction and value
Advocate for data science innovation and increased contribution to Steady’s mission

Skills & Requirements
Advanced degree and relevant experience (MS + 5 years, PhD + 3 years) in statistics, mathematics, computer science, or similar field
Demonstrated experience creating production ML pipelines (training, scoring, leveraging in real-time systems)
Expert knowledge of modern machine learning algorithms (regression, classification, random forests, clustering, optimization, etc.) and statistical inference
Experience with bank or credit card transaction data preferred
Experience with NLP and textual data analysis is a plus
Demonstrated experience of efficient manipulation and storage of large datasets
Hands on experience and expertise with SQL, Spark, Python (preferred) or R
Experience with machine learning platforms Sagemaker/Databricks a plus
Strong data visualization skills (experience with Tableau preferred)
Familiarity and experience with the AWS data ecosystem (S3, AWS Glue, EMR, etc.)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of the organization
Comfortable working with distributed teams across multiple offices and timezones
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, high-energy environment


Benefits
We value our Steady Team Members and are committed to their success. We are located in downtown Atlanta near MARTA, as well as in Playa Vista CA. We offer competitive compensation packages and a 100% company-paid benefits package including medical, dental, and vision. Steady is a relaxed, casual work environment with flexible hours and lunch provided once weekly in addition to a weekly meal stipend. We also offer a generous PTO plan, 401K, and future growth opportunities within the company. We strive to maintain a positive and fun environment for our employees where people can learn and grow with the company.
About Steady
Steady is a mission-driven business that helps people earn more. Through the free Steady app users can build & track income, networks, and buying power – allowing them to augment retirement savings, work around childcare responsibilities, pay down debt, save for purchases, and supplement their income from primary employers, while limiting their income volatility and better positioning themselves for access to a sustainable financial services ecosystem.
Every Steady member will build something different. We celebrate those who take the initiative to create a path that works for them. Whatever that looks like, Steady is there to support it, providing a stable foundation that allows people to build financial success over a lifetime.

Mission: Steady turns the tables by putting workers back in charge of their financial future with an income-building platform that creates financial stability and helps its users to take charge of their future.

For more information, visit us at www.steadyapp.com or on Twitter @TheSteadyApp.

Steady, Platform Inc. (Steady) is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer – All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual’s age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Steady accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Steady employees, Steady hiring manager, or send to any Steady facility. Steady is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.",4.0,"Steady
4.0","Los Angeles, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
329,Sr. Scientist,"$52k-$119k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description:

JOB SUMMARY

Contribute to the overall success of GRAM’s analytical operations on behalf of our customers through contributing to an efficient Analytical Chemistry group in order to develop and transfer drugs into the GRAM facility. This role is responsible to create and oversee various studies including troubleshooting and problem solving for customer products. The individual will develop, transfer and validate analytical methods to support clinical and commercial manufacturing of sterile drug products.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Provide expertise in chromatography and spectrometry.
Solve complex analytical problems as well as recommend/implement continuous laboratory improvements.
Provide expertise in ICH Stability and test method development and validation.
Provide expertise in USP analytical method requirements.
Participate in discussions and recommend capital equipment investments for the department.
Deliver on departmental strategy through innovation, use of automation, and efficiency.
Work effectively in a team to achieve goals.
Communicate effectively in written and oral form. Write detailed scientific reports with full experimental details and give proper presentations.
Maintain clear, detailed, and up-to-date laboratory notebooks according to internal policies.
Follow safe laboratory practices and comply with EHS, safety officers, and delegates to ensure that the laboratory is a safe environment. Recognizes potential safety issues, discusses them with EHS and management, and takes action to rectify them.
Assume responsibility for laboratory equipment, ensure equipment is properly maintained and serviced.
Work closely with Manufacturing, Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Project Management, and Business Development.
Open to a flexible and fluid work environment.
Support Agency, customer and vendor audits as needed.
Responsible for exhibiting professional behavior with both internal/external business associates that reflects positively on the company and is consistent with the company's policies and practices.
Perform all other tasks, projects, and duties as assigned.
. Requirements:

DESIRED SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Advanced analytical chemistry skills (understanding, use, interpretation, and troubleshooting of HPLC, GC, FTIR, and UV).
Extensive knowledge and hands-on experience of drug formulation, and analytical validation for parenteral dosages.
Strong science and reasoning skills. The ability to plan, execute, critically interpret, and track the results from a logical progression of experiments in order to efficiently obtain definitive results.
Demonstrated ability to design and execute experiments using different laboratory instruments independently and author summary reports.
Understanding of pharmaceutical manufacturing and analytical labs in regulated environments under FDA, ICH, and EMA guidelines.
Ability to work with a diverse customer base.
Strong attention to detail; Ability to complete tasks with accuracy and efficiency.
Portrays appropriate levels of integrity and professionalism.
Capable of being the project lead for the Analytical Technical Services team
Excellent written and verbal skills; Ability to communicate effectively with clients, management and staff by exhibiting excellent interpersonal skills.
Energetic, self-motivated, organized individual who is accustomed to working in a deadline-focused, high-pressure entrepreneurial environment.
Results oriented and efficient; Acts with a sense of urgency.
Creative and open-minded individual who fosters an environment in which sharing of ideas is encouraged.
A Leader who is capable of training and overseeing other team members as necessary.
Demonstrates confidence in decision making ability and makes decisions while assessing risks.
Takes accountability and ownership.
Ability to work well independently and in a cross-functional team environment. Efficient team management skills.
Must have proficient computer skills in Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook, Chromatographic Data Systems, and Document Management Systems.
Must be able to communicate in a professional manner with clients and regulatory agencies.

Qualified candidates possess a Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry or closely related field with 5-10 years’ experience, or M.S. in Analytical Chemistry or closely related field with 7-12 years’ experience, knowledge of GLP and cGMP, and direct work experience in a laboratory environment. Equipment qualification/validation experience not required, but preferred",3.5,"Grand River Aseptic Manufacturing
3.5","Grand Rapids, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
330,"Product Data Analyst, International","$48k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Car shopping is complicated. At CarGurus, we use data and technology to make it simple, giving people the tools they need to confidently find, buy, finance, or sell a car. The best part? Our work makes a real impact. We're the most-visited car-shopping site in the US and we are growing fast in our international markets. Ready to come along for the ride?

About the Role

At CarGurus we use data, not hunches, to inform decisions. Product Analysts play a key role in crafting the data narrative for these decisions. We love to collaborate, we're excited by a challenge, and we believe that ownership enables us to grow.
This Product Analyst role will support the growing International team where you will have opportunities for outsized positive impact through a high level of autonomy as we further develop our Canadian and UK markets. We are looking for thoughtful, daringly curious candidates who can dive into complex data and draw insightful conclusions. You'll work cross-functionally with many departments and stakeholders, and gain exposure to multiple dimensions of the business.

Our team values diversity in experience and backgrounds—we do our best work when we create space for different voices and perspectives. Whatever unique experiences or skill sets you bring, we look forward to learning from each other.

What You'll Do:
Conduct exploratory data analysis across disparate data sources (spanning website usage, dealer behavior, customer activity and more) to understand the performance of existing UK and Canadian products, target opportunities for new product offerings, and map user journeys throughout the website.
Analyze Canadian and UK user behavior via A/B testing, to identify winning product changes unique to each market.
Partner with the product, engineering, marketing, sales, and finance departments to grow our business, including recommending and advocating for performance improvement ideas unique to the international setting.
Define metrics to evaluate business performance, products and experiments; build reports and dashboards to monitor and understand them
Communicate and present data analysis, visualizations, and insights to key stakeholders
Be a voice and advocate for using data to improve the quality of our decision-making
Who You Are:
1-3 years of experience in data analysis (experience in consumer internet, digital marketing or SaaS product data a plus)
Fluency in SQL
Understanding of statistical concepts
Demonstrated ability in learning new reporting or BI tools
Ability to work independently and in a cross-functional setting
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
CarGurus Culture:

At CarGurus, we invest in our people's professional growth with everything from learning and development programs to tuition reimbursement. Want to work on projects that expand your skill set without sacrificing your work/life balance? You got it. We also strive to provide perks and benefits that employees actually care about like free lunch, commuter subsidies, and more. That includes equity in the company—our way of showing that we want you here for the long haul.

We work hard every day to build the world's most trusted and transparent automotive marketplace, but trust and transparency don't just apply to our consumers. They extend to our talent, too. We aim to create a workplace where everyone feels they can bring the ultimate expression of themselves and their potential—where you don't just fit, you thrive. We don't discriminate based on race, colour, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

In addition to the US, CarGurus operates sites in Canada and the UK. We have offices in Cambridge, MA; Detroit, MI; Dublin, Ireland; San Francisco, CA and London, UK. Check out our careers page to learn more.",3.9,"CarGurus
3.9","Cambridge, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
331,Senior Data Analyst,-1,"Please do not apply through Glassdoor; the application form needs to be completed in order to be considered. TO APPLY, VISIT: https://grnh.se/eb8d01633us.

About Us: At Emendata, we help bridge the gap between data and the real world. We partner with organizations that have a social mission and help them tackle their problems using analytics. Our role in these partnerships goes end to end—we handle everything from wrangling the data to analyzing the problem to turning the results into something actionable. Importantly, we understand that this analytics pipeline does not live in a vacuum. Getting to meaningful numbers requires more than just the right methods; it calls for understanding the people, policies, data, and systems involved. With this approach, our small but fast-growing team is having a big impact, taking on challenges like using analytics to combat fraud, waste, and abuse in Medicare.
About the Role: This role leads the way in producing analytics that reflect a deep level of understanding and a high degree of quality. We are looking for you to:
Take analyses from end to end: Understand the client’s problem, identify the right research question, plan the methodology, corral the data, code the analysis, interpret the results, craft the deliverable, and communicate the story
Apply a research mentality: Use all tools at our disposal (documentation, policy regulations, data investigations, etc.) to make sound analytic decisions
Help the team deliver its best work: Turn direction from clients/senior staff into tactical plans and work closely with data analysts to help them implement (conducting code reviews, teaching/reinforcing analytic strategies, etc.)
This role will be a good fit for people who naturally push towards progress and are undeterred when that requires a lot of effort or stepping into unfamiliar territory. Emendata is growing rapidly, and we are looking for people who are excited to march forward together.
Qualifications: If you do not meet all the criteria below but still think you would be a good fit for this role, please apply so we can see if we can find the right spot for you on the team. We value experience but also welcome aptitude and enthusiasm.
Education: Bachelor’s or master’s degree in a quantitative field or equivalent technical training
Programming: Experience with SAS is a must (comfortable with SAS macro language, advanced DATA step techniques such as hashes, and PROC SQL); experience with Python, Stata, R, or SQL is a plus
Technical Mentorship: Demonstrated experience with reviewing code and providing feedback
Data Management: Comfortable with the process of importing, cleaning, and preparing data for analysis in a reproducible way
Analysis: Exceptional problem-solving skills with a good understanding of statistical/social science research methods; 4+ years hands-on experience in an analytics role (e.g., economic consulting)
Working Style: Intellectually curious (keep pulling on threads until finding an answer), enterprising (eager to tackle the unknown and find a way to make things happen), and collaborative (work with others to explore, build, tear down, and build again)
To be considered for this position, applicants must have the ability to work in the U.S. without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.
About the Interview Process: We want both sides to learn what it would be like to work together. Part way through the interview process, we incorporate a lightweight at-home exercise that serves as the basis for a technical interview. The exercise gives us an outlet to show you what kind of problems this role would tackle and offers you an opportunity to show us how you would approach the work.",-1,Emendata,"Burlingame, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
332,Machine Learning Engineer,"$108k-$186k
(Glassdoor Est.)","CircleUp harnesses the power of machine learning and predictive analytics to discover some of the fastest-growing companies in the consumer & retail sector. We are building a predictive data system called ""Helio"" to bring the data-driven revolution that has occurred in the public markets to the private markets, starting with consumer & retail.

We are working on challenging problems in information retrieval, entity resolution, and developing an in-depth knowledge graph of all private companies. We are mining vast amounts of data to successfully rewrite the rules on how private companies are evaluated.

With a background in both software development and machine learning, you will collaborate with software engineers, data scientists, PMs, and domain experts in consumer investing to develop & ship predictive data products in support of CircleUp's mission - helping entrepreneurs thrive by connecting them with the capital & resources they need.

You are a passionate software engineer who is comfortable working across the full stack & lifecycle of predictive data products - prototyping, feature engineering, validation, and productionalization.

CircleUp was recently honored as one of Fast Company's Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in Data Science and has been named a CB Insights FinTech 250, a Top 5 Most Disruptive Company in Finance by CNBC, and to the Forbes FinTech 50. Founded in 2012, CircleUp is headquartered in San Francisco and backed by Union Square Ventures, GV, Canaan Partners, QED Advisors, and others.

Responsibilities:
Collect and refine structured and unstructured data on private companies
Build out our entity resolution platform that can identify references to companies, brands and products in highly unstructured digital documents and link them back to real world entities
Build scalable production systems for data collection, data transformation, feature extraction, model training, and scoring, using distributed software tools
Build end to end algorithms for objectively measuring the quality of private consumer companies
Contribute to all phases of algorithm development including ideation, prototyping, design and production
We're looking for teammates who have:
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Information retrieval, Natural Language processing, Math, Statistics or related technical field
2+ years of experience in machine learning, NLP and/or information retrieval
Broad knowledge of machine learning APIs, tools, and open source libraries
Excellent coding skills and strong fundamentals in algorithms, data structures, predictive modeling and big data concepts
Experience putting models into production systems is a huge plus
An interest in disrupting and democratizing the entire industry within the private markets.
If you got to this point, we hope you’re feeling excited about the job description you just read! Even if you feel that you don't meet all of the requirements and qualifications, we still encourage you to apply. We’re eager to speak with those who share our passion to help entrepreneurs thrive - not just those who match every bullet point in our job descriptions.

CircleUp is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex and gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender identity and gender expression (including transgender individuals who are transitioning, have transitioned, or are perceived to be transitioning to the gender with which they identify), age, sexual orientation, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status and any other consideration protected by federal, state or local law. We encourage those who really want to make an impact to apply for our open positions.",4.5,"CircleUp
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Venture Capital & Private Equity,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
333,Senior Outreach Data Scientist,"$104k-$169k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description:

Are you looking for a new and exciting career opportunity?

Join our award-winning organization and work with some of the most talented minds within our Enterprise Technology and Innovation teams. As a Salient CRGT employee, you get to be part of a best performing team supporting our nation’s most critical missions.

Why Salient CRGT?

We’re passionate about the inspirational missions of our customers and we entrust our employees and teams to deliver exceptional performance to enable the safety, security, health and well-being of our nation. We provide the tools and resources to help you be successful, and our culture fosters an environment in which idea sharing and collaboration is essential. Are you ready to make a difference?

We are seeking a senior level Outreach Data Scientist.

This role fullfills the following responsibilites:

implements a continuous review process to evaluate the effectiveness of processes and standards for identifying process improvements to drive improved efficiency and quality
evaluates quality issues, inefficient processes, product quality, customer feedback, and analyst recommendations to identify process and product improvements
identifies opportunities to eliminate duplication of effort, improve analyst effectiveness and efficiency, eliminate backlog, reduce accuracy issues, and improve general operations
conducts briefings on improvement recommendations, gaining approval for implementation, and coordinating implementation improvements
implementation of tools, scripts, algorithms, and techniques assesses the effectiveness of the improvements
assesses and reports on metrics

#cjpost

Required Qualifications:

The following are minimum requirements for the role:

10+ years of experience
MA/MS degree
Experience continuous process improvement (CPI) researcher and facilitator
Experience working in NCTC screening and vetting using NCTC IC databases
Analytical and critical thinking skills
Knowledge of SOPs and Government watchlisting and screening and vetting guidelines
Advanced communication skills including documentation and briefings
Knowledge of ODNI, NCTC, and IC mission, roles, and responsibilities
TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance

#cjpost #super6

#muncyreqs

#crgt456 #jpreqs

Desired Qualifications:
Recognized expert in specific field

Salient CRGT is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other factor prohibited by applicable anti-discrimination laws.",3.3,"Salient CRGT, Inc
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
334,Data Engineer,"$69k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

NJVC, LLC

Company Job Title: Data Engineer

Clearance: Top Secret with ability to obtain SCI

Location: Springfield, VA

Reports To: Program Manager

FLSA Status: Exempt, Full Time, Regular

Summary:

The Data Engineer will work with product owners and data stewards to deliver high quality technical solutions in response to business requirements. You will be counted on to provide your peers with technical expertise that will offer solutions for difficult programming problems.

Duties and Responsibilities:
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) including UI and custom code features.
Write or create stored procedures, SQL scripts, SSIS packages that can be used to:
Move data from source databases to target databases
Clean / Condition data
Convert or transform data
Reconcile and confirm converted data
Find data errors
Validate data to business rules
Ability to examine existing ETL scripts and track data back to source
SQL Server administration, tuning, and workbench.
Work with business experts to understand data and complete data mappings.
Focus on the development of extract, transform, and load (ETL) jobs currently using Microsoft SQL, Server, and SSIS.
The environment currently supports hundreds of related ETL jobs that move data between 30 different source systems and between multiple classifications.
Part of the challenge as a data engineer will be to find scalable and efficient coding solutions that plug into this extensible system in order to add more data to the Enterprise data store.
Other duties as assigned
Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.)
Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Equivalent years of experience in lieu of degree
4 years of relevant experience with the following software / tools:
Experience with Microsoft SQL
Prior experience supporting IC/DoD
The existing data warehouse is built on Microsoft SQL hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS), so experience developing solutions that scale well in these environments is a plus.
Active Top-Secret Clearance with ability to obtain SCI
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Ability to work independently and yet be effective within a team setting
Must be capable of managing multiple efforts with time related constraints in a fast-paced contracting environment
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with diverse internal and external stakeholder groups and individuals
Friendly presence, helpful attitude, good interpersonal skills, and ability to work well with others.
Excellent skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, and other Office applications
Proficient with Microsoft Office Applications, and experience working in a home office setting as well as the ability to train end users on frequently asked technical issues.
Ability to provide technical assistance and support over the phone; good phone skills, professional demeanor, previous customer service experience strongly desired.
Good problem-solving skills; ability to visualize a problem/situation and think abstractly to solve it

Physical Demands: (The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.)
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.
Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.)
The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment.
During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.
Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Native preference under PL 93-638.

We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.

Primary Location: United States-Virginia-Springfield

Organization: NJVC
Strategic Business Unit: Military Intelligence and Operations Support
Security Requirements: Top Secret
Job Schedule: Full Time Exempt
Recruiter: Jonas Patterson
Req ID: 2000001203",4.3,"Chenega MIOS
4.3","Springfield, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
335,Senior Finance Data Analyst,"$81k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Qualys is seeking a Senior Finance Data Analyst with a strong experience in data management and financial reporting and systems. Responsibilities include establishing and maintaining Master Data standards and items within the Qualys systems and monitoring and validating the integrity of data as well as supporting corrective actions related to variances to standard. He/she will also help maintain systems and manage information used for financial administration and key financial metrics and reporting and assist in setting up automated reporting and financial analysis.

Responsibilities include:
Implement, optimize, and maintain financial systems and augment it with a separate data warehouse as needed
Create, maintain, monitor, and analyze all master data in ERP & CRM and integrated solutions
Ensure and enhance data quality and train users to ensure continuity of results
Provide creative yet logical approaches to solving data problems
Perform various levels of data validation across multiple systems
Create and manage the data dictionary to support change management efforts
Draft and maintain policies, procedures, and other documentation to ensure uniform, accurate, and consistent data are present
Provide testing support for upgrades and releases, including integration testing from various sources to target systems
Assist in setting up hierarchies and maintain consistency across different systems
Assist with data and analysis requests, providing detailed backups and explanations as needed
Build and support complex planning and forecasting models using the Anaplan platform
Build Anaplan Visualizations
Set up and automate reporting and charting and analyze trends and patterns
Perform other ad hoc responsibilities as necessary
You are:
A strong team player with a positive, service-oriented attitude who drives process improvements to increase effectiveness of the team and minimize room for errors
Hands-on, detail-oriented, and organized; prior experience having gathered, structured, monitored, and validated data to ensure data integrity and detailed documentation; has developed a habit of checking the accuracy of data and analysis several times over before submitting for review
A self-starter and high-achiever with a focus on doing a great job
A superior problem solver, possessing the initiative to look into the details and interpret the impact of key business drivers
Excellent multi-tasker who has strong time and project management skills and understands the importance of planning in advance to meet deadlines that include multiple review points and iterations
Strong communicator, both written & verbal; reliable and responsive to email and phone communications
Highest level of integrity and good judgment with the ability to effectively deal with highly sensitive, confidential information
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Accounting/Finance/Business or related field
Minimum of combined 4 years of hands on experience building Anaplan models and/or master data management in an ERP or CRM system
Experience querying data from a native source (ERP, CRM or database). Understanding of backend data and database structures
Experience partnering with FP&A and to deliver insightful information
Hands on experience with NetSuite, Salesforce, and Admin is a plus
High proficiency with Excel is a must, including ability to build automated Excel models from scratch (e.g., vlookup, sumif, iferror, etc.); VBA, SQL and ODBC knowledge preferred
Data organization and management skills. Technical expertise with data models, data import methodologies, database design development, and data mining; preferred experience with a BI tool",3.1,"Qualys
3.1","Foster City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
336,Data Engineer,"$58k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Astor & Sanders, an IT solutions provider located in Rockville, Maryland is currently seeking a Data Engineer to work in a government facility in Washington, DC.

Roles and Responsibilities

· Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data

delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc

· Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related

technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs

· Work in a process-oriented, software development work environment

· Have exceptional analytical skills, showing fluency in the use of tools such as SQL and strong Java programming

skills

· Be technologically adept, demonstrating strong computer skills

· Be capable of developing databases using SQL scripts

· Demonstrate expertise in data modeling and query performance tuning on DB2, Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL or similar platforms

· Experience in implementing or following software development processes 1605DC-20-Q-00092 OLMS Electronic Labor Organization Reporting System (e.LORS) Information Technology Services Support 41

· Experience writing/editing Information Technology Documentation

· Experience with Section 508 compliant development efforts

· Past experience with developing baselines for system/applications, developing and maintaining configuration control documentation, and providing guidance and assistance to project personnel in documenting and approving engineering changes. · Integration experience with Web Services, APIs, and SOA.

Minimum Education: Bachelors’ of Science Degree; Computer Science, or degree in a related field Substitution: 5 years of direct relevant technical experience with high school diploma

Certification(s): None

Clearances: Capable of a Public Trust Security Clearance

.",3.1,"Astor & Sanders Corp
3.1","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
337,Data Assimilation JEDI algorithm development,"$51k-$88k
(Glassdoor Est.)","_Overview_*
I.M. Systems Group, Inc. (IMSG) is seeking a candidate to support the Environmental Modeling Center (EMC) of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) in carrying out research and development work related to the future operational atmospheric component of the Unified Forecast System (UFS). The candidate’s work will involve the development, execution, testing, and evaluation of several components of the atmospheric data assimilation system in the context of numerical weather prediction. The work location is at the NOAA Center for Weather and Climate Prediction (NCWCP) in College Park, MD.
_Responsibilities_*
The candidate will perform the job duties in a high-quality, independent, and collaborative way, assisting with developing and applying innovative methods for the primary work areas described below. The candidate will work with EMC scientists and external collaborators to develop and test atmospheric data assimilation components for use in the UFS. In particular, the candidate will focus on the evaluation of current and future algorithms for use in global numerical weather prediction applications using the Joint Effort for Data assimilation Integration (JEDI) project.

The primary focus will be on performing an algorithm intercomparison study and contributing to future algorithm development activities within the JEDI project. This will include a comparison of variational-based solvers (Hybrid 4DEnVar versus Hybrid 4DVar) for the NCEP Global Data Assimilation System.

The successful candidate will work on the following scientific and engineering tasks:
Complete intercomparison study of Hybrid 4DVar versus Hybrid 4DEnVar for the NCEP Global Data Assimilation System
Develop and support atmospheric model interface, including tangent linear and adjoint, within the JEDI infrastructure
Develop test, and/or explore additional algorithm developments for use in global NWP (use of EDA instead of LETKF, multi-scale and scale-dependent exploitation of ensemble information, etc.)
Test and evaluate JEDI-based algorithm developments for use in future operational NWP applications
Assist in development and transition of JEDI-based developments for replacement of current atmospheric assimilation infrastructure (GSI-based)
Assist in coordination of JEDI-related development activities from other EMC developers
Utilize JEDI infrastructure to explore data assimilation research activities relevant to future transition-to-operations of operationally relevant data assimilation research
_Qualifications_*
A Master’s Degree or higher in atmospheric sciences or meteorology, applied mathematics, or related physical science with at least 2 years of experience in environmental forecast and analysis systems.

Demonstrated knowledge, skills, and abilities in at least five of the following areas:
Advanced knowledge of data assimilation with focus on the development for numerical weather prediction (NWP)
Advanced knowledge of data assimilation solvers, including variational-based assimilation and ensemble Kalman filters
Advanced knowledge of the physical and mathematical basis of geophysical modeling and experience running advanced numerical weather prediction (NWP) models.
Experience with tangent-linear and adjoint models
Experience in model development in various infrastructures like the Earth System Modeling Framework (ESMF) and NOAA Environmental Modeling System (NEMS)
Advanced knowledge and experience of modern programming languages such as object-oriented FORTRAN, Python, and/or C++
Experience working in a UNIX environment with advanced scripting languages
Experience in working with HPC platforms (MPI, OpenMP, Slurm, LSF, etc.)
Modern software engineering practices (requirements gathering, design, prototyping, version control, integration, testing, and documentation).
Experience in model testing and evaluation and/or knowledge of verification principles.
Ability to work independently and in a team environment on complex problems.
Good oral and written communication skills in English
Demonstrated skill in performing tasks requiring organization and attention to detail.
_Candidates must be a U.S. Citizen or Green Card Holder to qualify_*
_(US Citizen must live in US for 3-5 years prior to application)_*
_(please indicate in your cover letter)._*
_To_* *_Apply_*
Please apply online at _https://careers-imsg.icims.com_. In your cover letter, please indicate the following information:

1) Timeline of availability

2) Citizenship Status

3) Salary requirements for considerations

NOTE: Provide three References

_IMSG is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran friendly_

_https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf_

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Referral Program
Relocation Assistance
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday",3.5,"IMSG/NOAA
3.5","Rockville, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
338,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"Who makes a great addition to our team:
Curious doers. We look for people who get sh*t done, but not at the risk of doing the wrong thing. We want people who ask questions, challenge, and engage in egoless debate to get to the right end goal.
Rigor, not ruthlessness. We look for people who enjoy working hard and pushing themselves and each other, but this works for us only as much as we are kind and supportive of one another.
Big picture leadership. We expect all of our teammates to be leaders and for them to step back and step forward at the right time for the harmony of the greater team and the big picture.

What we're looking for:
Strong educational background in Computer Science, Math or a related field
A minimum of five years experience working with data warehouses
A minimum of two years experience working with object oriented languages
A minimum of two years experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling
A minimum of of experience writing SQL statements

As a Senior Data Engineer you will tackle:
Managing the dtx data warehouse and data lake and own data quality for allocated areas of ownership, including defining and managing SLA for all data sets.
Partnering with the Data Science and Analytics team to investigate and implement advanced statistical models and machine learning pipelines.
Assisting client support and sales with client integrations.",4.7,"the dtx company
4.7","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
339,R&D Scientist,"$31k-$72k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our Research and Development department is on the forefront of product development and innovation. It is easy to be dedicated when you’re a part of something much bigger than yourself. We’ve got an insatiable appetite for making a difference. The ideal R&D Dairy and/or Dairy Alternative Scientist candidate will have an integral role in leading the product development of our next wave product innovations, while also lending technical support to our growing base business. We are looking for a candidate with a strong food science foundation, and a demonstrated expertise in product innovation, to help Chobani advance its’ mission of making healthy and delicious plant-based foods.

The responsibilities of this position include:
Execute research and development plans and strategies for product development in support of company objectives
Design and execute experiments based on project objectives, excellent record keeping, data collection and analysis and preparing project summaries
Plan and carry out development work in lab and pilot scale; design, develop, and lead tests to qualify new products and to support changes to existing products
Conduct analytical measurements like, pH, viscosity, density, able to design and execute shelf life studies, brix, total solids etc.
Manage technical development projects focusing on product development, process, and product care to help Chobani improve and launch more innovative food and beverage products
Lead and document development projects all the way from conceptualization to commercialization – this includes budget and target within certain time constraints
Communicate project requirements and recommendations as well as status to internal customers and external stake holders
Lead, assist, and work directly with plant processing and production personnel to ensure trial runs and start-up operations are properly performed
The requirements of this position include:
Minimum B.S. Food Science or related degree. Advanced degree strongly preferred
2-7 years of food industry experience required, dairy and/or non-dairy is preferred
Extensive ingredient (stabilizers & fortification), flavor development, and product stability knowledge
Background in process and product development and commercialization of food processes is required. Dairy or Dairy Alternative processing would be a big bonus. Proven track record of leading product development projects including timeline development / management, testing / trials, operational launch and scale
Familiarity with basic research tools and statistical analysis
Comfortable with ambiguity and are energized by the process of building something from the ground up
Innate curiosity for understanding complex food systems from a physical and chemical perspective
Maintain clean & safe manufacturing environment within all facilities
Excellent written and verbal communication
Must be a self-starter able to work in a fast-paced environment and handle multiple projects/tasks at any given time
Willingness to travel (10-20%)
About Us:

Since our founding over 10 years ago, we’ve always been a different kind of company. After moving to New York from his native Turkey, our CEO Hamdi Ulukaya found that in America, yogurt just wasn’t as delicious or widely available as it was back home. He thought everyone deserved better options, so he set about making delicious, nutritious, natural, and accessible Greek Yogurt right here in the U.S.

Our mission since day one has been to provide better food to more people. And now as the No. 1-selling Greek Yogurt brand in America that is expanding beyond yogurt, we believe every food maker has a responsibility to provide people with better options, which is why we’re so proud of the way our food is made.

Our food philosophy of crafting quality products with simple ingredients is what sets Chobani apart. Our belief that business done right has the ability to change lives and strengthen communities is what sets our company apart. From the way we source our ingredients to how we treat our employees, Chobani strives to make universal wellness happen sooner with everything we do. Certified as a Great Place to Work®, our culture is built on shared passion, dedication, and a commitment to doing what is right. Together, the Chobani family has created something unlike what any company has done before. The possibilities are endless.

Chobani is an equal opportunity employer. Chobani will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on any basis including, but not limited to: race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, military and/or veteran status, marital status, predisposing genetic characteristics and genetic information, or any other classification protected by federal, state and local laws.",4.3,"Chobani
4.3","Twin Falls, ID",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
340,Data QA Engineer,"$48k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description: Data QA Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA
Department: Quality Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Software Engineering
Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a self-motivated mid-level Data QA Engineer to lead the testing framework design, development, automation for our big data infrastructure leveraging latest technologies such as Hadoop and Spark, both on-premise and in the cloud. This position requires experience in testing and automation of data pipelines, data services, data warehouses, business intelligence and machine learning platforms, especially around unified consumer transactional, demographic and behavioral data.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools/technologies such as SQL/NoSQL, Python, and Tableau to validate products, data pipelines and data deliverables. If you have experience in automation, quality engineering of data centric applications/systems, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Design and implement Test Automation frameworks using Python, node.js, SQL, javascript and React JS.
Develop test strategies, plans, test cases and engineering best practices related to software test engineering, both manual and automated testing with a specific focus on data quality
Work closely with data engineers, data scientists and analysts to inform solution designs in terms of testability.
Building and automating testing frameworks around data ingestion pipelines for master data management, deep-learning, and predictive analytics
Build and maintain testing frameworks for big data environments that are highly secure, scalable, flexible, and performant using appropriate SQL technologies.
Lead data governance and data profiling efforts to ensure data quality and proper meta data documentation for data lineage.
Creating quality metrics to evaluate data pipelines, products and customer deliverables.
Collaborate with diverse technical and non-technical teams located across multiple time-zones on client deliverables and technical support
Participate-in and contribute to design and code reviews
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on data analytics.
3+ years of experience in data integration / data engineering
3+ years of experience in data modeling and architecture
3+ years of experience in QA automation
Experience in working with large scale Enterprise data warehouse, data integration, data migration and data quality verification
Hands-on testing experience in working Hadoop, Spark and other Big data technologies is highly preferred
Knowledge of data pipelines using SQL, Hive, Spark, Spark ML
Excellent analytics, problem-solving and debugging skills",3.1,"Affinity Solutions
3.1","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
341,"Research Scientist, Simulations","$33k-$74k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Description
The Simulations Research Scientist leads analysis and support for scientific studies using UNOS Simulation models. They will lead the maintenance, development, and deployment of the simulation models to support the execution and deployment of external facing web-applications, research reports, and consulting arrangements..
Key Responsibilities:
Designs and conducts research in the field of organ transplantation using modern simulation techniques.Serve as primary interface with clients that are using UNOS Simulation Models. Also serve as the primary interface with UNOS’ technical partner, ODU/VMASC, with the continued development of simulation models.Directs the work of research analysts in support of scientific studies involving simulation modeling Mentors the Research Analysts in leading and managing highly complex transplantation-related projects for all endeavors using UNOS Simulation Models Research highly complex health issues and review published literature for opportunities for new advances in transplantation knowledge.Research highly complex health issues and review published literature for opportunities for new advances in transplantation knowledge.Lead project teams and monitor project costs.Plan/direct the preparation of proposals of significant technical complexity, contract value or strategic importance.Direct and oversee information gathering; review technical data and information summaries.Collaborate with other researchers and transplantation professionals on presentations and publications.Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Requirements
PhD with 5 years of simulation related research experience (to include Graduate Assistant work) required. Also will consider a Master’s degree with 6+ years of professional work experience.
Critical Skills
Basic competence in R, SQL, and SAS programming is preferred. Further object oriented programming (JAVA, C++) preferred.Foundational knowledge of modeling paradigms and complexity theoryExperience with Agent-Based modeling Working knowledge of social science modelingStrong research skillsAbility to work ieffectively in a team environment Must have excellent oral and written communication skills.Must be self-motivated and able to work independently and within teams.Design and development of simulation models from subject matter expert specifications Qualitative or quantitative data collection and analysisMust have demonstrated ability to do independent research.
Additional Skills and Qualifications
2 years of experience in healthcare research is preferred.Experience in developing and leading research/analytical studies is preferred.
Education
Advanced degree in engineering (systems, computer, electrical or related fields), simulation and modeling, computer science, statistics or mathematics. PhD is highly desired
Physical Requirements
· General office demands
· Some overnight travel
.wm-ab-launcher-spinner { height: 100%; left: 0; position: absolute; top: 0; width: 100%; } .wm-ab-launcher-spinner::before { animation: wm-ab-spin 1.5s linear infinite; border: 2px solid #f3f3f3; border-radius: 50%; border-top: 2px solid transparent; content: ''; height: 18px; left: calc(50% - 9px); position: absolute; top: calc(50% - 9px); width: 18px; } @keyframes wm-ab-spin { 0% { transform: rotate(0deg); } 100% { transform: rotate(360deg); } } .wm-ab-launcher-spinner { height: 100%; left: 0; position: absolute; top: 0; width: 100%; } .wm-ab-launcher-spinner::before { animation: wm-ab-spin 1.5s linear infinite; border: 2px solid #f3f3f3; border-radius: 50%; border-top: 2px solid transparent; content: ''; height: 18px; left: calc(50% - 9px); position: absolute; top: calc(50% - 9px); width: 18px; } @keyframes wm-ab-spin { 0% { transform: rotate(0deg); } 100% { transform: rotate(360deg); } }
About the Position
Position Description
The Simulations Research Scientist leads analysis and support for scientific studies using UNOS Simulation models. They will lead the maintenance, development, and deployment of the simulation models to support the execution and deployment of external facing web-applications, research reports, and consulting arrangements..
Key Responsibilities:
Designs and conducts research in the field of organ transplantation using modern simulation techniques.
Serve as primary interface with clients that are using UNOS Simulation Models. Also serve as the primary interface with UNOS’ technical partner, ODU/VMASC, with the continued development of simulation models.
Directs the work of research analysts in support of scientific studies involving simulation modeling
Mentors the Research Analysts in leading and managing highly complex transplantation-related projects for all endeavors using UNOS Simulation Models
Research highly complex health issues and review published literature for opportunities for new advances in transplantation knowledge.
Research highly complex health issues and review published literature for opportunities for new advances in transplantation knowledge.
Lead project teams and monitor project costs.
Plan/direct the preparation of proposals of significant technical complexity, contract value or strategic importance.
Direct and oversee information gathering; review technical data and information summaries.
Collaborate with other researchers and transplantation professionals on presentations and publications.
Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Requirements
PhD with 5 years of simulation related research experience (to include Graduate Assistant work) required. Also will consider a Master’s degree with 6+ years of professional work experience.
Critical Skills
Basic competence in R, SQL, and SAS programming is preferred. Further object oriented programming (JAVA, C++) preferred.
Foundational knowledge of modeling paradigms and complexity theory
Experience with Agent-Based modeling
Working knowledge of social science modeling
Strong research skills
Ability to work ieffectively in a team environment
Must have excellent oral and written communication skills.
Must be self-motivated and able to work independently and within teams.
Design and development of simulation models from subject matter expert specifications
Qualitative or quantitative data collection and analysis
Must have demonstrated ability to do independent research.
Additional Skills and Qualifications
2 years of experience in healthcare research is preferred.
Experience in developing and leading research/analytical studies is preferred.
Education
Advanced degree in engineering (systems, computer, electrical or related fields), simulation and modeling, computer science, statistics or mathematics. PhD is highly desired
Physical Requirements
· General office demands
· Some overnight travel
About Us
The United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS) coordinates the nation’s organ transplant system, providing vital services to meet the needs of men, women and children awaiting lifesaving organ transplants. Based in Richmond, Va., UNOS is a private, nonprofit membership organization.
UNOS members encompass every transplant hospital, tissue matching laboratory and organ procurement organization in the United States, as well as voluntary health and professional societies, ethicists, transplant patients and organ donor advocates.
Top workplace in Richmond since 2013
UNOS is a great place to work! We’re one of only a few organizations to be named a top work place in Richmond by the Richmond Times Dispatchfor 6 years in a row.
Virginia Values Veterans Certified
UNOS is V3-certified! V3- Certified companies work with the Department of Veterans Services and other strategic partners to support Virginia’s Veterans.
UNOS Benefits
For information on UNOS, including more information on employee benefits, take a look at the UNOS Employee Benefits Summary.
Authorization
Must be authorized to work in the US. Sponsorship is not available for this position.
Agency Statement
No Agencies Please.
UNOS provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. It will not unlawfully discriminate or permit harassment against any employee or applicant on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, familial or marital status, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, genetic information, or any other characteristics or classification protected under applicable law (“protected categories”). This policy applies not only to hiring, but also to working conditions, benefits and privileges of employment, training, appointments for advancement, transfers, layoffs, recalls, terminations of employment and all other terms and conditions of employment.
UNOS is also an affirmative action employer. It takes affirmative action to recruit and provide opportunities for advancement to qualified females and minorities, individuals with disabilities, special disabled veterans and other protected veterans. It hires and promotes based on job-related requirements and individual qualifications. Action is taken to ensure the fulfillment of this policy as to all phases of the employment process including hiring, placement, training, upgrading, transfers and/or demotions, recruiting, layoffs and termination of employment.
UNOS invites individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to identify themselves, if they wish to do so. Such communication will be kept as confidential as possible and will be used only in accordance with the law. Candidates may contact the EEO/AA Officer at employment@unos.org to self-identify or request an accommodation.
EEO is the Law | EEO is the Law Supplement | E-Verify Participation English/Spanish | Right to Work | Right to Work Spanish | Pay Transparency",3.4,"United Network for Organ Sharing
3.4","Richmond, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1984,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
342,Quantitative Research Analyst - Experienced Hire,"$90k-$170k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

SIG’s Quantitative Researchers find solutions to complex problems that occur in the world of trading. They use research as a tool to better understand global markets, varying products, and the network of exchanges on which we trade. Quants move SIG's business forward by improving, identifying, and implementing trading strategies for the firm.

In this role, you will examine global markets, utilize terabytes of trading data, and leverage your statistical analytic skills to build models and strategies for a variety of financial instruments. By using your quantitative and computational experience, you will help us increase profitability for the firm while decreasing our risk in the capital markets. Our collaborative environment enables you to work closely with traders and developers as you continuously advance the sophistication and results of your research. The impact of your work becomes quickly apparent as it affects our trading environment on a daily basis.

What we're looking for
Ph D. or equivalent degree in Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Operations Research, or related discipline
Strong practical computing skills in object oriented languages
Demonstrated experience working with and drawing conclusions from large datasets
For more information, please contact/send your resume to Mike Pachella at mike.pachella@sig.com.

SIG is not accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at SIG via-email, the Internet or directly without a valid written search agreement will be deemed the sole property of SIG, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by SIG.",3.6,"Susquehanna International Group
3.6","Bala Cynwyd, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Stock Exchanges,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
343,Data Analyst Quality - Quality Outcomes Managment,"$35k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our quality data analyst will be responsible to perform high level analyses in support of institution-wide clinical quality improvement activities. The analyst will facilitate the development and maintenance of data collection, leveraging existing data to identify gaps in care and recommend areas of focus for quality improvement activities.

An integral role to ensure that the organization exceeds its goals, the quality analyst will work collaboratively with Decision Support & Quality Services to determine resources needed to improve identified gaps in care and to develop recommendations for quality improvement based on findings.

The individual selected for this role will be engaging with a strong ability to present complex information to stakeholders in a compelling and accessible manner. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced analyst who understands common quality benchmarks and thrives in a high-autonomy environment.

A creative role with strong flexibility, the analyst will be exposed to, and lead high-impact projects as a partner to executive and clinical leaders.

Penn State Health offers exceptional benefits including healthcare starting day one. Our employees enjoy a robust paid time off program that enables them to realize strong life/work balance.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Computer Science or a related field required.

3 years data analysis experience in either finance, clinical, or research required.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Project management skills preferred.

Experience with statistics preferred.

Experience with Vizient, Cerner or Midas would be helpful.

If chosen for this position, you may be required to pass a Post Offer Employment Physical Exam in accordance with the measurements listed in the Work Task Analysis (WTA) report. This job description is a general outline of duties performed and is not to be misconstrued as encompassing all duties performed within the position. All individuals (including current employees) selected for a position will undergo a background check appropriate for the position's responsibilities.

Penn State Health is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please call 717-531-8440 between the hours of 8:30 AM and 4:30 PM, Eastern Standard Time, Monday – Friday, email hrsolutions@pennstatehealth.psu.edu or download our Accommodation Instructions for Job Applicants PDF for more detailed steps for assistance.

Union: Non Bargained

IND123

#LI-TB1",-1,Penn State Health Milton S. Hershey Medical Center,"Hershey, PA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
344,Tableau Developer & Data Analyst,-1,"We're hiring!

Leaf Group is looking for an experienced Tableau Developer & Data Analyst for Saatchi Art to join our Business Intelligence (BI) team in Santa Monica, CA.

Saatchi Art is the world's leading online art gallery, established with the goal of helping people all over the world connect with art and artists they love. We offer an unparalleled selection of paintings, drawings, sculpture, and photography in a wide range of prices, and provide artists worldwide with an expertly curated environment in which to exhibit and sell their work. Based in Los Angeles, Saatchi Art is redefining the experience of buying and selling art, making it welcoming and accessible for artists and collectors alike.

Leaf Group is a house of digital brands, creating and cultivating digital-first companies in growing lifestyle categories, including Fitness & Wellness, Art & Design and Publishing. Our media and marketplace brands are authentic and authoritative, reaching a large and growing passionate, creative audience.

We work in a fun, collaborative environment that is diverse, adventurous, and open-minded. We look for proactive, accountable people focused on continuous learning and growth to push themselves and our businesses forward. Check us out here: https://www.leafgroup.com/brands/

A big vision calls for a big job. As we grow, our need for a Tableau Developer & Data Analyst grows with us.

You'll Report To: Sr. Director, Business Intelligence

A typical day as a Tableau Developer & Data Analyst might include:
Create complex SQL queries and perform ad-hoc and exploratory data analysis.
Provide data-driven insights to enable decision-making.
Create data visualizations using Tableau
Work with the business units to establish KPIs and methodology, and then create the appropriate reports and analysis.
Develop, own, and present dashboards to Senior Management that provide actionable insights.
Investigate data anomalies and perform Root Cause Analysis (RCA).
Audit peer reports and provide constructive feedback.
You'll be successful if you are a motivated Data Analyst with strong SQL/Tableau skills and are looking to join an energetic, fast-paced, project-driven BI team.

What You Have:
BA in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics or Mathematics or equivalent experience.
3+ years practical experience in SQL query scripting, debugging, and execution.
2+ years of experience building Tableau dashboards.
1+ years of experience working in a data-intensive organization with large-scale datasets.
Excel proficiency is required.
Previous eCommerce experience is a plus.
Proficiency in Python or other scripting language is a plus.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Not afraid to wear multiple hats - no job being too small or too large.
We're casual and informal but we work hard and work responsibly. Personal accountability goes a long way. We believe we are the change.
What We Have:
eHow is the 2019 & 2020 People's Choice and official Webby Winner for Social Video/How To-DIY
Well+Good is the 2019 People's Choice winner of the Webby's Award for Best Lifestyle Brand
Leaf Group is among TalentDesk's 2019 Best Companies To Work For
Leaf Group is among the 2019 Built In LA Best Companies To Work For
Leaf Group is among Comparably's 2018 Best Companies in Los Angeles
Well+Good is the 2018 winner of Fast Company's Most Innovative Company Award
MyPlate is the 2018 winner of the Webby Award for Best Design
Winner of the 2017 Best Company for Diversity award Comparably
Competitive compensation and benefits packages (i.e., Medical, Dental, Vision, FSA, 401K)
Discounted gym memberships
Paid-to-play vacation rewards
Discretionary unlimited vacation time
Employee discounts for Saatchi Art, Society6, and Deny Designs
Leaf Group, Ltd. is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for all job openings are welcome and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or any other basis protected by state, federal, or local law. It is the intent of the Company to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local legislation concerning equal opportunity in employment.

Agency Disclosure:

If the Leaf Group Talent Acquisition department, or any current company employee, receives an unsolicited resume from a third party recruiting agency and Leaf Group does not have a signed Agency Agreement active, Leaf Group will not be deemed liable to pay a placement fee. The unsolicited resume will be considered a gift and can be considered for our recruitment efforts.",4.3,"Leaf Group
4.3",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
345,Quantitative Specialist/Senior Quantitative Analyst,"$90k-$177k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Financial
Monitoring Group (FMG) within the Supervision, Regulation and Credit (SRC)
department seeks a motivated senior quantitative analyst/quantitative
specialist to support the monitoring of retail credit risk for the nation’s
largest banks. FMG produces quarterly risk reports and identifies
emerging trends in retail lending using supervisory data. More recently, FMG
has developed new monthly analytics and reporting to track the impact of the
current pandemic on retail credit. The group also provides analytical and
examination support to Federal Reserve System committees in activities related
to retail credit risk, including the annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and
Review (CCAR) assessment and other System work.

The successful candidate will have an interest in analyzing data trends in
banking and economic activity, as well as telling the story behind the data in
written or presentation format. In addition to strong communication
skills, the candidate should have the ability to work both collaboratively and
independently. Strong time management and project management skills are
desired. This role provides an opportunity to interact with various System
groups, including the Large Institution Supervision Coordinating Committee
(LISCC) and Large and Foreign Banking Organizations (LFBO) management groups.
The ability to manipulate and perform analysis of large datasets is required,
preferably using SAS or SQL. Experience with a data visualization
tool, such as Tableau, is a plus.

This position requires access to confidential supervisory information and/or
FOMC information, which is limited to “Protected Individuals” as defined in the
U.S. federal immigration law. Protected Individuals include, but are not
limited to, U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, and U.S. permanent residents who
either are not yet eligible to apply for naturalization or who have applied for
naturalization within the requisite timeframe. Candidates who are permanent
residents must sign a declaration of intent to become a U.S. citizen when
eligible to do so and pursue a path to citizenship. Candidates who are not U.S.
citizens or U.S. permanent residents may be eligible for the information access
required for this position if they sign a declaration of intent to become
a permanent resident and a U.S. citizen and meet other eligibility
requirements. In addition, all candidates must undergo an applicable background
check and comply with all applicable information handling rules.

To
be considered for the position, please submit a resume and cover letter.

About
the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia:

The Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia is one of the 12 regional Reserve Banks that,
together with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the Federal
Reserve System. It helps formulate and implement monetary policy,
supervises banks and bank and savings and loan holding companies, and provides
financial services to depository institutions and the federal
government. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia serves eastern and
central Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and Delaware.

Background
investigations including drug testing are required for all new hires as a
condition of employment, after the job offer is made. Employment may not begin until the Bank
accepts the results of the background investigation.

To
see the full job description, click the link:

https://www.philadelphiafed.org/-/media/7db2d139fc344d92adbcb55302b39bc3.ashx

To
Apply:

Go
to https://www.philadelphiafed.org/careers/job-openings.cfm
and find the ""Quantitative Specialist/Senior Quantitative Analyst""
position.
We offer a great benefits package that features:
Medical (4 options),
Prescription, Dental (3 options), and Vision Insurance
401k/Thrift Plan with
generous employer match
Employer-funded Pension
Plan
Paid Vacation/Sick Time
& Holidays
Monthly Commuter
Allowance
Flexible Spending
Accounts and Healthcare Spending Accounts
Flexible Work Schedule
available in most departments
Tuition Reimbursement
Parental Leave
Onsite 24/7 Fitness
Center including training classes, Peloton bikes and locker room / shower
facilities
Onsite Cafeteria and
Coffee Shop
Additional convenience benefits,
discounts and more…
The Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia believes that diversity and inclusion among our
employees is essential to our success as an organization, and we want to
recruit, develop and retain the most accomplished people from a diverse
candidate pool. To support a workplace culture of belonging, we offer seven
employee resource groups (ERGs) and a 100 percent rating on the Human Rights
Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equality Index. The Federal Reserve Bank of
Philadelphia is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.6,"Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia
3.6","Philadelphia, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1914,Company - Private,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
346,Java/Data Engineer,"$43k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Java Developer – Contract – Buffalo, NY

We have a very hot opportunity! One of our clients is looking for an experienced Java Developer. This person will be helping with implementing Client Data Synchronization workflows.

Example:

We have a bunch of client data files and need to use our framework to ETL them into our platform database models. Tech stack would be:

Java
Spring (Spring Boot, Spring Cloud Data Flow)
SQL Experience – strong Relational Database knowledge
Web services creations

IND123",4.1,"Systems Personnel
4.1","Buffalo, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
347,LEAD COMPUTER SCIENTIST - LEAD ENGINEER - PRINCIPAL ENGINEER - SPACE AVIONICS,"$77k-$150k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


As a recognized leader in space systems, SwRI develops avionics, data storage, and on-orbit processing electronics enabling next generation missions throughout the solar system.


Objectives of this Role:

As part of SwRI’s Space Avionics Flight Software Team, you’re work will benefit humankind through enabling scientific discoveries, improved weather forecasting, in-orbit satellite servicing, and revolutionizing on-orbit processing.

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Lead, design, develop, and verify mission, spacecraft and instrument flight software for a variety of space applications applying sound software engineering disciplines and practices.
Perform and direct all phases of the system lifecycle including proposal development, applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation.
Perform software project management functions including project planning, cost and schedule development, progress tracking against plans, programmatic and technical reviews, etc.
Support related systems engineering activities and maintain relationships with other technical disciplines and project functional areas.
Interact and interface with clients including developing technical presentations. Travel to client and team organization facilities is required and varies by project.

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors with a 3.00 GPA in Software Engineering, Software Development, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related
At least 8 years of direct experience designing software for high reliability embedded systems. Experience in working with hardware preferred
Must be able to work independently and in project team environments
Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail
Must be an embedded systems software designer/developer, have experience with real time operating systems, and be familiar with the design of real-time systems. Proficiency in C/C++ for embedded systems, including algorithm and data structure design required
Experience with networking/socket programming and Python, as well as, familiarity with VxWorks, embedded Linux, RTEMS OS for embedded systems
Interest and/or experience in working with hardware and direct space flight design experience a plus
Excellent Communication Skills and the ability to thrive in a collaborative team environment
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas | Austin, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Space Science & Engineering home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
348,"Senior Data Analyst, Project Controls","$66k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Under the direction of the Senior Manager of Project Controls, the Senior Data Analyst will develop reporting, analyze, evaluate and forecast project controls data. The analyst will also collaborate across San Manuel Band of Mission Indians (SMBMI) & San Manuel Casino (SMC) business operations to gather requirements for report development and/or in depth analysis. Will share activities with project controls team and grow the Project Controls department analytics/BI and process initiatives. The Senior Data Analyst will be required to use independent judgment, provide report and recommendations to Project Controls leadership team.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities

1. Responsible for project financial planning and forecasting, report development and automation with visualizations software.

2. Develop automated reporting and adhoc reporting for Project Controls team and leadership as needed (SAS Enterprise Guide).

3. Meets with Project Controls team as necessary to provide information and address departmental issues, such as system interruptions or critical data integrity issues.

4. Define and gather information from Financial system of record as needed to enhance the Project Controls Data Structures.

5. Perform duties such as: validating, financial capital planning, cash flow analytics, break even analysis, creating KPIs, and tracking methodologies.

6. Provide guidance and lead information gathering sessions with Project Managers in adherence to approved project controls policy and procedures.

7. Work closely with Project Managers, Procurement Managers, Financial Analysts, Legal, Finance/Accounting, and Data Services to ensure timely approvals.

8. Perform other duties as assigned to support the efficient operation of the department.

Education/Experience/Qualifications
Bachelors degree in finance, accounting, auditing, or related field required.
Minimum of five (5) years of analytical experience is required.
Demonstrated experience working with relational databases and enterprise reporting tools required.
Experience with software programs Tableau and Lawson is preferred.
Equivalent combination of education and progressive, relevant and direct experience may be considered in lieu of minimum educational/experience requirements indicated above.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Access is required.
Employee must have experience demonstrating the utmost discretion and confidentiality.
Certificates/Licenses/Registrations
At the discretion of the San Manuel Tribal Gaming Commission you may be required to obtain and maintain a gaming license.
A qualified candidate/employee must have a valid drivers license with an acceptable driving record as determined by the companys insurance carrier.
San Manuel Band of Mission Indians and San Manuel Casino will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990

As one of the largest private employers in the Inland Empire, San Manuel deeply cares about the future, growth and well-being of its employees. Join our team today!",3.3,"San Manuel Band of Mission Indians
3.3","Highland, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Government,Federal Agencies,Government,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
349,Epitaxy Scientist,"$40k-$88k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Responsibilities
Develop, optimize and characterize III-nitride LED epi structures
Improve epi material quality and LED performance
Analyze growth and characterization data and correlate to device performance
Lead epi development projects to improve epi and chip yield
Summarize R&D results and prepare reports
Transfer new developments to production
Make recommendations for new/improved characterization techniques to solve material and device issues
Make suggestions for MOCVD hardware improvements
Other duties as assigned
Minimum Requirements
PhD/MS in Material Science, Electrical Engineering or other related science or engineering discipline
PhD with 2+ years or MS with 5+ years of hands-on experience with MOCVD nitride epitaxy and material characterization techniques (XRD, AFM, SEM, TEM, PL, etc.)
Strong background in semiconductor material science and epitaxial growth
US Citizen or Permanent Resident
Skill Requirements
Strong self initiative and motivation
Must be organized, detailed, and thorough
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Ability to summarize data and prepare reports
EEO Statement

Sensor Electronic Technology, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be provided equal consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, genetic information, military status, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or protected veteran status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
SETi
Company's Facebook page:
SETi
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"Sensor Electronic Technology, Inc
3.1","Columbia, SC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
350,Senior Data Scientist (Remote-friendly),"$93k-$154k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Noom, we use scientifically proven methods to help our users create healthier lifestyles, and manage important conditions like Type-II Diabetes, Obesity, and Hypertension. Our Engineering team is at the forefront of this challenge, solving complex technical and UX problems on our mobile apps that center around habits, behavior, and lifestyle.

We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our Data team and help us ensure that we apply the best approaches to data analysis and research, artificial intelligence, and machine learning.
What You’ll Like About Us: *
We work on problems that affect the lives of real people. Our users depend on us to make positive changes to their health and their lives.
We base our work on scientifically-proven, peer-reviewed methodologies that are designed by medical professionals.
We are a data-driven company through and through.
We’re a respectful, diverse, and dynamic environment in which Engineering is a first-class citizen, and where you’ll be able to work on a variety of interesting problems that affect the lives of real people.
We offer a generous budget for personal development expenses like training courses, conferences, and books.
You’ll get three weeks’ paid vacation and a flexible work policy that is remote- and family-friendly (about 50% of our engineering team is fully remote). We worry about results, not time spent in seats.
Delicious (and nutritious) daily lunches and snacks prepared by Sam, our NYC office on-site chef.
What We’ll Like About You: *
You have 4+ years of experience as a Data Scientist in a similarly-sized organization, with a proven record of analysis and research that positively impacts your team.
You have a superior knowledge of statistical analysis methods, such as input selection, logistic and standard regression, random forests, etc.
You have extensive experience with pandas, numpy, and sklearn. Experience with deep learning frameworks (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, or similar) is a plus
You are capable of working with engineers to build an actual production system that uses machine learning and artificial intelligence. We don’t expect you to write production-quality code, but you should have some programming experience.
You are comfortable with at least “medium data” technologies and how to transcend the “memory bound” nature of most analytics tools.
You possess excellent SQL/relational algebra skills, ideally with at least a basic knowledge of how different types of databases (e.g.: column vs row storage) work.
You possess excellent communication skills and the ability to clearly communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Relocation assistance",4.5,"Noom Inc.
4.5","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2008,Company - Private,"Health, Beauty, & Fitness",Consumer Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
351,Data Scientist / Data Automation Engineer,"$110k-$178k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JSR is a global leader in material sciences and chemical engineering committed to contributing to social good by supplying materials to serve future generations and providing new value today for our customers and society in the areas of digital solutions, life sciences, elastomers, and next generation solutions.

We value Innovation, Quality, Customers, and People! JSR combines a deep Japanese heritage of materials innovation, with speed propelled by our strong customer partnerships with premier tech & life sciences companies. Are you interested in taking JSR and your career to the next stage?
The Opportunity*
The role of the successful candidate is to accelerate the technology and product development cycles through focused automation initiatives. This engineer will lead cross functional teams to develop tools and applications to manage data from multiple chemical manufacturing sites as well as quality and development data to enable proactive process management and system troubleshooting.
Collaborates with the Manufacturing teams and Digital Transformation Office to develop product roadmaps in the digital space.
Works closely with technology development, product design teams and IT teams to rapidly establish the data science infrastructure necessary to meet the above goals
Communication of project updates including status, needs, and risks throughout the management chain.
Establish Way-of-Working guidelines and deliver communication and training sessions to ensure seamless implementation of the automation framework.
About You*
7+ years plus B.S. or 5+ years with M.S. desired
B.S. degree in Engineering, Data Science, Material Science, or equivalent. M.S. a plus
Experience in chemical processing, organic chemistry, and analytical chemistry a plus
Proficiency and experience with Solution Focused Thinking - evaluating current problem patterns and devising a workable plan/process/solution
Experience working in an Agile environment.
Excellent data analysis proficiency required. Ability to do data manipulation via basic scripting techniques, macros or programming languages (_i.e._, Python) is preferred.
Knowledge of chemical processes and basic chemical structures, reactions and interactions needed to tie data into current troubleshooting or experimental work.
Proficiency and experience with Statistical Process Control (SPC) needed.
Strong computer skills essential – JMP, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, database and statistical software experience highly desired.
Detail-oriented and strong organizational skills. Quick problem-solving skills, able to communicate in-depth to customers, internal and external.
Experience in working within a cross-functional team is necessary.
Here's More of What You'll Be Doing*
Work safely by observing safety rules, policies and procedures. Identify unsafe conditions or actions to the immediate supervisor.
Perform analyses and report results with minimal supervision.
Identify and execute improvements to existing quality procedures for data analytics, following guidelines on accuracy and validation
Act as Product Owner for development of digital solutions that assist in more efficient and effective issue resolution.
Do deep, wide and detailed data analysis using existing across a variety of platforms (databases, LIMS, other operational flows).
Work on and resolve various issues with data sets, including standardization of values, units and naming conventions, as well as bigger problems with current calculation methods and any underlying assumptions behind the calculations.
Initiate and perform a variety of analyses and recommend statistically designed experiments to address customer issues with general instructions.
Maintain and verify reliability of calculation methods, language or programming behind current macros or other scripts for data analysis.
Create reports and group presentations using Excel, Access, JMP and PowerPoint, to communicate data to other teams – Production, Quality Control, R&D, Sales and Management.
Independently design experiments using statistical methods (Does) towards developing and optimizing new test methods for products and raw materials and facilitate the implementation of these procedures by educating and assisting other members of the Data Automation Team.
Work in a team environment, especially the cross-departmental Data Automation Team (Cleans Engineering, Quality Control, Production, Litho Engineering, Sales, Logistics and Materials).
Make suggestions to management for improving this position or improving work processes
JSR is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.

\\*\\*Recruitment agencies/Headhunter do not submit resumes/CVs through our Web site or directly to managers. JSR will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with JSR. JSR do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. \\*\\*

Location: 1280 North Mathilda Avenue

Job Type: Full-time",3.8,"JSR Micro
3.8","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
352,Sr. Data Visualization Developer,"$70k-$119k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Axle Informatics is a bioinformatics and information technology company that offers innovative computer services, informatics, and enterprise solutions to research centers and healthcare organizations around the globe. With experts in software engineering, bioinformatics and program management, we focus on developing and applying technology tools and techniques to empower decision-making and accelerate the discovery in translational research. We work with some of the top research organizations and facilities in the country including multiple institutes at the National Institutes of health (NIH)

Overview

We are looking for a Sr. Data Visualization Developer with a Front-End Developer experience and extensive D3.JS and/or WebGL experience to support projects at the NIH. The position will be based in Rockville, Maryland. We are looking for a skilled and motivated developer with expertise in interactive graphical representation of large data and/or streaming data for 2D and 3D visualizations. The successful applicant will be involved with developing user interfaces and data visualization tools from data acquired in collaboration with scientists, biologists, and/or clinicians across the NIH.

Responsibilities
5+ years of experience in web-based user-interface design and development.
Experience building large-scale, reactive web UI frontends:
UI design using HTML5, CSS, etc.
Javascript frameworks (e.g. React, Vue.js, Aurelia, Angular, etc).
Javascript build and bundling tools (gulp, webpack, requirejs, jspm, yarn).
Building interactive graphs using D3.js libraries.
Building interactive visualizations using WebGL or WebGL based (ie. Deck.GL) libraries.
Finding and integrating custom components in a chosen framework as well as building one from scratch when needed.
Defining API needs for the client.
Troubleshooting web applications.
Using debug tools such as Chrome developer tools.
Finding fixing bugs, cross browser issues, performance issues.
Use of message-bus architectures and message queue implementations in a web UI ( http2, websockets, wamp, websockets, server sent events, stomp).
Candidates must be comfortable working with:
Linux and MacOS operating systems.
A ticket system such as Jira.
A team documentation system such as Confluence.
Source control (git), collaboration tools.
Agile and scrum workflows.
Preferred
Experience with any/all of the following: Plotly Javascript, ParaViewWeb, Tau Charts, C3.js, Nvd3, and/or ReCharts
Experience with any/all of the following: WebGL1.0/2.0, Deck.gl, Luma.gl, three.js, xeo.gl, stack.gl, wgpu, and dawn.
Experience with container (e.g. Docker) technologies.
Experience with build and deployment tools (ie. npm, Jenkins, TravisCL).
Listed examples of open-source work (e.g. GitHub) .
Experience developing for mobile platforms (native or web-based applications) .
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree plus 2 years of experience in UI designing, or master’s degree.
3-6 years developing and designing visualization platforms.
Strong knowledge and experience with D3.js and/or WebGL.
Excellent communication skills and ability to work in a team environment.
Benefits

Paid Time Off (PTO)
10 Paid Federal holidays
Generous health coverage provided with no monthly premium to the employee
Generous vision and dental coverage provided with no monthly premium to the employee
Short and Long-Term Disability coverage (paid by company)
Basic Life and AD&D coverage (paid by company; option to purchase additional coverage)
401(K) with significant company match and no vesting period
Competitive salaries with performance bonus opportunities
Discount plan for legal services & identify theft protection
Flexible Spending Accounts:
Healthcare (FSA)
Parking Reimbursement Account (PRK)
Dependent Care Assistant Program (DCAP)
Transportation Reimbursement Account (TRN)


The diversity of Axle’s employees is a tremendous asset. We are firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment based age, race, gender, religion, national origin, disability, marital status, covered veteran status, sexual orientation, status with respect to public assistance, and other characteristics protected under state, federal, or local law and to deter those who aid, abet, or induce discrimination or coerce others to discriminate.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $55.00 - $67.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
UI designing: 1 year (Preferred)
developing & designing visualization platforms: 3 years (Preferred)
Deck.gl, Luma.gl, three.js, xeo.gl, stack.gl, wgpu: 1 year (Preferred)
container (e.g. Docker) technologies: 1 year (Preferred)
D3.js and/or WebGL: 1 year (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)",3.9,"Axle Informatics
3.9","Rockville, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
353,MANAGING CONSULTANT– DATA ANALYTICS TEAM,"$50k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","MANAGING CONSULTANT– DATA ANALYTICS TEAM


Opinion Dynamics seeks a new team member to join our Data Analytics team. This person will act as a Technical Lead to drive innovative thinking, methodologies, and data analytics approaches in the energy space. The Data Analytics group is a dynamic and tightly knit team of individuals from a range of backgrounds working closely together on analytically challenging and methodologically innovative consulting, advising, and research projects to support energy efficiency, distributed energy resources, and grid-focused needs. Our ideal candidate will be adept at both performing complex modeling and analytic tasks and acting as a technical lead on data analytics projects, advising and mentoring staff on analytic approaches as well as performing quality control and assurance. A successful candidate will be able to thrive and perform effectively in an agile and dynamic environment of a consulting firm and is excited to work with a multidisciplinary team of data scientists, statisticians, data analysts, and programmers.

Opinion Dynamics is known for the excellence of our team and our commitment to a corporate culture that fosters innovative thought, growth and enrichment opportunities, passionate employees, collegiality and collaboration.

What we are looking for in an ideal candidate
Demonstrated experience in the energy field, especially in Energy Efficiency, Demand Response, and Distributed Energy Resources
Minimum Bachelor’s degree in engineering, quantitative social science, statistics, political science, economics, computer or data science, or related field
Advanced analytics and modeling skills/data science, including model evaluation and validation best practices
4-6 years of experience working on quantitative data analysis, including econometric modeling or data science, ideally in a consulting environment
Strong programming skills in Python (including the usual data science stack)
Expertise with data engineering in the context of advanced analytical modeling
Highly motivated, with a demonstrated track-record of thinking critically about your work and clearly communicating with other project staff and managers about your work
Strong written and oral communication skills, including the ability to communicate with clients. Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Strong record of guiding teams and managing projects of various levels of analytic complexity, including client management, budget management, and management of staff hours
Ability to juggle and prioritize multiple tasks and deadlines simultaneously and flexibly
Experience with cloud-based infrastructure for large data management
Additional qualifications of value
Master’s or PhD in statistics, economics, engineering, or related field. An advanced degree and substantial coursework in statistics or data science is a strong plus
Programming skills in other programming languages (R, Java, SQL etc.)
Experience with version control software (e.g. Git) and collaborative code development
Experience with data science and machine learning methods
Experience with experimental and sample design
Demonstrated aptitude with data visualization tools and techniques (e.g. PowerBI, Tableau)
Experience working on a collaborative, cross-functional team
Location

Preferred: Waltham, MA (Company headquarters)

Other locations across Continental United States will be considered.

Submit Your Resume and Cover Letter to the Following Address

CareersMA@opiniondynamics.com

About Opinion Dynamics Corporation

Opinion Dynamics advances knowledge to address emerging energy and social issues

through sound and insightful research. Our inter-disciplinary team of consultants provides actionable research to support the needs of our clients, which include electric and gas utilities, regulators, and stakeholders. Our research and consulting services inform program planning and design, performance assessment, and optimization of energy efficiency, demand response, and distributed energy resources programs. Our company fosters innovative thought, collegiality and growth opportunities for our employees. The Data Analytics Group within Opinion Dynamics is especially focused on taking a data-driven approach to answering complex technical questions.

How to Apply:

To be considered for this position, please submit your cover letter (required) and resume with “Data Analytics Technical Lead” in the subject line. If contacted, please be prepared to complete analytical tests as part of the interviewing process; provide data analysis and writing samples that clearly demonstrate your experience and aptitude in the areas outlined above; as well as supply two or more references who can speak to your experience, work orientation, and work ethic.

No phone calls, please. Only those resumes accompanied by a cover letter will be considered. Opinion Dynamics is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer.

Responsibilities
Qualifications


To be considered for this position, please send your cover letter and resume to:

Careers: Managing Consultant- Data Analytics Team

careersMA@opiniondynamics.com

Please submit a cover letter and resume to CareersCA@opiniondynamics.com.

No phone calls, please. Only those resumes accompanied by a cover letter will be considered. Opinion Dynamics will not provide sponsorship for work authorization for this position. Opinion Dynamics is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer.",4.2,"Opinion Dynamics
4.2","Waltham, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
354,Data Engineer,"$88k-$150k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Maxar is seeking a Data Engineer to join our team. We use quick iteration and regular feedback to prototype for our government customers before ultimately discovering the perfect fit. We embed our Data Engineers with analytic teams to create dynamic and flexible data storage solutions that can be queried in a wide variety of ways.

Life with Us

Project:
Were collecting and aggregating feature data from many different sources in order to model a spatial distribution. We use Apache NiFi and need a skilled developer to create and monitor inputs and implement streaming data enrichments for our analytic workflows.
The team is currently well-sorted with regards to geospatial tools and techniques, but to round out the team properly we need someone to help accelerate our backend development timelines.

Career:
Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor and/or a mentor to set appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.
Dedicated professional development time; conference attendance; corporate partner and industry training; peer groups; paid certifications; education reimbursement; student loan forgiveness; hackathons! And much more

Day-to-day with your colleague:
Youll be developing data pipelines and analytic enhancements. These transformations are used to facilitate greater workforce performance by:
Encouraging further analytic exploration.
Structuring data for use by multiple applications.
Enabling potential in the workforce that is otherwise stifled by imperfect technologies.
We work in very Lean Agile environment without the overhead associated with traditional Scrum. Weve eliminated unnecessary development meetings and we love it!

Responsibilities:

Meet with the customer to understand and refine the requirements.
Use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations.
Understand the workflow of the project.
Work with the customer to implement any requested updates.
Move data storage to RDS.
Work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant.
Compile security controls and artifacts.
Contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a U.S. Citizen and have a TS/SCI security clearance with Polygraph.
Bachelor's degree in Geography or related field.
5 years of relevant, professional experience.
Experience automating workflows using Python Experience with SQL and/or PostgreSQL/PostGIS.
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality Ability to communicate analysis to experts and laypersons alike.

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS or willingness to learn.
Experience using Python with spatial data.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
355,Data Scientist II,"$56k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Nolij Consulting LLC is a certified Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) that provides information technology services in test and evaluation (T&E), enterprise architecture (EA), electronic health record (EHR) modernization, infrastructure operations and maintenance (O&M), data analytics and visualization, and agile transformation. Our mission is to understand the challenges and goals of our clients, address them with innovative solutions, and work together to achieve project success. Were eager to hear from candidates like you that can join and contribute to our team.

Nolij Consulting has an opening for a Data Scientist II to join our team based in Vienna, VA.

Responsibilities:
Must be able to design, modify, develop, write and implement software programming applications.
Must be able to support and/or install software applications/operating systems.
Must be able to participate in the testing process through test reviews and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software.
Must be able to design, plan, and coordinate work teams.
Must be able to provides technical support to project team members.
Must be familiar with a variety of the field concepts, practices, and procedures.
Must be able to rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Must be able to perform a variety of tasks.
Must be able to lead and direct the work of others.
Must exhibit a wide degree of creativity and latitude.
Must typically be able to report to a head of a unit/department
Requirements:
Required a bachelor's degree in science or a related area.
Required 6-8 years of experience in the field.
Note: Since this position is for a Federal Project, a candidate must possess US Citizenship to obtain Clearance.
Do you like the idea of being a driver on a team of distinction? If so, we want to hear from you. To apply, go to https://www.nolijconsulting.com/careers/

Nolij is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer and encourages all qualified applicants to apply.",4.1,"Nolij Consulting
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
356,Data Engineer (3+ years),"$56k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What’s in it for you?
Vectorworks Inc. is a global software product company targeting entertainment, architecture and landscape industries with enterprising and intuitive solutions that allow users to create unique designs. We are looking for a Data Engineer to build, maintain, and refine our data pipelines to generate detailed metrics and reports of our software. This person will work as part of our software engineering team.
It’s an exciting time to join the Vectorworks family, and if you are looking for an opportunity to have a lasting impact on a growing team, we hope you’ll take the time to learn more about this opportunity!

In this role, you should expect to:
Build and maintain our data infrastructure
Utilize understanding of ETL principles
Exhibit a proficiency in Python and AWS analytic stack (especially S3, RDS, RS, EMR, EC2, Lambda)
Work closely with engineering and other teams to organize and extract data for analysis
Why do you want this job? Because you are:
A self-starter who is motivated to take ownership of projects and drive tasks to completion with minimal supervision
Able to provide direction and identify new areas where data can be applied to improve software and business decision making
Looking for an opportunity where you can grow and move forward with the latest trends in big data technology
Enthusiastic about improving existing data systems and adapting them to be more powerful, usable, and robust.

Why do we want you? Because you have:
A Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related field
A minimum of 3 years’ experience developing data pipelines
Solid understanding of ETL principles and how to apply them
Proficiency in Python, SQL, Spark, and Unix shell
Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to communicate across business areas
The ability to work in a fast-paced and agile development environment
Strong interest in learning and using the latest technologies
Extra Credit:
Experience with Kibana, Redshift, and Tableau Software
Hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies, ranging from front-end user interface to back-end systems as well as all points in between
Experience with distributed computing, NoSQL, and Flask
Familiarity with software logging
Vectorworks Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer",3.1,"Vectorworks
3.1","Columbia, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1985,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
357,Data Scientist,-1,"Why Should You Join First Advantage?

First Advantage is in the midst of a technology revolution, and the best time to join us is right now! We are developing incredible solutions, working with amazing customers, and we would love to see how your skills could help get people back to work. Our brand new Data team is recruiting several passionate people in greater metropolitan areas across the Central and Eastern time zones (namely Chicago, Atlanta, Charlotte, Austin, Boston, Houston, Columbus, Tampa, etc) in the US! This opportunity is for remote work, with occasional travel to our Atlanta office.

First Advantage has over 4000 employees across the world and does over 71 million background screens a year, so if you’re looking for opportunities working with advanced technologies to produce awesome user experiences and securely process high-volume transactions leveraging massive amounts of data, then this is the place for you!

We work with Fortune 100 and Global 500 hundred companies, so your work will directly impact some of the largest enterprises in the world!

We need talent that is Informed, Insightful, Transformational, and Progressive

We’re looking for a Data Scientist! You’re our ideal candidate if you have 8+ years of experience and strong expertise with SQL/Oracle PLSQL, and 3+ years of experience working with data modelling tools like Python, RStudio, TensorFlow, etc. The Data Scientist will be working with business and technical teams to develop machine-learning models for FADV’s background screening products. We’re looking for someone who can do the deeply analytical work, while also presenting their work to internal and external customers. If you meet those requirements, and have experience working with Business Intelligence tools, you could be a perfect fit!

Our brand new Data team have the opportunity to build a game-changing solution from the ground up, and that solution will drive the next generation of background screening. Joining our team right now is an incredible opportunity to be on the ground floor of our technology transformation, and will give you a chance to make a real difference!

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor degree in Engineering or equivalent is required
Minimum of 8 years of strong experience and expertise with SQL/Oracle PLSQL
Minimum of 3+ years of experience working with Data Modelling tools using Pyton, RStudio, TensorFlow etc
Strong data analytics and data science skills
Experience with Analytical programming languages using R/Python libraries
Strong experience in Relational Databases and Big Data analytics in the cloud is preferred
Knowledge of other BI tools like Qlik, Oracle Business Intelligence, SQL Server Reporting, Cognos would be a plus
Candidate must have Strong communication skills and creative skills
Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related technical field or equivalent relevant work experience
Experience:
Minimum of 8 years of strong experience and expertise with SQL/Oracle PLSQL , Perl, Shell scripting
Minimum of 5+ years of experience working with data modelling & database designs
Other Knowledge, Skills, Abilities or Certifications:
Strong data analytics and data science skills
Strong experience with end to end automation
Experience with bulk data loading & data cleansing
Experience working with Oracle, MySQL databases and Linux environments
Experience with Analytical programming languages using R/Python libraries would be a plus
Strong experience in Relations Database and Big Data analytics preferred
Candidate must have Strong communication skills and creative skills",3.5,"First Advantage Corporation
3.5",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
358,Research Scientist (Computational Biology),"$82k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","IDL-US works on the state-of-the-art deep generative models for natural language / speech / music. In particular, we are interested in the novel architecture & methodology for modeling very long sequence. The applications include language modeling with long context, music generation etc.

Job Duties:

Conduct cutting-edge research by applying advanced AI technologies in the computational biology and biomedical field. Strengthen the position of Baidu as a leading company in AI research. Conduct research on protein structure prediction, protein design, and AI-powered drug discovery. Compete with top computational research teams and publish peer reviewed articles in top journals and publications.

Qualifications:
PhD degree in computer science, computational biology, bioinformatics or related fields.
Must have experience in each of the following:
Strong skills in algorithms and coding;
At least two (2) years of experience in deep learning;
Published papers in top conferences or journals;
Research experience in computational biology.
Development experience in C++.
Culture Fit:
Mission alignment: If you want to be part of a team to accomplish this great mission, we will provide you the best possible platform to do that.
Self­-directed: We work best with people that are driven, motivated, and aspire to greatness. Are you the sort of person that, if you had time on your hands, will independently find interesting and useful things to do?
Hungry to learn: We are eager to see you learn new skills and grow. But learning is hard work and this is something we hope you want to do.
Team orientation: We work in small, fast­-moving teams. We don't believe in lone wolves. We watch out for each other and go after big goals together as a team.",4.1,"Baidu USA
4.1","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
359,Senior Data Scientist,"$113k-$183k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The ultimate source for official answers about a business online should be the business itself. However, when consumers ask questions on company websites, too often they are left in the dark with wrong answers. Yext (NYSE: YEXT), the Search Experience Cloud, solves this problem by organizing a business's facts so it can provide official answers to consumer questions — wherever people search. Starting with the company website, then extending across search engines and voice assistants, businesses around the world, like Taco Bell, Marriott, and Jaguar Land Rover—as well as organizations like the U.S. State Department—trust Yext to radically improve the search experience on their websites and across the entire search ecosystem.

As a Senior Data Scientist you will shape how data is collected, transformed, and leveraged to develop essential new capabilities and features for Yext's products. We manage large amounts of structured master data on behalf of some of the world's largest companies and collect transactional data through end-user-facing applications we host directly for these clients. Our mission revolves around deeply understanding user intent so we can deliver relevant and accurate answers to questions, everywhere people search.

Yext clients cover a tremendous breadth of industries. We are seeking data scientists excited to discover opportunities in data across a wide variety of business domains. You will work collaboratively with cross-team partners in software engineering, product management, and strategy. This approach will allow you to participate fully in the product development lifecycle and make pragmatic decisions about the design, training, and deployment of machine learning models driving key product features.

What You'll Do
Partner with product management and engineering teams throughout the product development lifecycle
Solve ""full stack"" Data Science problems – Implement solutions to a data science problem in a production environment, coping with all the challenges (such as data cleanliness, performance, unexpected feedback loops, and concept drift) that arise
Articulate Data Science and machine learning concepts to a variety of audiences (product managers, software engineers, executives, sales partners)
Mentor junior team members, provide technical leadership and execution guidance
Dive deep into the details when called for while demonstrating good judgement about when to simplify and prioritize
What You Have
Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline, e.g., computer science, mathematics, business analytics, statistics, applied mathematics, economics, or operations research, or similar college level education
5+ years of work experience working in a technical role
Autodidactic, Self directed – You are able to dive into a new unfamiliar problem domain and start learning about it – You are comfortable with uncertainty and project evolution
Effective communicator, a good writer, and know effective means of visually displaying quantitative information
Experience leading cross-functional agile work streams and scaling data-driven initiatives
Fluency with data analysis software and tools such as Python and SQL
Exceptional multi-tasking, project management, and leadership skills
Bonus Points
Experience with JVM languages (Java, Scala) a plus. GoLang or C++ also great!
Experience with AWS, Linux and Mac environments
Excellent ability to cope with ""glue"" problems - shell scripting, debugging python environment problems, fixing broken packages
Knowledge of Python or R, and the machine learning, data processing and visualization packages (e.g. Pandas, Numpy, scikit-learn, Matplotlib)
Knowledge of SQL and databases like MySQL, Postgres, Presto and Hive.
Knowledge of neural network packages (TensorFlow, PyTorch) and state-of-the-art transformer/NLP models and techniques (e.g. FastText, BERT, et al.)
Knowledge of statistics and good experimental practices (e.g. how to run a powerful A/B test and test for significance)
Knowledge of techniques in unsupervised machine learning and information retrieval and mining (e.g. DBSCAN, k-Means, indexes)
Yext is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, genetics, sex, pregnancy or childbirth, sexual orientation, gender (including gender identity or nonbinary or nonconformity and/or status as a trans individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, marital, parental and/or familial status, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any characteristic protected under applicable law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

#LI-JP1",4.2,"Yext
4.2","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
360,Research and Development Scientist,-1,"Research and Development Scientist*
_Pathodiagnostics (PathoDx) is a passionate team of medical doctors and scientists who have created an affordable open-based PCR platform to identify pathogens. Our current mission is to see PCR used to rapidly identify pathogens so researchers and clinicians can combat antibiotic resistance by sharing our vision of antibiotic stewardship. Our vision of antibiotic stewardship starts with rapid, accurate, pathogen identification._
Job Summary: *
The Research and Development Scientist will be tasked with the development and implementation of our laboratory assays. The preferred candidate will have significant experience developing real-time PCR and/or sequencing experiments. This person will report directly to the Senior Scientist.
Note: All applicants are required to complete the Culture Index survey, along with submitting a resume, prior to being considered for this position. Please copy and paste the below link into your browser's address bar to view the survey and complete the application process.*
https://www.cindexinc.com/c/4C3CCD

Job Responsibilities* :
Act as the technical project leader for multiple projects
Provide updates, reviews and evaluates data
Write reports and protocols
Oversee and actively participates in the design and execution of all aspects of assay development and validation for molecular real-time PCR projects
Conduct and provide technical guidance on scientific method development and validation projects
Perform troubleshooting for instruments, methods, and procedures
Contribute to the development and improvement of laboratory processes and procedures
May be required to maintain and calibrate instruments and/or equipment
Participate in routine laboratory tasks
Provide support to other laboratory staff
Other duties as assigned
Job Requirements: *
Extensive assay development knowledge and experience with multiplex qualitative and or quantitative RT-PCR molecular tests
Cloning and protein expression experience preferred
Strong experience in literature review and bioinformatics
Experience with sequencing platforms and techniques (NGS, pyrosequencing, Sanger, MALDI-TOF) preferred
Experience with automated liquid handling platforms preferred
Knowledge of clinical laboratory regulations (CLIA, COLA, CAP)
Knowledge and experience with the FDA process preferred
Must possess proficient problem-solving abilities, time management, and project management skills.
Education and Experience: *
PhD and previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable 4-6+ years)
Master’s degree and previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable 6-8+ years) *Benefits: * We offer our employees a competitive salary plus a comprehensive benefits package including:
Medical, Dental, and Vision Healthcare Plans
Retirement Plan
Generous Paid-Time Off
Note: All applicants are required to complete the Culture Index survey, along with submitting a resume, prior to being considered for this position. Please copy and paste the below link into your browser's address bar to view the survey and complete the application process.*
https://www.cindexinc.com/c/4C3CCD

_All prospective employees and rehires are required to submit to a drug test once a conditional offer of employment has been extended and accepted. The screening will be conducted in compliance with our Drug-Free Workplace Policy. This job description forms the basic requirements of your employment. This is not an exhaustive list and there may be occasions when you are required to perform duties outside the scope of your job description._

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Real-Time PCR: 4 years (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off",-1,Pathodiagnostics,"Birmingham, AL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
361,DOD Data Scientist/Engineer - Junior,"$66k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.

Responsibilities

In the position of Data Scientist, the incumbent will support the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) in a once-in-a-generation digital transformation, driving change and devising how data can be integrated, controlled, distributed, and accessed by programs, business units and operators across the enterprise. Guidehouse is seeking an enthusiastic data scientist with the desire to harness data through the application of data science principles, tools, and methods and to share this knowledge as a mentor and coach for others. The individual will support the NAVAIR Digital Group in establishing practical and applied data science practices at NAVAIR, and in solving complex problems that have data driven solutions. This individual will additionally mentor and instruct employees during this process with the goal or sharing their knowledge and growing the data science skill base in Southern Maryland at Patuxent River.

Qualifications

Security Clearance:

Must have an Active Secret Clearance or above.

Responsibilities

Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of data structures and metrics advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.
Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess product improvement.
Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.

Required Skills

Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).
Experience in one or more functional programming languages, especially Java or Python.
Able to clearly communicate (speaking and writing) technical concepts to a non-technical audience.
Experience with data engineering and data security practices.
Experience managing, unifying, and automating dataflows from disparate sources

Required Experience

Bachelors Degree preferred. Heavy preference given to Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Information Science, or a similar quantitative field.
Associate’s Degree plus 4 years’ additional work experience or demonstrated specialized expertise may be substituted for a Bachelor’s Degree
1 to 3 years of programming experience with the ability to write / maintain scripts in Python (or other scripting languages)
Understanding of SQL
Working knowledge of data format conversion
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team.
Strong problem solving skills.
Ability to maintain a US DoD Secret Security clearance throughout employment.

Desired Experience

Experience working on agile programs + Experience with agile tools such as JIRA and Confluence
Understanding of cloud architecture + Experience working with NoSQL databases
2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).
Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).

Additional Requirements

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.

Disclaimer

About Guidehouse

Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.

Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.

If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.

Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.

Rewards and Benefits

Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.

Benefits include:

Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance

Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays

Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance

401(k) Retirement Plan

Basic Life & Supplemental Life

Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts

Short-Term & Long-Term Disability

Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities

Skills Development & Certifications

Employee Referral Program

Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach

Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program",3.5,"Guidehouse
3.5","Patuxent River, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
362,"Business Intelligence Analyst, Sales","$47k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Dosh:
We have created the fastest growing card-linked offer platform that automatically puts cash into the wallets of millions of consumers whenever they shop, dine and book hotels. Through our vision to democratize advertising for the benefit of people everywhere, we connect leading brands and merchants directly to consumers, driving customers in-store and online to purchase more often, spend more and socially share the brands they engage with, creating new customer acquisition. Dosh is built on the mission to positively impact people's lives by moving billions of dollars to millions of people.

Impact:

The Analytics team is hiring a Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst, Sales to drive insights through collaborative partnerships with business stakeholders. Our Analysts live and breathe data. You will be knowledgeable about designing and developing insightful analyses to answer business questions. You will directly interface with the analytics/data science team to discover visualization methods to present advanced analytics data. You will build dashboards, reports, visualizations, algorithms, and tools to solve interesting business problems. You want this job if: 1) you are a highly analytical thinker who enjoys solving complex problems using expert coding and visualization skills, 2) can identify problems in complex data, 3) love working with people, and 4) excel at explaining data driven insights to influence business strategy.

Responsibilities:
SQL Coding for reports, dashboards, and visualizations. Using Python (or R) to help your stakeholders improve their performance, and sometimes designing algorithms to decipher deeper why and how questions.
Understanding your business stakeholders’ objectives, the metrics that are the most important to them, and how they measure their performance.
Turning business requirements into technical requirements.
Finding and understanding the correct data sources for a given analysis.
Iterating based on stakeholder feedback.
Visualizing complex analysis.
Learning from, and sharing knowledge and skills with your teammates to grow BI’s total impact to the organization.
What you will bring:
Bachelor of Science in math, statistics, computer science, or equivalent technical field. Master of Science in any of the aforementioned fields, preferred.
2+ years of industry and client consulting experience in a data science, business analytics, business intelligence, or comparable data engineering role.
2+ years of experience using SQL to write complex, highly-optimized queries across large volumes of data.
Experience with Tableau or equivalent to create impactful reports, visualizations, and interactive dashboards.
Experience in report development, data warehousing, as well as BI tools, techniques, and technology
Experience using Python or R programming languages, preferred.
Excellent oral and written communication skills, and comfort presenting to everyone from entry-level employees to senior leaders.
Ability to directly connect analytic insights to strategy drivers.
Knowledge of ETL and data warehouse concepts and processes.
Sensitivity to clients' needs and ability to develop warm client relationships.
Curiosity and passion about data, visualization and solving problems.
Creativity to determine the best solution for a real-world problem with quantitative data.
Experience with reporting, descriptive statistics, probability, and cleaning big datasets.
Willingness to question the validity, accuracy of data and assumptions.
Enjoyment from collaborating with others in a team environment.
Eagerness to learn in a fast-paced environment.
Drive and self-reliance.
Dosh Employee Perks:
The opportunity to join us on our mission to positively impact millions of people's lives financially.
A ground floor opportunity with the Dosh team.
The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders.
Fun, driven, innovative and supportive co-workers who will push you to be your best.
Competitive compensation and benefits.
At Dosh we celebrate and support all differences. Dosh is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital, disability & veteran status.",3.6,"Dosh
3.6","Austin, TX",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
363,Data Engineer,-1,"At Phantom AI, experience the fast paced environment and help the development of the next generation of autonomous vehicles. We are seeking a Data Engineer to help our visionary team through building a robust pipeline and handling terabytes of data.
You will be designing and implementing full-stack solutions for computing, storing, and presenting evaluation metrics using data gathered from vehicles. This will be a unique opportunity to both improve and implement a scalable pipeline that will be the backbone of the company.

Responsibilities
· Design, improve, and manage datasets
· Support technical design and implementation of demand planning automation projects that use these datasets
· Monitor and enforce data quality standards
· Hands-on coding, able to implement what was designed
· Familiar with architecting and designing tools, and self-motivated for documentation
· Optimize pipeline performance to reduce data lag and refresh time

Requirements
· 3+ years of experience working in data architecture or a related field
· 3+ years of Python Experience
· Web framework experience
· Experience building and optimizing data sets
· Deep understanding of data architecture best practices such as normalizing data structures, minimizing logic complexity, defining intuitive and consistent semantic layers, and eliminating redundancy
· Self-motivated and strong work ethic for continuous development with a strong sense of ownership

Preferred Skills
· Master’s degree in Computer Science or Data Science or work equivalent experience
· Experience with ROS
· Web development experience
· Hands-on experience in dev-ops best practices and implementations
· Demonstrated industry efficiency in the fields of database, data warehousing or data sciences",5.0,"Phantom AI
5.0","Burlingame, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
364,Senior Data Engineer,"$96k-$171k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description Summary

The Data Engineer will be responsible for engineering and maintaining ETL processes for our Enterprise Data Warehouse platform. This person will design and build data integrations, ETL workflows, dimensional data models, and manage our data warehouse and integration infrastructure that fuels strategic business decisions across the organization. They will partner with business users, BI Analysts, and BI Developers to translate data needs into data structures that can be used to implement analytical solutions. They are passionate about data, thrive in an evolving environment, and bring an enthusiastic and collaborative attitude.

Job Skills and Abilities
Ability to use your analytical skills to translate business ideas into technology solutions
Experience in Agile delivery framework is required
Experience delivering data solutions both on Premise and in the cloud
Must be able to interact with all areas of business
Highly motivated, with a strong interest in finance and solving complex problems
Experience implementing complex ETL data flows in a Data Warehouse
Experience working with distributed external resources and vendor teams (onshore and offshore)
Data Modeling and design including conceptual, logical, and physical modeling
SQL Server, SQL Server Integration Services, Azure Data Services (Data Factory, Data Bricks)
T-SQL, Python, R or similar languages
OLTP/OLAP
TFS and GIT
Understanding of DevOps and CI/CD practices
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Responsibilities

Engineering: 90%
Designs, automates, and manages the acquisition, transformation, and data loading
processes in a data warehouse environment
Manages the automation and operations of a data warehouse loading processes
Architects, designs, and implements state-of-the-art data warehouse architecture
Performs data analysis required to troubleshoot ETL related issues and assist in the
resolution of issues
Analyzes information requirements of customers and support teams and determines
the best technical solutions
Collaborates with business and technical partners to understand and evaluate their
requirements to deliver optimal solutions
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual
processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing ETL processes for greater scalability, etc.
Partners with QA team to ensure data quality throughout the ETL process
Create logical and physical data models in support of data warehousing
Create and manage architecture documentation and project artifacts such as data
models, reference architecture diagrams, ETL data maps, and performance
requirements, etc.
Create standards and conventions for data warehouse and ETL processes
Promotes best practices for leveraging CI/CD to deliver ETL solutions
Mentor and lead other Data Engineers
Due Diligence: 10%
Examine & evaluate new technical products and services
Prototype new solutions
Attend conferences and seminars to sharpen skills with latest technologies
Education

BS/BA or equivalent

Work Experience

5+ years of Data Engineering, ETL or Related Experience",3.8,"Harbourvest
3.8","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
365,Data Science All Star Program - Marketing Analytics Track,-1,"Data Science All Star Program - Marketing Analytics Track

Job Title

Data Science All Star Program - Marketing Analytics Track

Job
ID

27345478

Duration

Location

Columbia,

MD

Other Location

Description

BLEND360 is a multi-award winning Marketing Company who is privileged to provide our services to some of the most respected and recognized brands in the world. At BLEND360 it is all about advancing our clients marketing capabilities and performance.

Our All Stars Program is a 6-month consultant training program for master’s graduates in Analytics, Statistics, and other quantitative programs. Participants will have the opportunity to learn from top Data Scientists, work on real-world analytics projects, and gain experience with Fortune 500 clients across a variety of verticals.

The primary objective of this program is to develop participants into productive, client engaged BLEND360 employees and set the foundation to build a fast track career in one of 4 areas:

Data Science

Data Engineering

Marketing- Adobe Cloud

Marketing Analytics .

The All-Star focused on Marketing Analytics will:

* Work with client to translate Marketing strategy to specific analyses and resulting recommendations

* Work within a fast-paced, action-oriented environment

* Conduct analyses to support the business, across one or more areas of insight

* Present analysis findings and insights to the client Marketing organization

* Develop dashboard reports in Tableau to support the broader set of Marketing stakeholders

* Work with Decisioning platform and enterprise data in an EDW / Analytics Sandbox environment

* Collaborate with data team to configure fact tables that support the broader analytics team

* Collaborate and support other team members with data preparation, vestigation, methodology and development

* Work directly with the client to understand business goals, methodology considerations and timing for analysis and reporting work

Skills:
MS in Markeing Analytics, Business Analytics, or other quantitative field with some experience in Marketing

* Independent thinker, prepared to provide situational analysis and recommendations for moving things forward

* Ability to evaluate customer requirements and modify analyses and deliverables accordingly

* Ability to work closely with colleagues and client teams towards building a collective body of decisioning insights

* Strong knowledge of accessing and analyzing data in a data warehouse environment

* Ability to investigate data (vetting, anomaly detection and resolution, etc.)

* Experience in marketing analytics (CRM/Digital experience a plus)

* Ability to craft data stories through visualizations and derive insights from data

* Strong skills in Excel and data visualization e.g., Tableau, Power BI",4.5,"Blend360
4.5","Columbia, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
366,Associate - Data Science,"$51k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As THE leader in transit technology, Clever Devices' vision is to make meaningful contributions to worldwide mobility. Our goal is to be the leading provider of exciting technology that improves the quality of mobility in communities around the world.

Clever Devices is seeking a recent college graduate with a Data Science degree to join our team. The Associate, Data Science will perform data analysis of Clever Devices customers related to specific products (Clever Reports and R+) specifically as they relate to transportation operations, metrics, and performance measures. This position will work with both internal and external (customers) to develop meaningful analytics that drive business decisions. This role also encompasses support for trouble shooting, report/dashboard building, machine learning, causality, and general data analysis. As this position is customer facing, being customer focused is key.

Primary Responsibilities:
Review and analyze large amounts of raw data and find patterns and extract business insights that will help our customers improve operations.
Assist in writing programs to cleanse data with the purpose of integrating it into operations in a reusable manner.
Implement and validate predictive models, create and maintain statistical models and maintain a focus on big data.
Build partnerships with other departments while working in an Agile and collaborative team setting.
Evaluate results of data models and communicate results to internal and external customers (both technical and non-technical teams).
Skills Required:
B.S in Data Science, Applied Mathematics or related field. Masters degree a plus.
Must be able to clearly communicate across many levels of the organization and have a comfort level interacting with external customers.
Basic and educational level understanding of statistical programming (i.e. Python, R, SAS, MATLAB, etc).
Prior internship or other work experience in a corporate environment.
Basic understanding of technical product development.
Personal or professional interest in public transportation
Powered by JazzHR",3.6,"Clever Devices
3.6","Morrisville, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
367,Senior Data Analyst,"$40k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are

At Christian Care Ministry we believe that Christians can, and should, share in one another's burdens. Through the use of Medi-Share®, a Christian Healthcare Ministry, we cultivate that belief.

The Team

Everyone at Christian Care Ministry agrees to our Statement of Faith which outlines our core beliefs. Although we aren't perfect people, we are serving our perfect God to the best of our ability.

We work hard to serve our members, but know we can only do that if we invest in our employees professionally, financially, physically, and spiritually. Through times of prayer, weekly Chapel services, plenty of professional development, an onsite gym, 401(k) and, great benefits, we purposefully invest in our employees so that our employees can invest in others.

The Role

The Senior Data Analyst conducts statistical analysis and modeling on various datasets across the organization, identifying and presenting actionable analytics and insights to all levels of management. With strong proficiency in several technical coding skillsets, this position is able to write complex, accurate code to extract ministry data for analysis purposes with little supervision. This position also utilizes machine-learning to build models for implementation into production systems that are in line with the business' strategic objectives and values. This role will also demonstrate a good understanding of the business operations and datasets available in the healthcare industry.

In This Role You Will...
Analyze and interprets various types of data across the organization, identifying new metrics for measuring results as well as monitoring current metrics for trends. Ensures that all analysis is actionable for business process owners, enabling leaders of key areas to build, implement and identify solutions to address business performance gaps.
Assists in model development related to pricing and forecasting projects for the ministry.
Support in machine-learning and predictive modeling for various analysis not limited to healthcare cost, care management, sales and marketing, and others as applicable.
Develop and summarize conclusions gained from analyzing data using statistical and visualization tools like Microsoft Excel, SQL, Tableau and others
Builds accurate, complex datasets for use by the ministry, utilizing SQL best practices and adhering to coding standards as set forth by CCM's Data Services team.
Identifies and addresses expected and unforeseen data issues to ensure the accuracy of analytics, ensuring any resulting business decisions are made from accurate findings. In addition, the analyst will work with the data owners/stewards to improve data quality where possible
Effectively communicates and presents relevant findings to all levels of management.
Collaborates effectively inter- and intra-departmentally to assist team in reaching desired outcomes
In This Role You Must Have…
Strong proficiency and knowledge in SQL and Tableau
Strong understanding of modern business analytics technology
Skill in working with large datasets from multiple, seemingly unrelated sources
Advanced Microsoft Office skills including Excel and Powerpoint
Ability to multi-task and work effectively under pressure
Detail-oriented mindset with passion to understand data to ensure accuracy
Ability to effectively and accurately present analytical findings using a variety of tools to senior level management
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to perform complex analysis and make recommendations based on statistical inferences
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to lead in projects and work as a team
Ability to extract internal customer's requirements while assessing if the requested criteria will lead to the expected outcome.
Ability to complete projects on or ahead of schedule
Demonstrated ability to think and work independently
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, information science, engineering, data science or relevant field
2+ years' relevant working experience
Experience working with Healthcare data is required
Experience with statistical modeling tool(s) required",3.2,"Christian Care Ministry
3.2","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
368,Scientist II or Senior Scientist T Cell Biology,"$78k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Precigen is seeking a highly motivated and creativeScientist II or Senior Scientist(level determined by candidate experience)with experience in T cell biology, chimeric antigen receptor generation (CARs) and CAR T cell analysis to join our ImmunoOncology Department in Germantown, Maryland.ImmunoOncology is a rapidly growing and exciting area of cancer therapy, with the promise to revolutionize the way patients are treated.The successful candidate will have an in-depth understanding of T cell biology and immunotherapy.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Apply expertise in T cell immunology and molecular biology to lead and influence projects within the development of Precigen’s product portfolio.
Plan the evaluation strategy and conduct the in vitro studies with human T cells for functional testing
Plan, perform and assess novel adoptive T cell therapies anti-tumor activity in relevant in vivo murine models.
Clear communication in both oral and written form.
Manage timelines and deliverables.
Develop reports for various projects.
Supervise research associates.
Utilization of appropriate technology, i.e. Outlook, PowerPoint, and other programs to create and distribute reports and key information.
Coordination of parallel tasks across multiple projects, demonstrating prioritization.
Interpret and effectively execute upon a variety of instructions provided in written, oral, diagram or schedule formats.
Self-motivated and independently minded.
Positive interpersonal skills with the ability to interact with individuals from a variety of levels and function.
Self-organizer, meticulous hands-on habits, keen attention to detail.
Strong quantitative and analytical skills.
Responsive, can-do attitude.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:

·1 - 3 Research Associates

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:
Ph.D. in immunology, cellular and/or tumor biology or a closely related field.
Strong background in cancer immunotherapy or the biology of the tumor microenvironment, huma immunology and experience working with engineered T-cells strongly preferred.
Five (5) or more year’s post-doctoral experience, industry experience a plus.
Direct hands on experience with generating and analyzing chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells function
Must have experience in flow cytometry and fluorescence activated cell sorting (FACS), immune cell phenotyping of immune cell subsets; experience with human immune cells is preferred.
Experience designing and developing primary immune cell assays using key immune cell populations.
Hands-on expertise in T-cell functional characterization assays includingin vitrocytotoxicity, proliferation, and cytokine/chemokine measurements.
Expertise inin vitro T-cell isolation and expansion methods.
Proficient in cell culture aseptic technique.
Experience in viral and non-viral methods of gene transfer.
Experience with PK/PD, in vitro T cell assays, including ELISPOT, ELISA, Luminex and flow cytometry read-out.
Proficient in multi-parameter flow cytometry (panel design, sample acquisition, data processing.)
Experience in molecular and cellular biology techniques, including but not limited to: PCR, qPCR, cloning and western blot.
Proficiency in the analysis and understanding of immune cells and molecules.
DESIRED KEY COMPETENCIES:
Ability to understand and execute on the company’s mission and values.
Maintain a high degree of ethical standard and trustworthiness.
Capable of fostering change in an organization.
Deals with conflict in a direct, positive manner.
Ability to think and adapt to a rapidly changing environment and demands.
Able to reach rational conclusions through complex processing of information.
Fosters innovation through creative solutions.
Effective organization and implementation of group projects.
Maintain a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail.
Energized by accomplishments and excellence in the workplace.
Capable of high performance in independent work as well as in team setting.
Comfortable in a fast-paced small company environment with minimal direction and able to adjust workload based upon changing priorities.
EOE MFDV",3.6,"Precigen
3.6","Germantown, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
369,Senior Scientist,-1,"Summary:

The Sr. Scientist – Pharmaceutical Technology, with guidance, will perform various duties related to process development/optimization, Tech Transfer, process validation activities as mandated by cGMP’s policies/procedures and Frontida quality standards. Perform data analysis of production processes, new products/process technology transfers, and validation. Prepare and execute process development/optimization study protocols, manufacturing and packaging experimental/ feasibility study/ validation batch records and protocols and complete interim and/or final summary reports for marketed and new products. Perform or assist on-site and site-change technical transfer, scale-up or scale-down factor evaluation, manufacturing/packaging process, equipment troubleshooting, SOP preparation and review. Work closely with internal and client company Research & Development, Quality Control, Operations, Quality Assurance, Engineering, Materials Management, and PM groups. Represent Process Development (PD) at assigned project team meetings.

Responsibilities:
Prepare and execute protocols, batch manufacturing records, and interim/final reports for experimental/feasibility/stability/optimization/validation batches
Make sure that the sampling & testing are completed, while executing the above studies, and are in line with the protocol/plan
Monitor all in-process data/analytical data and escalate to management as needed
Author/update master batch records, as required
Perform or assist technical transfers, scale-up or Scale down evaluations, troubleshooting of manufacturing/packaging process and equipment
Review, as necessary, all pertinent Project Quotes, NDA / ANDA documentation, batch history, and technical transfer reports prior to validation activities
Prepare and execute Validation documents (protocols, batch records, and reports)
support Operations as needed for initial commercial batch manufacturing so that Operations team learns full product knowledge
Coordinate with Facilities Engineering, Operations/Mfg./Pkg., R&D, QC, and QA for timely execution of manufacturing and packaging experimental/ feasibility study/validation projects
Develop & manage cross-functional interdepartmental project plans, identify resource conflicts, facilitate communication across the departments that impact the timeline
Discuss any unusual observations during manufacturing, conduct and/or support investigations on deviations as needed
Follow established practices and procedures in analyzing situations or data from which answers can be readily obtained
Conduct training to related department personnel on all technical and project- related documents, such as Batch records, Deviations, Investigations, protocols, and SOP etc.
Interact daily with internal/external team members and/or functional peer groups, other teams/departments
Present technical information, as needed
Qualifications:
_Education & Experience_*
Bachelors of Science degree in Pharmaceutical Technology or Chemical Engineering
10+ years' with BS or 8+ years’ with MS or 6+ years’ with PhD of relevant experience in the above field
_Knowledge/Proficiency_*
Working knowledgeable of Current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), FDA, OSHA, EPA, DEA, other regulatory requirements, lean manufacturing, and Six-Sigma concepts, continuous improvement etc.
Well versed with pharmaceutical unit operations and their scale-up principles
Working knowledge of pharmaceutical manufacturing principles, process techniques, hands on equipment knowledge, rand regulatory practices
Modified Release Dosage formulation & process development - mainly oral solids
Particle/Pellet coating (FBD Wurster)
Good Understanding of QbD (CPPs/CMAs/CQAs), risk assessment, and PATs
Well versed with Analytical test methodologies (ex: BU, CU, Assay, and Dissolution profile, Discriminating media, etc.)
Understanding of equipment qualification/calibration requirements, cleaning validation, verification, and Process validation
Basic/Intermediate statistical analysis {variance, SD, Cp, Cpk, regression analysis, etc.)
Understands the fundamental CMO/CRO business drivers of Frontida
Personal computer operation and MS applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project etc.)
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.frontidabiopharm.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.6,"Frontida BioPharm, Inc.
3.6","Aurora, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
370,Sr. Data Scientist,"$108k-$169k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Commercial Lines BI team at Woodruff Sawyer is a newly founded capability to enhance the organizations capacity in providing data-backed insights to its clients seeking P&C and liability insurance. The members of this team will work closely with the VP of Commercial Lines Business Intelligence and other enterprise stakeholders to develop and roll out analytics solutions. A successful candidate will apply data science methodologies, actuarial methods, knowledge of insurance, and the latest technological tools to create reusable business intelligence assets.

What you will be doing:

With limited guidance from the leaders, managers, or project leads:
Primarily collects, prepares and analyzes data from various sources.
Executes formal exploratory data analysis for data science projects.
Develops re-usable templates and reports for the review and feedback by other team members.
Prepares analysis summaries and provides to the colleagues and leaders.
Conducts data research and presents findings.
Identifies areas of more in-depth analysis and builds prototypes for IT implementation.
Required Qualifications:
A graduate degree in any of the quantitative disciplines, e.g., Actuarial Science, Math, Engineering, Stats, Finance, or a related discipline.
Knowledge of basic data science algorithms demonstrable through internships, coursework, or a combination.
2+ years of experience in visual analysis packages such as Tableau / Power BI.
2+ years of experience in programming using Python or R.
Skilled in developing presentations in PowerPoint or equivalent.
2+ years of work experience in an insurance or FINTECH environment as a data scientist or BI analyst. (4+ for an undergraduate).
Knowledge of common insurance terminologies. A couple of actuarial exams is a plus.
What you'll be getting from us:
The opportunity to work with sharp, motivated co-workers in a collaborative and entrepreneurial team
A flexible work schedule
A fun office in vibrant downtown San Francisco
Security for your future: Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP), 401K with company match and profit sharing
Medical, Dental and Vision benefits for employees and families (including domestic partners)
Life Insurance, short term and long-term disability benefits
Paid vacation, holiday and sick days
Tuition reimbursement
Access to an Employee Assistance Program
Fun company and team outings",4.0,"Woodruff Sawyer
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1918,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
371,Data Consultant,"$80k-$125k
(Employer Est.)","Company Description
Sagence is a data focused consulting firm working with clients in information-intensive industries such as Healthcare, Financial Services, Insurance and Retail. We specialize in data management and analytics, assisting our clients with the acquisition, evaluation and development of data assets.

Our People:
Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, curious, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe who we are. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results for our clients. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who constantly communicate and continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential.
Job Overview
Sagence is looking for Data Consultants to help us build and sustain our client’s data capabilities and our competitive advantage. Candidates must possess deep, practical experience in one or more of the following Data Management competencies; data warehousing, data architecture, data profiling, data modeling, data governance, data analysis, business intelligence, data lakes, reference data or master data management. Additionally, and equally as important, as a Sagence Data Consultant, you must have the skills and experience necessary to effectively communicate with our clients.
Skills & Requirements:
MUST BE HANDS ON. Candidates should have system development experience and proficiency with system development methodologies and possess the following skills and knowledge:
Must have hands-on experience with various IT concepts of data management/engineering (ETL, data modeling, data warehousing, etc.)
Must have hands-on experience with SQL, data profiling, and data discovery
Experience building business intelligence, analytics, or reporting solutions - either front-end consumption tools (e.g., Microsoft Power BI, Tableau & Qlik) or supplying data for end user analysis
Familiarity with data architecture principles/approaches, data environment infrastructure considerations, and data modeling principles/approaches
Ability to drive out technical requirements with business and IT stakeholders for implementations of data solutions
Hands-on experience with Agile delivery methodology
Demonstrated ability in effectively engaging, communicating, and presenting to stakeholders across both business and technology functions
Conceptual and analytical thinker with the ability to extract, analyze, and synthesize complex business insights
Prior professional experience in a management consulting, an IT management, or client facing role strongly preferred
Knowledge of the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Retail industries is preferred
Tools and Technology:
Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Examples include the following;
Database Management Tools:
Relational – e.g. Oracle, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL or similar
NoSQL – e.g. MongoDB, Apache Cassandra, Couchbase or similar
Cloud-based – e.g. AWS (Redshift or DynamoDB), Azure (SQL Server or Cosmos DB) or similar
ETL Tools - e.g. Informatica, Talend, Microsoft SSIS, or similar
Data Modeling tools - e.g., Toad, ERWin, ER/Studio, PowerDesigner, IBM Data Architect, or similar
Industry Leading BI tools - e.g., Microsoft Power BI, Tableau, Qlik, Sisense, Looker, or similar
General:
Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas
3+ years of professional experience working in a related role
Strong strategic business acumen and a passion for solving problems with data-driven solutions
Client centric focus with strong relationship management skills and the ability to influence business decisions
Intellectually curious and independently resourceful with the ability to prioritize and execute in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
Willingness to travel to client sites as needed
Chicago or New York area candidates preferred, but will consider candidates in other parts of U.S.",4.6,"Sagence
4.6","Chicago, IL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
372,Senior Data Engineer,"$88k-$158k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data Engineer at Burgess you will work alongside some incredibly smart and talented engineers. You will be exposed to very large data sets from various domains that help us provide the best payment integrity platform to large healthcare providers. We are a small, but mighty (and growing) organization that is dedicated and passionate about our clients, our product, and the work each of us undertakes to delight our customers. At Burgess, you will be seen, you will be challenged, and we hope you have some fun along the way. Currently, our Data Solutions team is looking to bring aboard a new senior team member so we can increase our capacity and make larger strides in product development. If this sounds like an environment you would thrive in, keep reading.

In this role, we expect you to come to the table, ready to contribute to the team and let your years of experience and data engineering skills shine.

On a day to day basis, you can expect to:

Lead the charge to improve system performance, capacity, reliability, and scalability.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources such as flat files, Excel, Access, PDF, XML, JSON, EDI etc.
Create and maintain complex T-SQL scripts, stored procedures, functions, views, triggers, CTEs, Recursive table expressions etc. to handle large and complex datasets.
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture for various Burgess applications, provide channels and processes that pushes this data to various applications and are responsible for the integrity of the data.
Implement best practices for data updates and development, troubleshoot performance and other data related issues on multiple product applications.
Automate manual routine tasks and data process, optimize data delivery and infrastructure for greater scalability.
Develop reports on data dictionary, server metadata, user data etc. and implement the reporting tools as needed.Design, draft, cost, and present recommendations to leadership.
Analyze test results and work with Developers and Engineers to perform bug fixes.
Perform root cause analysis of performance issues and suggest corrective actions.
Oversee system performance lifecycle and identify key metrics for performance improvements.
Generate periodic performance reports for management review.
Lead, mentor, coach and train junior team members to ensure appropriate growth in skills, knowledge and scalability of the department.

Collectively, the Burgess team is dedicated to producing an exceptional product. Along the way, we care about each other, work to clear a path to get things done and consistently look for ways to expand our horizons to grow as individuals and as a company. If this sounds like a team you want to be a part of and bring the same commitment and energy to your work, we look forward to hearing from you.

Qualifications & Skills

Required:

US Citizen or Green Card holder
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field.
Minimum of 8 years’ professional work experience
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in a Data Engineer role
Minimum of 3 years’ experience in team leadership/management
Ability to model data to third normal form and understand the benefits of normalization.
Ability to analyze a query execution plan and devise a plan to improve query performance.
Ability to parse JSON and XML into relational form and transform a relational structure into JSON or XML.
Strong oral and written communication skills including the ability to engage appropriately with executives and author a wide range of technical documents

Desired, but not required:

Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or similar quantitative field.
Experience with industry standard version control system tools like Git, Bitbucket.
Experience with writing C# tasks in SSIS.
Experience with or an interest in alternative implementations of data storage such as MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Cassandra, and Hadoop.
Experience with or an interest in reporting technologies such as Tableau, Power BI and if the opportunity presents itself learning MDX and DAX.

Headquartered in Alexandria, VA, Burgess is a team of engineers, designers, policy analysts, data scientists, and business leaders who believe thoughtful technology can transform the ﬂow of resources in the American healthcare system. We are a small team solving a big problem in a system that affects millions of people every day. At Burgess, you will join forces with some of the brightest minds in technology, healthcare, and finance, directly influencing our day-to-day decisions and ultimately, the impact we have in the world. Your Contributions Truly Matter. We are a growing company, so you’ll be given plenty of creative freedom and the opportunity to thrive—everything you do will count. We look forward to hearing from you.",2.5,"The Burgess Group LLC
2.5","Alexandria, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
373,Business Analytics Consultant Sr- Data Visualization,"$35k-$57k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Profile

Position Overview

Position Overview
At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. As a Data Visualization Specialist Business Analytics Consultant Senior within PNC's Retail Lending Data Analytics and Solution organization, you will be based in Brecksville,OH or Pittsburgh,PA.

Who we support
• PNC Retail Lending Operations
o Loan Origination
o Account Servicing
o Default
What skills are we looking for
• Business Intelligence Tools
o Tableau
o Power BI
o Qlik
• Data Mining Experience
o Microsoft SQL Server
o TOAD
o MongoDB
• Culture/Team Skills
o Design Thinking
o Collaboration
o Creativity
o Communication

Job Description

Leverages complex analytical tools to provide business and technical expertise for the analytics process, tools and useful applications across multiple functions or business units to create data driven solutions.
Consulting to clients on tool and strategy implementation and monitoring, statistical scoring, business intelligence, data quality, and analytical product / solution development.
Determining the optimal analytic approach and supporting development, implementation and enhancements.
Conceptualizing, developing and continuously optimizing analytical solution for operations and executive management to enable data driven decision making.
Analyze results and make recommendations for key business partners and senior management or communicate conclusions from complex analytical solutions to a wide range of audiences.

PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be:
Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions.
Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework.

Competencies

Analytical Thinking – Knowledge of techniques and tools that promote effective analysis and the ability to determine the root cause of organizational problems and create alternative solutions that resolve the problems in the best interest of the business.

Business Acumen – Knowledge, insight, and understanding of business concepts, tools, and processes that are needed for making sound decisions in the context of the company's business; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations.

Business Analytics – Knowledge of technologies, techniques and practices for the evaluation of business performance data; ability to analyze business performance using advanced statistical methods to justify and drive future business planning decisions.

Consulting – Knowledge of techniques, roles, and responsibilities in providing technical or business guidance to clients, both internal and external; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations.

Decision Making and Critical Thinking – Understanding of the issues related to the decision-making process; ability to analyze situations fully and accurately, and reach productive decisions.

Effective Communications – Understanding of effective communication concepts, tools and techniques; ability to effectively transmit, receive, and accurately interpret ideas, information, and needs through the application of appropriate communication behaviors.

Emerging Technologies – Knowledge of and ability to design, apply and evaluate new information technologies for business environments in order to improve work productivity and accuracy.

Work Experience

Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree, with 3+ years of relevant / direct industry experience. Certifications are often desired. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered.

Education

Bachelors

Disability Accommodations Statement:

The PNC workplace is inclusive and supportive of individual needs. If you have a physical or other impairment that might require an accommodation, including technical assistance with the PNC Careers website or submission process, please call 877-968-7762 and select Option 4: Recruiting or contact us via email at pathfinder@pnc.com.

The Human Resources Service Center hours of operation are Monday - Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO):

PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law.

California Residents

Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices.",3.5,"PNC Financial Services Group
3.5","Brecksville, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1845,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
374,Data Scientist,-1,"Fidelity Talent Source is your destination for discovering your next temporary role at Fidelity Investments. We are currently sourcing for a senior data scientist and/or full stack machine learning engineer to work at Fidelity in Boston, MA.

We are looking for engineers with strong backgrounds in computer science/engineering to build and support complex, scalable AI frameworks, models, tools and APIs for a variety of Artificial Intelligence initiatives across the firm.

The Purpose of Your Role

The individual will engage in high profile data science and artificial intelligence projects working closely with multiple business units to define and implement next generation AI-based production solutions. Candidate must be comfortable in a fast-paced, unpredictable and sometimes ambiguous environment working with current and emerging AI technologies.

This is a multi-disciplinary role requiring both expert model-building and software engineering skills, so the successful candidate will be capable of developing and supporting core, reusable AI capabilities across many areas, and must have a proven record of providing thought leadership on end-to-end AI/machine learning pipelines and related components for other data science associates.

Education and Experience
PhD or MS in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering, Information Technology, Applied Mathematics, or related fields with, preferably, 5-7 years of experience prototyping and deploying Machine/Deep Learning solutions into production environments.
Hands-on experience with one or more of the following: Deep learning/neural network architectures, reinforcement learning, generative modeling, conversational AI, virtual assistants, automated speech recognition, unstructured text pipelines/modeling, anomaly detection, text summarization, classification, especially with NL/NLU/NLGP-related language models and encoders, e.g., Word2Vec, Glove, Bi-LSTMs, Attention Models, BERT, ALBERT, DeepCT, etc.
Expertise with deep learning frameworks/tools such as TensorFlow, PyTorch/PyCharm, Keras, MXNET, and/or H2O
Fluent in data science programming languages such as Python, R and at least one other programming language, e.g., C/C++, Scala, Julia, Java, Go, especially on GPU. CUDA experience a plus.
Engineering expertise for building production ML/DL model containers and pipelines at scale, specifically with Kubernetes, Docker, and big data technologies, AWS-related experience a plus, e.g., SageMaker, EKS, S3, SQS, Kinesis, Snowflake, shell scripting, etc.
In-depth knowledge of software/engineering lifecycle and principles (source control/git, debugging, testing, Jenkins, deployment, model retraining, CI/CD).
A passion for clean, reusable, object-oriented and/or functional software design principles.
Full stack development and an understanding of Reach design principles/components a plus.
Micro Service/API/API gateway, HTML, ES6, SQLAlchemy, and CSS development experience a plus
Company Culture

At Fidelity, you can find it all here. We reward ambitious, passionate individuals with a work environment that fosters diversity, teamwork and collaboration as well as encourages innovative ideas and fresh thinking. We recognize the value that employees’ individual differences can contribute to the bright and strong future of our company.

Company Overview

Fidelity TalentSource, formerly Veritude, is the in-house temporary staffing provider for Fidelity Investments, one of the largest and most diversified global financial services firms in the industry. We recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including technology and customer service, to fill assignments across Fidelity’s U.S.-based regional and investor center locations. If you would like to experience Fidelity’s diverse and inclusive workplace while expanding your skillset and developing your professional network, consider a role with Fidelity TalentSource.

For information about working at Fidelity TalentSource, visit FTSJobs.com.

Company Overview

Fidelity TalentSource, formerly Veritude, is the in-house temporary staffing provider for Fidelity Investments, one of the largest and most diversified global financial services firms in the industry. We recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including technology and customer service, to fill assignments across Fidelity’s U.S.-based regional and investor center locations. If you would like to experience Fidelity’s diverse and inclusive workplace while expanding your skill set and developing your professional network, consider a role with Fidelity TalentSource. For information about working at Fidelity TalentSource, visit FTSJobs.com.

Information about Fidelity Investments

At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com.

Fidelity Investments and Fidelity TalentSource are equal opportunity employers.",3.9,"Fidelity TalentSource
3.9","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
375,Data Scientist-Junior,"$44k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Group Highlights

Defense

The Defense group supports the Department of Defense (DoD) mission to keep our homeland and its citizens safe. We provide solutions to improve the Nation's defense by providing software, systems engineering, IT, training and logistics and fleet management solutions.

Responsibilities

This position is for a large contract for the Army, providing leadership and support existing systems, processes, and policies as well as working to implement new technologies and processes in support of the client’s mission to provide Intelligence training and technologies to military personnel.

Provides data science and data engineering support to targeting activities that bring in large datasets. Data science and data engineering support is needed to help manage and execute the ingest (extract, transform and load (ETL) operations), parsing, data normalizations, database design, as well as performing data analysis at scale and implementing algorithms to find impactful operational and finished intelligence in large data streams. Involved in the analysis of unstructured and semi-structured data. Exercises creativity in applying non-traditional approaches to large-scale analysis of unstructured data in support of high-value use cases. Handles processing against high-volume collections of data and high-velocity data streams. Has the ability to make discoveries in the world of big data. Requires strong technical and computational skills coupled with the ability to code, design, develop, and deploy sophisticated applications using advanced unstructured and semi-structured data analysis techniques. Has the ability to utilize advance tools and computational skills to interpret, connect, predict and make discoveries in complex data and deliver recommendations. Develops documentation to support objectives of operationally-focused team members.

Qualifications

3 years experience and a BA/BS degree

Responsible for assisting more senior positions and/or performing functional duties under the oversight of more senior positions.

Current TS/SCI Clearance

Bachelor of Science Degree or higher computer science, statistics, or other related STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math)

Desired qualifications:

Strong understanding of data engineering, structure, formatting, conditioning and analysis.
Knowledge of database tools and current data science processes.
Full-stack development experience.

Desired Skills:

Thorough/Working knowledge of Python and some of the following software/tools: SQL, R, Hadoop, Spark, Java, C/C++, Git Bash, Tableau, ArcGIS, Unix commands.
Thorough/Working knowledge of research designs.
Thorough/Working knowledge of collection methods, capabilities and tasking process.
Familiarity with project management concepts and principles.
Intellectual curiosity; creativity and innovation to go beyond current tools to deliver the best solution to complex problems.
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).",3.3,"Perspecta
3.3","Washington, DC",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
376,Business Intelligence Analyst,"$48k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Blucora has a bold aspiration: we are committed to giving all people the tools needed to lead healthy financial lives - tools often reserved for the wealthy.

We now turn to the next leg, developing the technological tools that make our vision of financial health for all a reality. Atypical for the financial services industry, we take a contemporary approach to strategy and product development that is founded in user insights, rapid testing and a singular focus on driving end-user value.

Since charting new territory on a daily basis is part of everyone's job at Blucora, we've attracted team members who thrive on the challenge, encourage each other, and are passionately committed to the goal. If you agree that problem- solving is a team sport, and feel energized by a good debate, deep dive research, or a fun night out with colleagues, we might be the right firm for you!

Position Summary

The Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for measuring performance, analyzing customer behavior and trends, and delivering interactive reports to the business to enhance data-driven decisions.

Essentials Duties & Responsibilities

The major responsibilities of the position are listed below. To perform the job successfully, the individual must be able to execute each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Ability to navigate multiple business lines and draw holistic insights from the tax and wealth management business.
Analyze large data sets of structured, semi-structured unstructured data to discover data insights and collaborate with business partners to deliver business value.
Ability to read and write complex SQL queries for both ad-hoc and dashboard use.
Advanced data visualization (Tableau) and dash-boarding skills to support business decisions, provide recommendations, and evaluate business performance.
Ability to design interactive visualizations that enhance analytics storytelling and communicate business performance.
Prepare and effectively present your findings to business stakeholders, including executive management in a concise fashion.
Support ad hoc business studies/reporting; inform segmentation, territory management, and initiative reporting.
Other job duties as defined.
Education & Experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Management, Accounting, Economics, Statistics, information science, or similar required.
Minimum of 3 years of proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information.
Required advanced experience using analytics/visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics).
Strong ability to read and write SQL.
Some knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, R, SAS, SPSS, etc.).
Big data analytics experience is desired.
Ability to work independently as well as partner with others and work well within a team.
Strong organizational and time management skills; ability to adhere to deadlines.
Comprehensive Benefits

We offer a competitive salary, outstanding benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, life insurance, paid vacation and sick days, paid holidays, tuition reimbursement, and 401(k) with company match.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, or disability.

At Blucora, we believe our work benefits from the diverse perspectives of our employees. As such, Blucora welcomes and celebrates diversity and inclusion and is committed to equal opportunity employment. At Blucora, you can expect a supportive, open and inclusive atmosphere and a team that values your contributions.

Blucora, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Avantax Wealth Management, HK Financial Services, and TaxAct are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and any other status protected under federal or state law. Blucora, considers information gathered in the hiring process, including information on this application, confidential, and only shares it on a need-to know basis or as required by law. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at HR@Blucora.com or by calling 972-870-6000 to speak with a member of the HR Talent Acquisition team.",3.3,"Blucora
3.3","Dallas, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
377,Senior Analytics Manager,"$96k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The analytic team Magnify is looking for a Manager who will help to organize and develop analysis to support client deliverables, identify opportunities to support client objectives, and responsible for team oversight and coordination to meet and exceed client expectations.

· Work collaboratively with team members to develop project specifications and timelines (30%)

· Meet with analytic, business and technical teams to resolve open issues (20%)

· Management and execution of multiple analytics projects (15%)

· Communicate regularly with both team members and clients (15%)

· Assist with post-project analysis and documentation (15%)

· Additional duties as needed (5%)

· Highly proficient utilizing SQL and SAS to manipulate, arrange, query and present data

· Experience with complex problem solving – data manipulation, data quality, data modeling, statistical analysis and/or reporting

· Excellent interpersonal skills with people at all management and organizational levels

· Ability to respond in an effective and timely manner

· Subject matter expert in an analytics specialty

· BA / BS in Statistics, Mathematics, Econometrics or computer science

· Min 5-year experiences as analytics team lead or manager
OneMagnify is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.7,"OneMagnify
4.7","Detroit, MI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1967,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
378,"Data Analyst, Governance and Quality","$43k-$77k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Boston Private is a leading provider of fully integrated wealth management, trust and private banking services. For more than 25 years, Boston Private has taken a highly personalized approach to serving the complex financial needs of individuals, families, business owners, private partnerships, nonprofits and community partners. Boston Private is also an active provider of financing for affordable housing, first-time homebuyers, economic development, social services, community revitalization and small businesses.

Headquartered in Boston, Boston Private has offices across the U.S. including Boston, San Francisco, San Jose, Los Angeles and South Florida. Private banking and trust services are provided through Boston Private Bank & Trust Company. Wealth management services are provided through Boston Private Wealth LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of Boston Private Bank & Trust Company.

Responsibilities:

As a member of the Data, Analytics and Reporting Team (DART) and reporting to the Head of Data Management, the Data Analyst – Governance and Quality will play a critical role to establish Enterprise Data Governance. Under the direction of the Head of Data Governance, this role will administer all aspects of the Data Governance (DG) process as well as serve as lead analyst for issues related to data standards and data policies. The role will also involve a component of change management for the definition, creation, and enforcement of DG processes.

This role will not only play an integral role in helping to stand up DG, but it will also play a role in shaping and evolving it. This is a great opportunity for an experienced and organized Business Analyst with data background to learn and grow along with Boston Private’s DG data function. Key stakeholders include the Data Governance Leadership Team, Data Analysts, BI Report Developers, Data Engineers, Data Stewards, and business data consumers.

Key responsibilities include:

Create and maintain BP’s Enterprise DG tools (e.g. Data Glossary, Master Report Inventory, Standards & Policies)
Collect and maintain a master list of DG required actions and their progress
Proactively gather, document data requirements and analysis including data integrity and data consistency related to DG standards
Establish DG monitoring processes and related reporting to track the organizations progress.
Work closely with DART Data and Reporting Analysts to inform data transformations, reporting and analysis.
Coordinate and prepare for Data Leadership Group, Data Steward Working Group, and Data Quality Working Group
Serve as curator for DG assets to help DART members and business stakeholders gain ready access to reference materials and tools.
Work closely with the Data Architecture team to enhance existing tools and data architecture to ensure a best in class control framework.
Leverage DART processes and tools to communicate, develop, and maintain DG assests such as documentation and analysis including Jira and steps required as part of DART’s development and launch control processes.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or a similar subject required.
Master’s degree in Technology preferred, or equivalent work experience using software tools for data interrogation is a plus.
Demonstrated attention to detail and teamwork.
Exceptional written and verbal Communication skills.
Financial Services industry experience desired.

Skills & Experience

3+ years’ hands-on experience as a Business Analyst or equivalent required.
Experience producing and/or maintaining business and/or data requirements required.
Experience with SQL and demonstrated understanding of relational databases required.
Experience working on or directly supporting a data management team is desired.
Prior experience serving as part of a Data Governance organization or supporting one is a plus.",3.6,"Boston Private Bank & Trust Company
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1987,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
379,Sr Data Engineer,"$71k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Group O is seeking a strong candidate in the job of Senior Data Engineer for a Group O partner in San Antonio, TX. In this role, you will be a valuable expert in data coding and ETL and will lead the development of data models, structures, and data wrangling.

Responsibilities
Implementation including loading from disparate data sets, pre-processing using Hive and Pig
Scope and deliver various Big Data solutions
Design solutions based on high-level architecture
Manage technical communications between clients (technical and non-technical) and internal teams
Building a cloud-based platform that allows easy development of new applications
Collaborate with developers, subject matter experts, and business users in gathering and documenting requirements for data extraction and transformation
Perform code reviews, analyze execution plans, improve ETL jobs efficiencies, correct ETL defects and respond quickly to fixes and enhancement requests
Follow design standards for ETL and ELT processes
Analyze, assess and implement changes to existing solutions in response to business changes
Perform data research and analysis to find insights
Analyze data models to identify variances and discrepancies
Design, update, and maintain data sets
Work with geographically distributed team structure in a fast paced and challenging environment; multi-task and work under pressure
Communicate results with internal and external stakeholders

Qualifications:
An ideal candidate will have experience leading data quality assessment, will be a strong problem-solver and will have excellent interpersonal and communications skills.
Over 5 years of demonstrable experience designing technological solutions to complex data problems, developing & testing modular, reusable, efficient and scalable code to implement those solutions.
Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop 2.0 (YARN; MR & HDFS) and associated technologies -- one or more of Hive, Sqoop, Avro, Flume, Oozie, Zookeeper, etc.
Strong background with ETL Design and coding for Data loading, Data cleansing, Data Validation
Proficiency in SQL, SAS, R and Python – with preference to SQL
Previous experience designing custom deliverables based on user requirements
Excellent written and verbal communication skills – must be able to communicate fluently in English both verbally and in writing
Strong analytical and statistical analysis skills to extract insights and recommendations
Strong problem-solving skills, and the ability & confidence to hack their way out of tight corners
Insurance domain experience is preferred",3.1,"Group O
3.1","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
380,Senior Perception Scientist for Marine Autonomy,-1,"Sea Machines is a fast-growing startup specializing in autonomous technology for marine vessels. We’re passionate about applying practical A.I. to the massive global ocean transportation market. Our products provide ships and workboats the intelligence to work remotely and give maritime operators the tools to effectively communicate with them. Based in Boston and operating globally, the company is crewed by an experienced team of mariners, engineers, coders, and autonomy scientists. Our culture is dynamic, collaborative and biased towards execution.

Sea Machines is venture-funded, and we’ve introduced our first product, the Sea Machines 300. We’re located on the East Boston waterfront in historic Jeffries Point, with quick access to the T and water taxis.

We are seeking a Perception Engineer with deep learning and computer vision experience to actively push the next stage of perception R&D at Sea Machines which tackles the exciting challenges of moving the world’s fleets to the era of autonomous operations. This role will focus on developing state-of-art algorithms deployed on marine vessels to perform real time performance in conjunction with the existing perception team. A focus will be on object recognition, distance estimation, semantic segmentation, and sensor fusion from large scale data sets with multi-sensor data (AIS, Radar, LiDAR, visible cameras, thermal cameras, etc.).
Responsibilities*
Design, development and integration of high-quality perception technology related to machine learning, deep learning, computer vision and image processing
Develop state of art technology related to object classification, object recognition, distance estimation and semantic segmentation on SMR vessels
Perform machine learning and use image processing technology to analyze, cluster, clean real-world data as the preparation for further development
Explore and select state-of-art deep learning, machine learning framework to conduct training on real-world data
Deploy high quality algorithms/code/models on SMR vessels and customer vessels for better performance
Analyze real world data and perform performance evaluation of delivered technology
Maintain software documentation and assist in the development of user documentation
Participate as a multi-disciplinary engineering team member including team meetings, stand-ups & quality reviews in a mostly remote environment.
Work cross-functionally with technical teams deploying high quality perception system to support prototyping and product development.
Requirements and Skills*
Must be U.S. citizen or Green car holder
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related fields, with a publication record on relevant topics.
Professional experience in deep learning-based computer vision topics, related to detection, classification, tracking, recognition, segmentation, sensor fusion.
Hands-on experience with developing, training, benchmarking and deploying deep learning models in real world data.
Professional experience in deploying deep learning models on real-world data in TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch
Professional experience with Git, Python, Scikit-learn, Linux, Jupyter Notebook, Cloud Computing/Storage
Excellent analytical and program solving skills, excellent written and oral communication, self-starter and highly motivated.
Experience with large scale data collection, data cleaning, data analysis and regression test
Experience collaborating with other functional teams to seamlessly integrate software and hardware
Bonus*
Professional C++ programing and software design skills including debugging, performance analysis and test design.
Proficiency on GPU computing and parallel programing
Familiar with Spark ML
Publication record in top-tier computer vision or machine learning conferences
Professional experience deploying computer vision or deep learning models on industrial-grade software
Understanding and appreciation of hardened industrial systems
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location",4.1,"Sea Machines Robotics Inc.
4.1","Boston, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Shipping,Transportation & Logistics,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
381,Data Warehousing and Analytics Consultant,"$89k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Congratulations on exploring your career opportunities with FAST and taking the first step to becoming a FASTie! A FASTie? Yes, a FASTie.

FAST-ie’faesteoun

1. an energetic, intelligent, enthusiastic person who works at Fast Enterprises. 2. a person dedicated to modernizing government technology to better serve the general public. 3. someone who is open to adventure and wants to experience new places around the world. 4. someone who enjoys collaboration with clients and camaraderie with teammates while solving business and technology problems.

If the description below speaks to you, take 5 minutes (seriously, only 5 minutes) to apply!

As aData Warehousing and Analytics Consultanton our team, you will be involved with data warehousing, business intelligence, and data analytics. We have sites across North America and abroad. Candidates should be flexible with respect to work locations.Data Warehousing and Analytics Consultants will begin their career as an Implementation Consultant on a client site to learn our software products prior to transitioning into the position.

Candidates should possess a degree in one of the following areas:
Computer/Management Information Systems
Computer Science
Mathematics FAST may also consider graduates from other areas of study when supplemented with technical experience or aptitude.
Employment Qualifications:
Candidates are not required to have a background in data warehousing and analytics. However, candidates should have an interest in working with data and performing data analysis.
Strong communication skills are imperative.
Exposure to specific technology is not required. However,experience in the following areas is desirable:
Data warehousing or analytics experience, and extensive knowledge of SQL, SQL Server, or Oracle DBMS is desirable
MS Visual Basic.NET.
FAST is an equal opportunity employer.
Voluntary Self-Identification Information is requested for U.S. applicants during the application process.",4.3,"Fast Enterprises
4.3","Denver, CO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
382,Senior Data Scientist with Top Secret,"$109k-$180k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What You'll Get to Do as a Data Scientist: *
Leads data science efforts, working closely with clients and data to understand mission and data.
Develops algorithms leveraging modern data science technologies including reinforcement learning systems, machine learning and more.
Provides clients with technical expertise for a project or program. Able to manage technology projects or lead technology solutioning.
Provides highly technical and specialized guidance and solutions to complex IT problems; performs elaborate analyses and studies.
Evaluates, recommends, and executes new technologies and updates existing infrastructure to ensure optimal performance and efficiency.
Develops IT strategies to ensure the systems meet existing and future requirements based on needs and regulations.
Works in a variety of environments and has excellent verbal and non-verbal communication skills. Works effectively and independently.
You’ll Bring These Qualifications: *
Must have an active TS or TS/SCI
At least 5 years of experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with multiple database types such as SQL, Redis and MongoDB
Experience building and integrating the at the application and database level
Experience developing REST/SOAP APIs and messaging protocols and formats
At least 2 years of theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization
Experience implementing event/data streaming services such as Kafka
Experience prototyping front-end visualizations utilizing data visualization suites such as Kibana or Splunk
At least 2 years of experience developing Reinforcement learning systems utilizing at least one of the following methodologies. Finite Markov Decision Processes, Support Vector Machines, Q-Learning, Stochastic Finite State Machines, MCTS or other hybrid Deep Reinforcement Learning processes
Experience in theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization.
Experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with databases such as SQL or MongoDB.
Experience working with large-scale data sets.
Experience producing data visualizations for a variety of different audiences.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills along with the ability to present technical data and approaches to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On Call
Experience:
SAS: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Science: 5 years (Preferred)
Machine Learning: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
R: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Washington, DC 20016 (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.oneglobeit.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"OneGlobe LLC
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
383,"Scientist - QC Reviewer - Data Review , HPLC , GMP",-1,"JOB DESCRIPTION

In labs and health care facilities worldwide - HERE WE ARE

PPD is a leading global contract research organization. At PPD we are passionate, deliberate, and driven by our purpose - to improve health.

PPD Laboratories offers the most comprehensive set of laboratory services available in the industry and continues to deliver innovative solutions to our customers through our collaborative approach, including PPD Laboratories FSP. PPD Laboratories FSP is a unique partnership that allows our customers to leverage the experience of our PPD staff, while allowing you, the employee, to gain direct experience working onsite at a pharmaceutical/ biopharmaceutical company, all while maintaining full-time benefits/advantages of being a part of PPD.

As a Data Reviewer/QC Reviewer, you will provide data review and reporting for release, stability, cleaning verification, raw material, method qualification and method transfer testing activities supporting the Customer's Manufacturing Center’s Release and Stability Laboratory (RSL).This position is a non-lab based position.

Additional responsibilities for the role on site at a major pharmaceutical company:

Review and reporting of instrument qualification data in a cGMP environment.

Perform cGMP analytical data review for various techniques such as HPLC, GC, KF, TOC, IR and dissolution.

Compile and summarize analytical raw data in various physical and electronic report formats.

Review laboratory equipment logbooks and daily check logbooks.

Data entry and various administrative functions for laboratory data systems.

Maintain cGMP training compliance.

May coordinate and track progress of analytical testing internally or at CROs.

May participate in regulatory agency audits and inspections.

May author and review protocols, analytical reports and certificates of analysis.

At PPD we hire the best, develop ourselves and each other, and recognize the power of being one team. It's not just talk, our award-winning training programs speak for themselves.

Join PPD in our relentless pursuit of excellence - apply now!

What To Expect Next

We look forward to receiving your application. A member of our talent acquisition department will review your qualifications and if interested, you will be contacted for an interview.

Job Qualification
Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree in life or physical sciences with a preference in Chemistry, Analytical Chemistry, or Pharmaceutical Chemistry or equivalent and relevant formal academic / vocational qualification
Previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable to 2+ years’) or equivalent combination of education, training, & experience.
2+ years of Data Review/QC Reviewer experience required
Preferred Experience:

Experience with Waters Empower chromatography software, SLIM data management system, IDBS Electronic Lab Notebook (ELN), and/or Trackwise is preferred.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Thorough knowledge of SOPs and Federal Regulations to include GLP and GMP
Knowledge of HPLC, GC, Dissolution, TOC, and KF preferred
Knowledge of chromatography, divisional SOPs and FDA regulations.
One year of QC experience; lab experience preferred.
Strong technical knowledge including an understanding of laboratory procedures, methodology and standards
Ability to independently review laboratory reports and analytical methods
Ability to provide clear and concise feedback and/or documentation of results
Ability to work in a collaborative team environment
Ability to understand and independently apply GMPs and /or GLPs to everyday work with regard to documentation and instrument use
Ability to utilize Microsoft Excel and Word to perform tasks
Time management and project management skills
Problem solving and troubleshooting abilities
Good verbal and written communication skills.
Must be detail oriented and able to deal with multiple and changing priorities.

Working Environment:

PPD values the health and wellbeing of our employees. We support and encourage individuals to create a healthy and balanced environment where they can thrive. Below is listed the working environment/requirements for this role:

Able to communicate, receive, and understand information and ideas with diverse groups of people in a comprehensible and reasonable manner.

Able to work upright and stationary and/or standing for typical working hours.
Able to lift and move objects up to 25 pounds
Able to work in non-traditional work environments.
Able to use and learn standard office equipment and technology with proficiency.
May have exposure to potentially hazardous elements, including infectious agents, typically found in healthcare or laboratory environments.
Able to perform successfully under pressure while prioritizing and handling multiple projects or activities.

PPD Defining Principles:
We have a strong will to win - We earn our customer’s trust - We are gamechangers - We do the right thing - We are one PPD -
If you resonate with our five principles above, and ultimately wish to accelerate the delivery of safe and effective therapeutics for some of the world’s most urgent health needs, then please submit your application – we’d love to hear from you.
QC Review"" , ""QC"" ""quality control"" , ""small molecule"" , ""data review"" , ""GMP"" , ""analytical chemist"" , ""analytical chemistry"" , HPLC , ""data reviewer""
PPDFSP
LI-NW1
Diversity Statement
PPD is proud to be an affirmative action employer that values diversity as a strength and fosters an environment of mutual respect. PPD is committed to providing equal employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, pregnancy, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status or status within any other protected group.",3.8,"PPD
3.8","Boston, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
384,Sr Business Intelligence Analyst - Python / Government / Military experience and active TS/SCI required,"$87k-$162k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Travel Required: Less than 10%
Requisition Type: Regular

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst provides strategic business analysis services to business partners. The focus of this position is to work closely with the staff and operational elements of the client to gain in-depth understanding of the client’s business strategy, processes, services, roadmap and the context in which the client operates, with the goal of understanding, documenting and mapping the technical, process, and management capabilities needed to address the challenges faced by the client in meeting the needs of its customers.

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for reviewing assigned business processes from end-to-end to identify and address operational, financial and technological risks. The Senior Business Intelligence Analysts identifies opportunities to improve efficiency.

Roles and Responsibilities

Perform duties as a Senior Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst, providing the information for executives to make strong business decisions.
The BI analyst will provide the professional role and expertise responsible for data mining, analysis, summaries to maximize its utility, and summarily be used to support decision-making.
Help managers in the process of making informed business decisions so as to improve or sustain his/her organization’s competitive position.
Collect past and present data in order to establish and even fashion of an organization’s operation.
Provide development, reviews and evaluations of operational business processes, activities and data for the purpose of making tactical, strategic business decisions.
Required to be operationally focused which allows the agency to quickly react to dynamic and continuously changing issues, business and customer requirements.
Effort will be a continuous occurrence of business events and processes and is typically will be focused scenarios requiring analysis of business insight on a daily, short-term or frequent basis. This is applicable to operational business applications, systems and storage resources that have the most current business data, events and processes. May require monitoring of data driven business processes and events - in motion and at rest.
Provide the tools and information for executives to make strategic decisions.
The BI analyst will utilize and transition to the standard tools that are available to the enterprise users in order to ensure the reoccurring reports can be transitioned to be generated and delivered in-house by the Directorates and Commands.
Implement standard reporting systems in the organization.
The BI analyst will also be responsible for designing reports and developing processes to aid the business intelligence of an organization.
Develop standards for best practices for reporting, marketing, and educating the client on available reporting tools in the agency and how they can be utilized to provide reoccurring reports.
The BI Analyst will data mine the client’s enterprise services to the use data to figure out market and business trends for companies to increase profits and efficiency. This process includes:
Gather data through a number of ways, from mining the Client computer systems through software, looking at competitors data and industry trends to help develop a picture of where the Agency stands in the industry, industry trends and standards, where they can improve and where they can avoid costs.
Exploit the data warehouse of the company to dig for important statistics and facts that may help in rendering a true picture of an organization’s industry standing and performance.
The business intelligence analysts will spend most of their time analyzing data that includes past trends, current conditions, projected, etc. They must be able to look at large chunks of data and understand trends, and then communicate those trends.
The BI Analyst ensure that the client knows whom to approach for data to meet the report requests (TTPs)

Core skills (Required):

Knowledge of general business principles, military and government organizations, and systems engineering concepts.
Strong oral, written and interpersonal communication skills in English and at the Graduate level.
Technically proficient with Microsoft Office products (Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, Access, Publisher).
Advanced to Expert level of knowledge with Microsoft Project, with experience in developing integrate master schedules from multiple project schedules.
Working knowledge of Python programming language
10 years of experience working within the Federal Government and/or DOD performing similar duties

Educational Requirements

Required - Bachelor of Engineering / Science Degree in Project Management, Business Management, Business Analysis, Computer Information Systems, Information Technology
Preferred - Master of Business Administration or Master of Technology Management
Preferred – Education in two or more programming languages (e.g. Python, JAVA, C++, .NET)

Experience Requirements

Minimum if 10 years’ experience working as a business analyst within an Information Technology enterprise within the Federal Government and/or DOD supporting 8,000+ users, with a bachelor’s degree
Minimum if 5 years’ experience working as a business analyst within an Information Technology enterprise supporting 8,000+ users with a Masters of Business Administration or Masters of Technology Management
Experience should include no less than three years working within the Department of Defense.

Desired Behaviors

Self-starter with the ability to multi-task.
Strong leadership skills with excellent listening skills. Must have the ability to see multiple conflicting views and assist in the formation of consensus. Must be able to lead and to be led by others.
Strong formal and informal communications skills including the ability to mentor and train – must take satisfaction in the accomplishments of mentees
Must be able to work well within teams either as a member or leader

#GDITpriority

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.6,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.6","Washington, DC",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
385,Senior Quantitative Analyst/Quantitative Analyst III,"$90k-$177k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The
Senior Quantitative Analyst will be an integral part of RADAR’s Retail
Supervisory Modeling Team (SMT). The Retail SMT has responsibility for
projecting losses associated with U.S. retail credit exposure groups (including
auto loans, credit and charge cards, first lien mortgage loans, and home equity
mortgage loans) for bank holding companies subject to the supervisory stress
test (DFAST and CCAR). You will perform statistical and econometric analysis to
support research, development, and implementation of the retail models in
accordance with the development cycle set forth by the Model Oversight Group
(MOG). You will provide initial and
final stress test estimates for each applicable firm, including written
explanations of analysis and results, and presentations to the MOG. The Senior
Quantitative Analyst will assist with maintaining model soundness and control
documentation in accordance with MOG standards. You will assist the team with model reviews by
the Supervisory Modeling Validation (SMV) team, providing explanations and
responses to follow-up requests and addressing SMV findings, as appropriate. You also assist FR staff on longer-term
research projects involving retail lending.

This position requires access to confidential supervisory information and/or
FOMC information, which is limited to “Protected Individuals” as defined in the
U.S. federal immigration law. Protected Individuals include, but are not
limited to, U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, and U.S. permanent residents who
either are not yet eligible to apply for naturalization or who have applied for
naturalization within the requisite timeframe. Candidates who are permanent
residents must sign a declaration of intent to become a U.S. citizen when
eligible to do so and pursue a path to citizenship. Candidates who are not U.S.
citizens or U.S. permanent residents may be eligible for the information access
required for this position if they sign a declaration of intent to become
a permanent resident and a U.S. citizen and meet other eligibility
requirements. In addition, all candidates must undergo an applicable background
check and comply with all applicable information handling rules.

To
be considered for the position, please submit a resume and cover letter.

About
the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia:

The Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia is one of the 12 regional Reserve Banks that,
together with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the Federal
Reserve System. It helps formulate and implement monetary policy,
supervises banks and bank and savings and loan holding companies, and provides
financial services to depository institutions and the federal
government. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia serves eastern and
central Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and Delaware.

Background
investigations including drug testing are required for all new hires as a
condition of employment, after the job offer is made. Employment may not begin until the Bank
accepts the results of the background investigation.

To
see the full job description, click the link:

https://www.philadelphiafed.org/-/media/67799981834740d49d69b177998c3bc8.ashx

To
Apply:

Go
to https://www.philadelphiafed.org/careers/job-openings.cfm
and find the ""Senior Quantitative Analyst/Quantitative Analyst III""
position.

We offer a great
benefits package that features:
Medical (4 options), Prescription, Dental
(3 options), and Vision Insurance
401k/Thrift Plan with
generous employer match
Employer-funded Pension Plan
Paid Vacation/Sick Time&
Holidays
Monthly Commuter Allowance
Flexible Spending Accounts
and Healthcare Spending Accounts
Flexible Work Schedule
available in most departments
Tuition Reimbursement
Parental Leave
Onsite 24/7 Fitness Center
including training classes, Peloton bikes and locker room / shower
facilities
Onsite Cafeteria and Coffee
Shop
Additional convenience
benefits, discounts and more…
The Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia believes that diversity and inclusion among our
employees is essential to our success as an organization, and we want to
recruit, develop and retain the most accomplished people from a diverse
candidate pool. To support a workplace culture of belonging, we offer seven
employee resource groups (ERGs) and a 100 percent rating on the Human Rights
Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equality Index. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia
is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.6,"Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia
3.6","Philadelphia, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1914,Company - Private,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
386,Medical Laboratory Scientist,"$17-$23 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:

Performs and interprets tests at all complexity levels. Demonstrates an understanding of the theory and scientific principles of laboratory testing as well as the technical, procedural and problem solving aspects. Correlates abnormal laboratory data with pathological states, determines the validity of test results and the need for additional tests. Determines the validity of test results through the monitoring and/or verifying of quality controls, standards, etc. Communicates test results, reference ranges, specimen requirements, and other pertinent information to authorized sources.

Job Responsibilities:

Follows the laboratory's procedures for specimen handling and processing, test analyses, reporting and maintaining records of patient test results.
Performs laboratory testing in a compliant manner.
Maintains regulatory knowledge and awareness as it pertains to specific job duties.
Adheres to the laboratory's quality control policies, document all quality control activities, instrument and procedural calibrations and maintenance performed.
Assumes responsibility for and takes action regarding any quality control or quality assurance issues as it pertains to specific job duties.
Maintains instruments and equipment in accordance with manufacturer’s specifications.
Assumes responsibility for good documentation practices and maintains clear and legible records.
Performs proficiency testing in compliance with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) regulations i.e. analyze proficiency survey sample in the same manner as a patient specimens, no communication with other CLIA laboratories, complete record retention and accurate documentation and result reporting.
Assumes responsibility for participation in continuing education, professional development and required annual competency assessment.
Follows the laboratory's established policies and procedures whenever test systems are not within the laboratory's established acceptable levels of performance.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or reporting of test results and either must correct the problems or immediately notify the General Supervisor, Technical Supervisor, Clinical Consultant, or Laboratory Director.
Exercises good judgment, analytical and problem solving/troubleshooting skills.
Recommends solutions and improvements.
Documents all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory's established performance specifications.
May function in an educator and provides instruction and training in theory, technical skills, safety protocols, and the application of laboratory test protocols to students, employees, residents, etc.
Other duties as assigned.
Follows Hospital and department policies and procedures with special attention to attendance and punctuality, confidentiality, dress code and display of ID badge, and safety.
Completes mandatory education and training in order to maintain organization and department-specific competencies and requirements.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology from a four-year college or university.
One year training in approved program with registry/certification at Medical Technologist/ Clinical Laboratory Scientist level (MLS or MT) or registry eligible.
OR
Meets the CLIA qualifications for high complexity testing personnel grandfathering clauses.
See Code of Federal Regulations, Title 42, §493.1489(b)(3), §493.1489(b)(4), §493.1489(b)(5), §493.1491 Standards; High Complexity Testing Personnel Qualifications.
Diploma and/or transcripts must be provided.
Education will be verified.
Education outside of the United States requires diploma/transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from by an HHS approved agency or nationally recognized organization such as NACES (National Association Credential Evaluation Services, Inc.) or AICE (Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc.).

Languages:

Certifications:

Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT) or certification eligible preferred upon hire, from the American Society of Clinical Pathology (ASCP) or American Medical Technologists (AMT).
Certification must be obtained within one year of hire.

Complexity of Work:

Requires critical thinking skills, decisive judgment and the ability to work unsupervised or with minimal supervision.
Must be able to work in a stressful environment and take appropriate action.

Work Experience:

None required.

Physical Requirements:

Physical demands include: Visual acuity to study specimens under a microscope.
The ability to distinguish colors.
Fine motor skills and manual dexterity to handle specimens and lab equipment required to process specimens and repair equipment.
May be required to stand for long periods of time.
Light lifting may be required.
May be exposed to hazardous chemicals, biohazards, radioactive materials, etc.

Personal Protective Equipment:

Follows Standard Precautions using personal protective equipment as required.

The policy of Cleveland Clinic and its system hospitals (Cleveland Clinic) is to provide equal opportunity to all of our employees and applicants for employment in our tobacco free and drug free environment. All offers of employment are followed by testing for controlled substance and nicotine. Job offers will be rescinded for candidates for employment who test positive for nicotine. Candidates for employment who are impacted by Cleveland Clinic’s Smoking Policy will be permitted to reapply for open positions after 90 days. Decisions concerning employment, transfers and promotions are made upon the basis of the best qualified candidate without regard to color, race, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, ancestry, status as a disabled or Vietnam era veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. Information provided on this application may be shared with any Cleveland Clinic facility.

Cleveland Clinic is pleased to be an equal employment employer: Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities",3.8,"Cleveland Clinic
3.8","Akron, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1921,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
387,Senior Data Analyst,-1,"You will be a crucial member of the team tasked with capturing data workflows and use cases across EQRx and turn them into reproducible, democratizable tools on a modern data tech stack, enabling faster and more successful drug development. You will map how data is used to understand the complex web of interrelationships in taking drugs from a pharmaceutical company to a patient. You will translate and harden these workflows to a modern data tech stack in collaboration with data scientists and engineers.
You will understand how clinical scientists and staff capture, maintain, and use data and use these insights to organize data across EHR (Electronic Health Record), clinical trial, and other data sources. You will integrate data across sources and use cases (e.g. pricing, claims, and clinical) to enable end users to see across EQRx’s data asset to improve our program design, operations, opportunity targeting, pricing, and access. You will assist in building a digital-native life sciences company, identifying and prioritizing areas to pursue, where data tools could inform decision making throughout EQRx.
The Impact You Will Have
You will enable experts across EQRx to look across datasets to identify key opportunities to dramatically reduce prices and expand access to novel drugs, connecting information across market data, patient claims and adherence, and clinical datasets to enable experts to pinpoint the most salient opportunities for developing novel, more accessible medicines. This person will speed the development and trialing of novel medicines by bringing a digital and data native technology stack to drug development, powering a modern, and radically new paradigm in drug development.
Your Superpowers
You have a Bachelors or Masters degree in a quantitative scientific, or social scientific field, e.g. biology, engineering, economics, etc.
You have 5+ years of experience in industry (Life sciences background a major plus).
You are skilled at building insightful visualizations in a modern dashboarding tool (e.g. Mode, Looker, Spotfire); experience with D3.js a plus.
You are fluent in SQL and comfortable in a scripting language such as python.
You have worked with modern cloud data warehousing tools (e.g. BigQuery, Snowflake) and ETL tools (e.g. Stitch, Fivetran, DBT).
You are an excellent communicator, empathetic with end users and internal customers. You can translate a problem from a description of a business process to organization of data and pipelines.
You have a quick, flexible mind; always looking for clever ways to connect data and transform processes to a modern, digital and data native architecture.
You possess strong communication, organizational and presentation skills.
You can participate and work effectively on multiple cross-functional teams.
You play well in the sandbox. You understand relationships are key and have strong interpersonal skills.
Teams love working with you and learning from you.
You can thrive in a smaller company environment and love the pace of a true startup.
You’re a team player who is willing to roll-up your sleeves and get the job done.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
388,Data Engineer,-1,"The Data Engineer will play a key role in designing Framework’s creative use of data through leading the development of Framework’s data warehouse and initial data integration initiatives. We have a range of valuable data assets which are growing in volume and scope, we need to use them effectively and efficiently. The Data Engineer will serve as the technical lead for developing Framework’s internal insights and analytics data warehouse. They will identify critical initiatives and work with the Business Insights team to plan out their implementation. They will also act as a technical expert for the rest of the Business Insights team, helping them learn new skills and improve their own workflow. This work will support Framework’s development of core data analytics tools and products for internal stakeholders.

We are looking for a collaborative and open-minded team player who has experience implementing technical solutions as part of a greater data analytics strategy. The ideal candidate can demonstrate a commitment to continuous growth and use creative problem solving to assess how Framework’s data architecture can prepare for the future. This position requires humble confidence with self-starter inclinations and a proven ability to own solutions from start to finish. This is a mid-level position with great opportunities for professional development and growth.

This position reports to the Business Insights Manager and is located in the Greater Boston Area, with offices in Boston, MA.
What You’ll Do: First 90 Days
Work with Data Analyst to understand current technology solutions used to meet critical analytics needs.
Work with analysts to identify immediate risks of existing data infrastructure, prioritize key opportunities for development and actionable tasks
Collaborate extensively with key stakeholder teams such as marketing, product and engineering to understand business logic of key data and identify opportunities for optimization through data integrations
Implement workflows and technical work management systems that support iterative development, task prioritization and requirement documentation.
Work with Business Insights manager and CTO to begin developing a road map for our data warehouse strategy and self-service business intelligence.
What You’ll Do: Team Leadership
Manage data system integrations used for analytics across Framework. This includes monitoring and expanding Framework’s ETL and translating business needs into technical specifications.
Serve as the technology lead for Framework’s data warehouse development.
Manage communication of Framework’s technology capabilities and limitations. Serve as our subject matter expert on this within the team and as a voice of reason in collaborative efforts.
Participate in the Business Insights team’s continued growth as a technology team documenting knowledge gains clearly, mentoring younger staff and supporting growth of direct reports and team members.
What You’ll Bring
Technical experience: Demonstrated knowledge of data warehouse architecture, integration development and ETL implementation. Exposure to service orientated architecture concepts, familiarity with best practices for analytics data warehouses. Experience with programming languages is preferred. Data modeling for business intelligence tools or a curiosity to learn more is a plus.
Development experience: Success in implementing data engineering best practices, workflow structures and task execution principles. Demonstrated ability to set requirements, test solutions, identify milestones and meet deadlines.
Business perspective focus: Ability to consider business lead perspectives while making technical decisions. Experience translating technical capabilities to business outcomes and reverse.
Knowledge management skills: Self led prioritization of knowledge management skills such as documentation, knowledge sharing and training others at various levels.
Maker and Manager: Ability to dive into the weeds of the work while working with Business Insights team colleagues to tackle problems together. Desire to grow into a management role.
Ability to develop, articulate and implement a larger vision while identifying the intricate work required to achieve success.
An orientation toward learning and exploration with an interest in learning from and sharing with others.
Ability to work effectively with remote teammates.
A strong sense of empathy towards different perspectives and an ability to collaborate with compromise.
Passion for efficiency in technical solutions and ability to achieve iteratively.
Preferred Qualifications and Experience
Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field; or comparable professional experience
3-5 years of experience in data warehouse development and ETL design, implementation and data maintenance
1-2 years of experience working closely with analytics teams in an analyst role
Experience with tools within various levels of the analytics stack, including but not limited to cloud data warehouses, ETL (Fivetran), data modeling, APIs, cloud services, etc.
Our vision inspires you!
About the Team
The Data Engineer will be a key member of a rapidly evolving Business Insights team. The Business Insights team paves the path for Framework’s data driven decision making aspirations and develops the technology tools that will be crucial along the journey. From key Framework products to internal customer success systems, the Business Insights team stewards the collection of data across the company and delivery of key business insights for internal and external use.

Job Classification
This is a full-time, exempt position.

Work Environment and Physical Demands
This job requires the routine use of standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, and filing cabinets. It requires the ability to speak and hear in person, over the phone, and in settings where there are groups of people. Occasional travel is required, including overnight travel for up to four days at a time and travel via airplane.

What We’ll Offer You / Benefits of Working for Framework
The Framework team is a group of thoughtful, creative, and caring human beings. Our company boasts employees that hail from several different countries and speak a multitude of languages. We are collaborators who value each other’s differences and are committed to bringing our authentic selves to work each day, so that we might design quality products for humans that need them. We offer a suite of benefits designed to support our employees’ thriving in the workplace, including but not limited to:

• Flexible Work Schedules
• Remote Work
• Health Plans Incl. Dental and Vision
• 401(k) Savings Plan
• 11 Paid Holidays Incl. Election Day
• Open Vacation
• 52 Weeks Paid Parental Leave
• Personal and Professional Growth Opportunities
• Opportunity to help build and deliver cutting edge, socially driven products from scratch!

About the Company
Framework is a startup social enterprise built on a simple idea: every homebuyer should have access to unbiased information about the mortgage process and feel knowledgeable about the responsibilities of owning a home. And more—it should be easy and affordable.

We are proudly pro-homeownership and believe it is a uniquely accessible and powerful way for people to build long term financial security. We make it easier for people to do this by providing the tools we believe will lead prospective homebuyers into homes that improve their quality of life, giving them the space to grow into their future, and gain value over time.

From our state-of-the art homebuyer education course that has helped over 700K people into their homes since its inception, to our newest digital homebuyer and homeownership experience—KeepHome—our mission to support homeowners continues to grow every year, and so does our team!

As we leverage the power of technology to strengthen communities one homeowner at a time, the individual contributions of our tight-knit team play a vital, daily role in shaping our products and services. Creative thinking, collaboration, and problem solving are at the core of the Framework culture, and we’re seeking team members with drive and ingenuity to add to the mix.

Come join us!


The position description is a guide to the critical duties and essential functions of the job, not an all-inclusive list of responsibilities, qualifications, physical demands and work environment conditions. Position descriptions are reviewed and revised to meet Framework’s changing needs, at the sole discretion of management.",4.2,"Framework Homeownership
4.2","Boston, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Education Training Services,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
389,"Scientist 2, Data Analytics","$65k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Areté Associates seeks highly motivated, technically talented and intellectually agile individuals to perform challenging and important work in the areas of signature discovery and exploitation algorithms; detection, classification and tracking algorithms; and design, analysis and performance optimization of robust, real-world advanced analytics software solutions.

The Data Analytics group at Areté has position openings for entry- to mid-level research scientists at our headquarters in Northridge, California.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Conceive, design, prototype and implement advanced algorithms aimed at generating solutions to critical problems

Assess algorithm performance on real-world data

Support multiple projects throughout the company

Engage customers and collaborators to provide technical results and recommendations

Document results via written reports, briefings and well-commented code

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s, Master’s or PhD degree in physical sciences, engineering, or mathematics with 0-8 years’ experience

Ability to quickly pick up “on the fly” new skills and develop expertise necessary to provide the best possible solution

Experience in scientific programming using Python, C++, Matlab, or similar high-level languages

Excellent interpersonal communications, technical writing, and briefing skills

Ability to work with minimal supervision and collaborate on small teams

Agility to work multiple potentially disparate projects simultaneously

Proven capability to develop creative solutions to complex technical problems

Intellectual curiosity and high motivation to solve challenging problems

U.S. citizenship and ability to acquire a security clearance

Desired Qualifications:

Experience in any of the following areas: machine learning, including artificial intelligence and deep learning; data analysis, statistical signal processing, spectroscopy, bioinformatics, data fusion, natural language processing, algorithm development

Experience with the Department of Defense (DoD) or the Intelligence Community (IC)

Current security clearance

Areté Associates offers an excellent compensation and a full benefits package. U.S. citizenship, background screen and drug test are required to meet position eligibility. Please submit your resume on-line at: http://www.arete.com

Areté Associates is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career center as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation, contact a Arete Associates Human Resources Representative.

Areté will consider for employment-qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring.

#IND123

Back Share
Apply Now",3.7,"Areté
3.7","Northridge, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
390,Senior Data Scientist,"$112k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to develop innovative solutions for customers and internal product teams. We look to rapidly prototype solutions and deploy the most promising of them. We identify and leverage the latest techniques (fast.ai is a team favorite) so that our customers can stay one step ahead. On every project you'll learn something new (and likely teach us something as well).

Responsibilities include:
Develop solutions spanning multiple subject areas, from NLP to image and video.
Maintain awareness of state-of-the-art machine learning and techniques, methods and platforms, including commercial and open source.
Implement, configure and test machine learning and deep learning libraries and platforms (e.g. fast.ai, TensorFlow, Keras, XGBoost, LightGBM).
Test solutions on AWS using services such as SageMaker, EC2, and Snowball Edge.
Write blog posts and presentations that clearly communicate complex machine learning concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Contribute to visually-appealing, web-enabled prototype applications that illustrate relevant machine learning capabilities.
Basic Qualifications:
Experience with Python (2+ years).
Experience with machine learning or statistics (2+ years).
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively.
High levels of curiosity, creativity, and problem-solving capabilities.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Comfortable navigating the command line.
Desired Skills:
Research experience in machine learning specific to natural language processing, computer vision, or deep learning.
Experience with managing data and creating algorithms using AWS.
Experience with R, Java, or other programming languages.
Security Clearance:
Active TS/SCI with polygraph required.
Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Herndon, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
391,Data Analyst,"$40k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview:
Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of more than 600 individuals comprised of nationally-renowned educators, curriculum experts, developers, artists, writers, designers, engineers, producers, product managers, analysts and marketing experts! Together we develop engaging, effective digital learning technology and content to help children build a strong academic foundation for lifelong success.
Our flagship product ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy® is a comprehensive online curriculum and the #1 digital learning product for young children. To-date, more than 30 million children worldwide have completed over 7 billion Learning Activities on ABCmouse. We recently launched Adventure Academy, the first massively multiplayer online (MMO) game designed specifically to help elementary- and middle-school-aged children learn. It features thousands of engaging Learning Activities—including minigames, books, original animated and live action series, and more—in a fun and safe virtual world. Other Age of Learning programs include immersive English language learning products for children in China and Japan; ReadingIQ, a digital library and literacy platform; and a groundbreaking personalized, adaptive digital learning system that individualizes math instruction for every child through AI-driven technology.

We are committed to helping all children succeed. We provide our educational programs at no cost to teachers, Head Start programs, public libraries, and other community organizations, and have served millions of children through these initiatives. We recently established the Age of Learning Foundation to expand this work globally.
As we expand our global reach and increase the educational impact of our programs, we’re looking for passionate, ambitious, and collaborative leaders to become a part of our growing team.


Summary:
We are seeking a strong, highly-motivated, results-oriented Data Analyst to help conduct in-depth analyses and derive relevant insights. You will be an integral part of a newly-formed central analytics team and your work will influence business operations and strategy throughout the company.
Responsibilities:
Partner closely with stakeholders from a variety of teams, including the executive team, curriculum, brand marketing, partnerships, strategy and customer success, to surface insights and learnings that solve key business challenges
Create, report and interpret key metrics to assess performance, measure the impact of strategic initiatives, and identify ways to grow revenue and reduce costs
Support A/B and multivariate testing of user behavior to inform media tactics, audience acquisition and targeting, churn, lifetime value, product and content recommendations and personalized experiences
Create beautiful and informative automated/real-time dashboards and visualizations
Identify actionable insights that positively affect both company revenue and learning outcomes for children
Drive data capture and data integrity requirements while partnering with other teams so that the right data is captured
Maintain vigilant eye on data quality
Communicate results to technical and non-technical stakeholders
Required Qualifications:
At least 2 years in an analytical/product focused role, preferably from a digital environment
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field; or two to four years related experience and/or training
Must be able to understand and analyze data, synthesizing large volumes of data and complex questions into clear analyses and actionable findings.
Strong analytical reporting skills and visualization skills
Knowledge of statistic, including hypothesis testing, distributions and correlation and regression analysis
Proficient in SQL and at least one visualization tool, preferably Tableau
Collaborative problem-solving skills with an entrepreneurial attitude and results-oriented mind set
Ability to identify edge cases and solve practical problems
Hard-working, curious, motivated team-payer who is passionate about data
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with testing and optimization a plus, ideally in a digital environment
Experience in games or education a plus
We Provide:
Medical, Dental, Vision + 401k
Highly competitive PTO policy
Casual Dress Code
Snacks + Drinks (Coca Cola Freestyle Machine)
Gaming room including an Arcade (2,000+ games)
Frequent team and company outings
Limitless opportunities for professional growth!",3.2,"Age of Learning
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,K-12 Education,Education,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
392,"Senior Product Data Analyst, Consumer","$58k-$106k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Car shopping is complicated. At CarGurus, we use data and technology to make it simple, giving people the tools they need to confidently find, buy, finance, or sell a car. The best part? Our work makes a real impact. We're the most-visited car-shopping site in the US, and we're expanding globally. Ready to come along for the ride?

About the Role

At CarGurus we use data, not hunches, to inform decisions. Product Analysts play a key role in crafting the data narrative for these decisions. We love to collaborate, we're excited by a challenge, and we believe that ownership enables us to grow.

This Product Analyst role will support the Consumer Products team, where you will have opportunities for outsized positive impact. Your data insights will play a big part in helping millions of site visitors have a more transparent and enjoyable car shopping experience. We are looking for thoughtful, daringly curious candidates who can dive into complex data and draw insightful conclusions. You'll work cross-functionally with many departments and partners, and gain exposure to multiple dimensions of the business.

Our team values diversity in experience and backgrounds—we do our best work when we create a space for different voices and perspectives. Whatever unique experiences or skill sets you bring to the table, we look forward to learning from each other

What You'll Do:
Conduct exploratory data analysis across disparate data sources (e.g. website usage, dealer behavior patterns and customer insights) to understand the performance of existing products and see opportunities for new product offerings
Partner with the product, engineering, marketing, sales, and finance departments to grow our business, including recommending and advocating for performance improvement ideas
Define metrics to evaluate business performance, products and experiments; build reports and dashboards to monitor and understand them
Communicate and present data analysis, visualizations, and insights to key partners
Be a voice and advocate for using data to improve the quality of our decision making
Mentor data analysts on technical and professional development
Who You Are:
4+ years of experience in data analysis (experience in consumer internet, digital marketing or SaaS product data a plus)
Proficiency in SQL and Python/R, or other scripting language
Strong grasp of statistical concepts (confidence intervals, hypothesis testing, regression models)
Knowledge of BI and reporting tools, or demonstrated ability in learning new tool
Ability to influence multiple stakeholders to adopt new data-driven approaches and achieve shared business goals
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
CarGurus Culture:

At CarGurus, we invest in our people's professional growth with everything from learning and development programs to tuition reimbursement. Want to work on projects that expand your skill set without sacrificing your work/life balance? You got it. We also strive to provide perks and benefits that employees actually care about like free lunch, commuter subsidies, and more. That includes equity in the company—our way of showing that we want you here for the long haul.

We work hard every day to build the world's most trusted and transparent automotive marketplace, but trust and transparency don't just apply to our consumers. They extend to our talent, too. We aim to create a workplace where everyone feels they can bring the ultimate expression of themselves and their potential—where you don't just fit, you thrive. We don't discriminate based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

In addition to the US, CarGurus operates sites in Canada, the UK. We have offices in Cambridge, MA; Detroit, MI; Dublin, Ireland; San Francisco, CA and London, UK. Check out our careers page to learn more.",3.9,"CarGurus
3.9","Cambridge, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
393,Medical Lab Scientist / MLT (ASCP Certified) - Molecular/Micro,"$20-$28 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:

ASCP or AMT Certification is required for this role. MLS and MLT will be considered.

We have openings available on Evening and Night shift.

Cleveland Clinic is offering a $2,500 sign on bonus (external new hires).

Diploma and transcripts must be provided prior to interviewing. Education will be verified. Education outside of the USA requires diploma & transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from a reputable agency.

Performs and interprets tests at all complexity levels. Demonstrates an understanding of the theory and scientific principles of laboratory testing as well as the technical, procedural and problem solving aspects. Correlates abnormal laboratory data with pathological states, determines the validity of test results and the need for additional tests. Determines the validity of test results through the monitoring and/or verifying of quality controls, standards, etc. Communicates test results, reference ranges, specimen requirements, and other pertinent information to authorized sources.

Job Responsibilities:

Follows the laboratory's procedures for specimen handling and processing, test analyses, reporting and maintaining records of patient test results.
Performs laboratory testing in a compliant manner.
Maintains regulatory knowledge and awareness as it pertains to specific job duties.
Adheres to the laboratory's quality control policies, document all quality control activities, instrument and procedural calibrations and maintenance performed.
Assumes responsibility for and takes action regarding any quality control or quality assurance issues as it pertains to specific job duties.
Maintains instruments and equipment in accordance with manufacturer’s specifications.
Assumes responsibility for good documentation practices and maintains clear and legible records.
Performs proficiency testing in compliance with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) regulations i.e. analyze proficiency survey sample in the same manner as a patient specimens, no communication with other CLIA laboratories, complete record retention and accurate documentation and result reporting.
Assumes responsibility for participation in continuing education, professional development and required annual competency assessment.
Follows the laboratory's established policies and procedures whenever test systems are not within the laboratory's established acceptable levels of performance.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or reporting of test results and either must correct the problems or immediately notify the General Supervisor, Technical Supervisor, Clinical Consultant, or Laboratory Director.
Exercises good judgment, analytical and problem solving/troubleshooting skills.
Recommends solutions and improvements.
Documents all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory's established performance specifications.
May function in an educator and provides instruction and training in theory, technical skills, safety protocols, and the application of laboratory test protocols to students, employees, residents, etc.
Other duties as assigned.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology from a four-year college or university.

OR

Meets the CLIA qualifications for high complexity testing personnel grandfathering clauses.
See Code of Federal Regulations, Title 42, §493.1489(b)(3), §493.1489(b)(4), §493.1489(b)(5), §493.1491 Standards; High Complexity Testing Personnel Qualifications.
Diploma and/or transcripts must be provided.
Education will be verified.
Education outside of the United States requires diploma/transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from by an HHS approved agency or nationally recognized organization such as NACES (National Association Credential Evaluation Services, Inc) or AICE (Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc).

Certifications:

Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT) or certification eligible preferred, from the American Society of Clinical Pathology (ASCP) or American Medical Technologists (AMT).

Competencies (Complexity of Work):

Requires critical thinking skills, decisive judgment and the ability to work unsupervised or with minimal supervision.
Must be able to work in a stressful environment and take appropriate action.

Work Experience:

None Required

Physical Requirements:

Physical demands include: Visual acuity to study specimens under a microscope.
The ability to distinguish colors.
Fine motor skills and manual dexterity to handle specimens and lab equipment required to process specimens and repair equipment.
May be required to stand for long periods of time.
Light lifting may be required.
May be exposed to hazardous chemicals, biohazards, radioactive materials, etc.

Personal Protective Equipment:

Follows standard precautions using personal protective equipment as required.

#LI-EM1

Keywords: Medical Technologist, MLT, MLS, MT, ASCP, AMT, laboratory, lab, testing, pathology

The policy of Cleveland Clinic and its system hospitals (Cleveland Clinic) is to provide equal opportunity to all of our employees and applicants for employment in our tobacco free and drug free environment. All offers of employment are followed by testing for controlled substance and nicotine. Job offers will be rescinded for candidates for employment who test positive for nicotine. Candidates for employment who are impacted by Cleveland Clinic’s Smoking Policy will be permitted to reapply for open positions after 90 days. Decisions concerning employment, transfers and promotions are made upon the basis of the best qualified candidate without regard to color, race, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, ancestry, status as a disabled or Vietnam era veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. Information provided on this application may be shared with any Cleveland Clinic facility.

Cleveland Clinic is pleased to be an equal employment employer: Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities",3.8,"Cleveland Clinic
3.8","Cleveland, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1921,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
394,"Scientist, CAR T Cell Potency Enhancements",-1,"Allogene Therapeutics, with headquarters in South San Francisco, is a clinical-stage biotechnology company pioneering the development of allogeneic chimeric antigen receptor T cell (AlloCAR T™) therapies for cancer. Led by a world-class management team with significant experience in cell therapy, Allogene is developing a pipeline of “off-the-shelf” CAR T cell therapy candidates with the goal of delivering readily available cell therapy on-demand, more reliably, and at greater scale to more patients. For more information, please visit www.allogene.com, and follow @AllogeneTx on Twitter and LinkedIn.

Job Description:

Allogene Therapeutics is seeking a highly motivated individual to evaluate CAR T cell modifications aimed at enhancing efficacy against solid tumors. The successful applicant will support the preclinical in vivo characterization of CAR T cell enhancements, including but not limited to Allogene’s TurboCARTM technology. The ideal candidate is an individual who is excited to take on new challenges in a dynamic and highly collaborative environment.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Execute in vivo studies to assess CAR T cell anti-tumor efficacy and safety using mouse models
Harvest and process mouse tissues, and perform immunophenotyping ex vivo
Cell culture, including cell line maintenance and CAR T cell generation as needed
Analysis and interpretation of experimental data
Work collaboratively with other biologists and protein engineers
Maintain detailed records of experimental protocols and results
Stay abreast of latest scientific and technology advancements in the field
Present at group meetings and project team meetings
Other duties as assigned

Position Requirements & Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in Biology or related field with at least 5 years of experience or a Master’s degree with at least 3 years of experience in an academic and/or industrial setting
Academic experience in immunology or cellular biology
Proficiency in mouse handling and in vivo techniques, such as dosing (e.g. subcutaneous, intravenous and intraperitoneal), blood collection, bioluminescent imaging, caliper measurement, and tissue harvesting, is essential
Experience with immunological assays, such as multi-color flow cytometry, ELISA and cytotoxicity, is highly preferred
Experience with aseptic technique and good cell culture practice is highly preferred
Proficiency in the use of software tools to support data analysis tasks (e.g., Prism, FlowJo, Word, Excel and PowerPoint)
A willingness to learn and adopt new experimental skills as needed
Excellent organizational skills and an ability to maintain detailed documentation
Comfortable in a fast-paced small company environment with minimal direction and able to adjust workload based upon changing priorities
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Strong interpersonal skills including verbal and written communication are essential in this collaborative work environment
Candidates must be authorized to work in the U.S.

As an equal opportunity employer, Allogene Inc. is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants who require accommodation in the job application process may contact the careers email at www.allogene.com for assistance.

For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please view the ‘EEO is the Law’ poster.

#LI-MT1",5.0,"Allogene Therapeutics
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
395,Data Analyst Senior,"$48k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst Senior

Analyze data and design/generate reports that evaluate program performance for both internal and external clients. Analyze industry trends and results to support strategies

GENERAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develop distribution ready reports, analyses, and presentations on book of business as well as individual clients or departments. Work closely with Sales Team to meet client data reporting needs
Create proactive analyses comparing our results to industry data to evaluate program performance for internal management and external clients
Identify and research anomalies and outliers in data
Conceive and execute new Anaplan solutions to support new business objectives and initiatives
Assist or lead department projects or initiatives
Prepare communication and makes presentations
Perform ad hoc data trend analysis and reporting
Conceive and execute new Anaplan solutions to support new business objectives and initiatives
Assist or lead department projects or initiatives
Prepare communication and makes presentations
Perform ad hoc data trend analysis and reporting
Conceive and execute new Anaplan solutions to support new business objectives and initiatives
Assist or lead department projects or initiatives
Prepare communication and makes presentations
Perform ad hoc data trend analysis and reporting
Conceive and execute new Anaplan solutions to support new business objectives and initiatives
Assist or lead department projects or initiatives
Prepare communication and makes presentations
Perform ad hoc data trend analysis and reporting
Conceive and execute new Anaplan solutions to support new business objectives and initiatives
Assist or lead department projects or initiatives
Prepare communication and makes presentations
Perform ad hoc data trend analysis and reporting
Identify problematic areas and conduct research to determine the best course of action to correct the data
Identify process improvement opportunities and work with key stakeholders to develop and implement effective solutions
Participates in high level business initiatives and assist with all levels of metric reporting
Report Automation- work with IT to publish reports based on business needs/requests
Performs the analysis, exploring all appropriate options, and performing constant validation against existing data/reporting throughout
Serves as data steward to validate high profile or external data to ensure accurate reporting
Monitor and perform trend analysis for the company and research report on anomalies
Proactively manage report development meeting the expectations of format and delivery timeframe
Develop optimal data management and reporting practices, including best practice identification
Client network usage analysis, and missed opportunity/leakage analysis
EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor’s Degree required in Economics, Business Administration, Finance or the equivalent combination of education, training, and work experience.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES:

Knowledge of One Call’s products and services
Beginner to Intermediate to SQL querying skills
Advanced working knowledge of Microsoft Excel
Business Objects/Business Intelligence experience desirable
Typically requires experience in relational database structures, research methods, sampling techniques, and system testing
Proficient in working with large-scale business data sets, fluent in scripting and rapid prototyping skills including expertise in SAS, WEKA, SPSS, as well as C/C++/SQL, Perl or Java
Excellent written and oral communication skills, especially in conveying technical concepts to non-technical audiences
Strong attention to detail to ensure accuracy and provide validation of results
Strong analytical skills and ability to identify appropriate analytical approaches depending on the business need

Data Analyst Senior

Advanced professional role. Expert/lead role. Highly-skilled with extensive proficiency. Develops large and/or complex solutions that require analysis and research. Works on multiple projects as a project leader or frequently as the subject matter expert. Works on projects/issues of medium to high complexity that require demonstrated knowledge across multiple analytical areas and business segments. Coaches and mentors more junior data analysts. Works under minimal supervision on complex projects. Wide latitude for independent judgment. Typically requires a minimum of eight years’ experience in analytics, data science, business intelligence or decision support functions in technology, management consulting or related industries with mastery level excel experience and strong proficiency in SQL database.

EEO Employer

841 Prudential Dr, Suite 204
Jacksonville, Florida, 32207
United States",3.2,"One Call
3.2","Jacksonville, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
396,Principal Data Engineer,-1,"Job Description: Principal Data Engineer

Role

As a Principal Data Engineer at Zylotech, you have experience with and knowledge of the rapidly evolving ecosystem of cloud-native software. The successful candidate will:
Be well versed in structured and unstructured data
Be able to build the pipelines that move data throughout the enterprise
Know a ton about data; how to clean it, move it and store it
Deeply familiarity with cloud tech and infrastructure
We are looking for a team player with experience developing applications for large enterprises. You will be experienced in agile product development methodologies. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record showing commitment to and sense of urgency for project timelines. This position will report to the VP of Engineering.

Responsibilities will include:
Technical design and implementation of features in Zylotech’s CDP Platform to improve distributed database installation, upgrade, orchestration, administration, configuration, and diagnostics
Influence the design of database clustering & fault tolerance features based on their interaction with the deployment mechanisms
Provide technical leadership and support for junior members of the team by conducting thorough design and code reviews
Diagnose, debug, and resolve technical issues discovered during the development process and coming from customers
Partner and collaborate with Product Management to define, prioritize and implement product features
Participate in and provide leadership to Agile/Scrum ceremonies
Organization

You will report to the VP of Engineering.

Required Skills:
5+ years of experience in software development in a software product environment developing Linux applications, including: NodeJS, Python, or other Linux-based development products
Strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software engineering practices for sustainable development
Fluent in Python programming on Linux
Experience using or building infrastructure-as-code tools such as Docker or Kubernetes
Experience building or operating solutions on cloud platforms like AWS and GCP
Technical / project lead, architecture, and other experience desired
Expertise with development of RESTful Web Services
Experience with Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery
Ability to collaborate in a team environment, and able to adapt effectively and quickly to a rapidly changing environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Experience or comfort working in a startup environment
Team player
Desired Skills:
SaaS platform development and support
Experience with Snowflake
Experience with Google Cloud Platform, AWS and Cloud applications
Apache Airflow
devops
Docker
Kubernetes
CircleCI
Git
Jira
Distributed systems
Systems programing
Networking
Security
Operating system integration
About Zylotech

Zylotech is a self-learning customer intelligence platform that helps marketers create complete customer profiles for targeting revenue opportunities more effectively. Powered by AutoML, the platform continuously unifies and enriches internal and external data, and performs ongoing micro-segmentation, pattern discovery, and recommendations, all while integrating with a variety of marketing clouds for on-demand accessibility. Zylotech’s cross-industry clients have reported up to a 6x increase in customer lift. For more information, visit Zylotech.com.

Zylotech is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant because of race, creed, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, veteran status, military status, application for military service or any other class protected by state or federal law.

To all recruitment agencies: Zylotech does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Zylotech employees or any other company location. Zylotech is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly.

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer-sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.

Zylotech participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your

Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. For more

information on E-Verify please contact the Department of Homeland Security at

dhs.gov/e-verify or 888-897-7781.",3.4,"Zylotech
3.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
397,SAP Data Analyst,"$75k-$100k
(Employer Est.)","POSITION PURPOSE:

The Data Analyst will be part of the OWI Analytic team, working closely with our business partners, proactively developing and delivering analytic solutions. The primary deliverables include creating data visualization such as Dashboards, Charts, Histograms and Projective Analysis. This will be accomplished by utilizing OWI data architecture, data workflows from local data sources.

OWI is a fast-paced and dynamic organization. Individuals will be handling multiple activities in a team as well as individual contributor environment.

DUTIES, TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Experience and expertise creating visualizations that provide business insights for our global customers. Examples: Pie Charts, Dashboards, Cash-flow projections with Histograms– Projections analysis– Financial Analysis – KPI’s Service level Agreements
Expertise in SQL, independently mine data to translate Business data needs into creative visualizations.
Performance tuning specific to Tableau data sets– requires in depth understanding of data.
Assist the Enterprise Data Warehouse team create, design data models that will be published to our Tableau environment.
Assess data quality, design data quality management procedures, clean and correct data quality defects, establish data governance.
Experienced utilizing HANA studio including calculations and analytical views, data base schemas, creating attribute user/role creation.
Assist setting up security, Analytic privileges, user integration services, SQL script, SLT, SDA, SDI and HANA Live solution models.
Demonstrate critical thinking, analytical skills, and employ judgment to offer thoughtful, concise input toward resolutions of problems.
Assist team building the BW4HANA modeler including standard and custom development and deployment of EWD design building BW objects e.g. Composite Providers, Advanced DSO’s, ODS Views, Data Sources, Data Loading using SLT.
Requires the skill set to work with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams and data analysts/scientists to develop data visualizations that provide business insights
Finance/Operations/Sales/Marketing/IT functional leads PTP/PTM/RTR etc.
Projects management capabilities - include requirements gathering, design, deployment, and change request, future enhancements management
Capabilities to build/design prototypes to demo to stakeholders - peer groups, Business partners, and senior leaders.
Training and support peers and stakeholders e.g. Subject Matter Expert (SME) throughout the report creations and support - troubleshooting, analysis of results.
Leadership skills needed to successfully promote ideas, coordinate work activities, and plan deliverables within a project team.


SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES:


Advanced expert database handling languages (SQL and variants)
Experience with data analytics, diagrams, data dictionary, data mapping, normalize de-normalize, agile data modeling
Practical skill sets in BI and Data visualization tools
Working knowledge of ETL
Working knowledge of SAP
Basic Project Management and Business Process modeling
Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering Technology, Computer Science, or closely related field.
A minimum of 3 years’ experience in Tableau, SAP Data Governance, SAP Data Services (Data Extract, Data Profiling, de-duplication)
Advanced competency in Tableau and Alteryx
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with a strong focus on the ability to clearly articulate and discuss technical issues with both technical and business personnel.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Math or a related IT field or equivalent work experience in an IT field required
Strong analytical skills, able to effectively solve problems in a timely manner",3.1,"Old World Industries
3.1","Northbrook, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
398,"Clinical Lab Scientist - $2,000 Sign On Virtual Hiring Event","$18-$29 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Edward-Elmhurst Health Virtual Hiring Event!

Event Details
Date: Friday, October 9, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Phlebotomist - $500 Sign On

Outpatient Care Tech - $500 Sign On

Lab Processing Tech - $500 Sign On

Clinical Lab Scientist - $2,000 Sign On

Intake Details:

Requirements

Phlebotomist/Lab Processing Tech/ Outpatient Care Tech- High School Diploma or higher

Outpatient Care Tech- Current CPR Certification BLS/American Heart Association

Clinical Lab Scientist- Associate's Degree or higher and ASCP Certification (NEW GRADS WELCOME)

ALL Positions-Valid Driver's License and Auto Insurance

Technical requirements

The interview will take place on Indeed's virtual interviewing platform. After RSVP, you will find a link in your email that will lead you directly to the video interview lobby during the event. Try to find a quiet place with good lighting and a stable internet connection.

What to bring to this event

Resume or apply to a specific job at https://www.eehealth.org/careers/

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Casual (come as you are, but please be presentable).

About Edward-Elmhurst Health

Edward-Elmhurst Health includes three hospitals — Edward Hospital, Elmhurst Hospital, and Linden Oaks Behavioral Health — and an extensive ambulatory care network that provides comprehensive healthcare to residents of the west and southwest suburbs of Chicago. Edward-Elmhurst Health provides comprehensive healthcare at more than 60 locations in the suburbs of Chicago. Our success has always been — and always will be — driven by our most talented, reliable, compassionate and skilled people, who genuinely believe in delivering top quality care to our patients and their families. At Edward-Elmhurst Health, you will also experience a vibrant culture and an atmosphere of nurturing support and leadership.

Be DRIVEN to join our over 8,000 employees, 1,700 staff physicians and 1,800 volunteers who want to provide safe, seamless and personalized care every day for our patients, our families and our communities.

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

Performs various clinical laboratory tests in one or more sections of the Laboratory in order to obtain data for use in diagnosis and treatment of disease.",3.9,"Edward-Elmhurst Health
3.9","Naperville, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
399,Geospatial Data Scientist,-1,"GEOSPATIAL DATA SCIENTIST*
\*\*\*Must have an active DoD Top Secret / SCI Security Clearance\*\*\*
Job Description: *
We currently have an immediate position available for a Geospatial Data Scientist to support a large task order for the Department of Defense at our customer site in Washington, DC. As a member of our core team, you will have an exciting and challenging opportunity to work with emerging technology and a large collection of data sources, engage with a large team of highly skilled professionals, and enjoy a healthy and friendly workplace.
Minimum Requirements: *
8+ years MINIMUM of experience in Intelligence Analysis
Bachelors or Masters degree in Intelligence Analysis, related field, or equivalent experience.
Ability to create high quality finished geospatial intelligence products requiring minimal revisions or modifications.
Must have experience using geospatial intelligence analysis and imagery tools such as ArcGIS, Analyst Notebook, Q-GIS, Image Product Library, and Intelink.
Familiarity with Modernized Integrated Database (MIDB), NES, M3, Data Xplorer suite, Target - Profiler, and other community systems are desirable
Ability to work with and identify patterns of life in very large data repositories and cross-correlate metadata across multiple data sources.
Ability to identify new emerging data sources that provides value to the overall mission requirements.
Python scripting and Jupyter experience a strong plus.
Ability to work independently with minimal oversight.
Strong communication and leadership skills.
Responsibilities: *
Conduct research and analysis of data and create finished intelligence products.
Review data ingest streams for anomalies in support of QA/QC activities.
Validate accuracy of geolocations in big data systems using sampling and vetting techniques.
Coordinate data requirements with collection teams and developers.
Perform light scripting in support of analysis and QA/QC.
Populate various databases with results of analytical findings.
Disseminate a broad array of intelligence data analysis products dealing with subject profiles, networks, facilities, and resources.
Our Company: *
BigBear, Inc.* is a software development company with locations in San Diego, Washington DC, Charlottesville, and Reston, VA. Our mission is to enable big data computing and analytics for our customers at a low cost. We leverage capabilities such as machine learning, crowdsourcing, geospatial image processing, and Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) data processing using our on-premise cloud computing technology stack. Our solutions provide a unique offering of products, custom-built software, and services focused within Big Data Analytics, Geospatial Information Systems (GIS), Visualization and Cloud Computing to our Department of Defense, and Commercial customers. We currently have exciting and challenging career opportunities for talented, motivated individuals who want to be part of a fast-growing company.
Our Team: *
We like to play with new toys and technologies. We like to break things to see if we can put them back together again in a better way. Our tails wag when we hear the words Big Data, Geospatial or Machine Learning. Each team member provides a unique set of advanced technical skills and trade that contributes to our overall success.
Perks/Benefits: *
· 100% employer-paid for Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance (PPO)
· A competitive salary based on experience
· Flexible Spending Account (FSA) - optional
· 401(k) with dollar-for-dollar match up to 6%
· A warm, cozy office with actual chairs and tables
· Life and Disability Insurance 100% paid for by the company
· Education Assistance
· 529 College Savings Plan - optional
· Healthy Rewards Program
· Pre-paid Legal & Identity Theft Protection - optional
· Gym Reimbursement
· Pet Insurance - optional
· A shiny magical machine that does wonderful things
· Flexible Hours
· Unlimited Coffee, Drinks and Snacks
· 6 WEEKS of Paid Time Off (PTO) on top of 11 Paid Holidays!
BigBear is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled*
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $81,622.00 - $163,069.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"BigBear, Inc.
4.4","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
400,Data Analyst,-1,"Who We Are

At Christian Care Ministry we believe that Christians can, and should, share in one another's burdens. Through the use of Medi-Share®, a Christian Healthcare Ministry, we cultivate that belief.

The Team

Everyone at Christian Care Ministry agrees to our Statement of Faith which outlines our core beliefs. Although we aren't perfect people, we are serving our perfect God to the best of our ability.

We work hard to serve our members, but know we can only do that if we invest in our employees professionally, financially, physically, and spiritually. Through times of prayer, weekly Chapel services, plenty of professional development, an onsite gym, 401(k) and, great benefits, we purposefully invest in our employees so that our employees can invest in others.

The Role

The Data Analyst conducts statistical analysis and modeling on various datasets across the organization, identifying and presenting actionable analytics and insights to all levels of management. You will be responsible for generation, maintenance and delivery (ad hoc, on-demand and automated) of basic reporting and data requests throughout the organization. Utilizing numerous types of data, both modeled and disparate, this analyst will produce accurate, timely reports as requested for various levels of management that is essential for decision-making and performance management. With strong proficiency in several technical coding skillsets, this position is able to write complex, accurate code to extract ministry data for analysis purposes with little supervision.

In This Role You Will...
Support in designing, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions organization-wide. Additionally, this role will maintain proper documentation for all ad-hoc, on-demand and standard/regularly-occurring reports distributed.
Takes initiative to learn new types of data with regular guidance from BI leadership by exploring data as well as research into business processes/workflows generating the data
Gains understanding that is critical for delivering accurate report results.
Works with Data Governance to ensure new data is properly documented and understood.
Pursues and shows consistent growth in relevant, technical skills such as SQL, SSRS & Sales Force reporting.
Accumulates and retains knowledge of business practices/procedures at CCM quickly, using this information to think critically about all reporting requests received.
Builds accurate views and queries for use by the organization and potentially other BI analysts, utilizing SQL best practices and adhering to coding standards as set forth by CCM's Data Services team.
Assists in conversion of legacy/queries reports in Microsoft Access to other tools like SQL, SSRS, Sales Force Reporting or Tableau
Learns to address expected and unforeseen data issues to ensure the accuracy of reports, ensuring any resulting business decisions are made from accurate findings.
Works in collaboration with the data owners/stewards to improve data quality where possible
Establishes strong working relationships with the business, taking the initiative to help internal customers refine the scope of reporting requests to ensure internal customers are asking for the data they actually want.
Partners with Data Services and Governance team to address Data Quality and Governance issues that arise, making recommendations as necessary for trends/issues that are discovered
Collaborates with the BI team to develop relevant and repeatable policies and procedures for preparing business reports and departmental processes
Under the direction/guidance of BI's Tableau Developer/Data Analyst, develops dashboards and visualizations in Tableau for consumption by the organization as assigned by department leadership.
Collaborates effectively inter- and intra-departmentally to assist team in reaching desired outcomes
In This Role You Must Have…
Proficiency and knowledge in SQL and Tableau
Understanding of modern business analytics technology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Advanced Microsoft Office skills including Excel and Powerpoint
Ability to multi-task and work effectively under pressure
Detail-oriented mindset with passion to understand data and ensure accuracy
Ability to think and work independently
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, information science, engineering, data science or relevant field
0-2 years' relevant working experience
Experience working with Healthcare data is required
Experience with statistical modeling tool(s) required",3.2,"Christian Care Ministry
3.2","Melbourne, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
401,Associate Data Scientist – Network Analysis and Control,"$73k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE’s Infrastructure and Networking Technical Center is looking for a motivated and passionate early career data scientist to join our Network Analytics department. As part of a collaborative team of scientists and engineers, you will have an opportunity to apply machine learning and data-centric approaches to complex networks. Our multidisciplinary team thrives on the opportunity to tackle new challenges in the public interest, looking for solutions that no one else has considered. We approach problems with an entrepreneurial mindset, a willingness to take risks, and a desire to advance the state of the art for intelligent networks, all while contributing to MITRE’s mission of Solving Problems for a Safer World.

Responsibilities include:
Develop prototypes of intelligent network capabilities in MITRE advanced labs
Work on collaborative research teams to develop innovative solutions using commercial and MITRE developed technologies
Conduct performance assessments of current and emerging technologies
Execute data science research beginning at data wrangling and cleaning all the way through to reporting and visualization
Scale solutions to work across large enterprises and large data sets
Analyze data from network sensor systems and integrate additional data sources for improved outcomes
Communicate technical approach and findings to internal and external stakeholders
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in related fields outlined below, or equivalent knowledge and skills.
Computer Science
Software Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Mathematics
Information Systems, Information Technology, SW Engineering
Operations Research
Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances.
Required Qualifications:
A passion for technology and a desire to learn
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems
Knowledge of various machine learning paradigms (deep learning, reinforcement learning, neural networks, etc.) with an understanding of mathematical underpinnings of various models
Hands-on software development skills in a modern programming language (e.g. Python, R, Scala, Java)
Working knowledge of data science workflow from data acquisition to reporting findings
Strong understanding of streaming and batch data workflows, including message queues, processing directed acyclic graphs (DAGs) and data stores
Obtain and maintain a Secret level security clearance
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or similar field
Experience working with Big Data tools (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Kafka)
Experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j, Elasticsearch)
Familiarity with cloud-based environments like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, or Microsoft Azure
Experience conducting original research using data science techniques, including machine learning, statistical modeling, and data visualization
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations leveraging a modern programming language
Familiarity with basic networking and security concepts/capabilities such as TCP/IP stack, routing, and firewalls
Exposure to network programmability concepts such as software define networking and programmable data planes
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","Bedford, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
402,Data Analyst,"$42k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Sapphire Digital seeks a dynamic and driven mid-level Data Analyst/QA to join our growing New Jersey team with experience in the healthcare domain. This role will perform in-depth analysis of our internal data management systems to identify, analyze, and interpret trends and/or patterns in order to provide actionable recommendations for data integrity. The Data Analyst/QA will work closely with multiple internal teams to collaborate on different stages of the data lifecycle and assist in developing data quality processes.
In this position, you'll be responsible for:
Preparing and conducting analyses and studies, needs assessment, and requirements analysis to align systems and solutions
Overseing data QA functions to ensure data integrity and accuracy
Monitoring all production data processes and validation systems
Performing data investigations, root cause analysis, data profiling, and data lineage activities
Performing research and provides recommendations for data processes and updates
Reviewing and analyzes specific data elements for accuracy and quality assurance
Driving the resolution of the identified data quality problems
Maintaining documentation as required
Partnering with BI in the development of reports and presentations
Maintaining data quality rules, data standards and data governance policies
Supporting special project work as assigned by the data managers
Collaborating effectively with cross functional teams including Data, Business Intelligence, Business Applications, and Engineering

You might be a good fit if you have:
Bachelor's degree (B. A. / B. S.) from four-year college or university; 4+ years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience
5+ years of experience as a data analyst or in a related field
Expertise with query languages (SQL) required
Experience working with large complex datasets including healthcare data such as medical claims, clinical information, demographic data and program activity results
Exposure with one or more of the following programming languages: SAS, Python, R
Prior experience working with Healthcare data, or in the Healthcare field preferred
Experience with data visualization tools and methodologies (Excel and PowerBI)
Demonstrated experience in analyzing large data sets and relational databases
Ability to manage time and priorities of multiple projects/tasks
Displays professionalism and ability to learn quickly
Extremely detail oriented
Strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to collaborate closely with multiple teams across with a wide range of technical backgrounds",3.4,"Sapphire Digital
3.4","Lyndhurst, NJ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
403,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary

We are seeking a Sr. Data Engineer who will help develop our next generation products around data aggregation that will leverage AWS technologies for life science companies to provide insights to drive pharma brand success and improve patient outcomes. This person will serve as the technical point person for this solution, working closely with our Data Integration team, Quality Control team, and our offshore development team to advance the data aggregation solution. This is a remote position.
Responsibilities
Must understand company needs to define optimal system specifications.
Plans/ designs the technology solution, built to scale and compliant to security standards.
Communicates system requirements to software development teams.
Provide system architecture, code quality and structure, testing, and participate in development of solution.
Evaluates and selects appropriate tech stack and suggests integration methods & business impact.
Ensures the implementation of agreed architecture and infrastructure.
Work closely with technical architects and project teams to oversee product build/ release..
Resolves project challenges involving scope, design and technical problems when they arise.
Addresses technical concerns, ideas and suggestions.
Monitors systems to ensure they meet both user needs and business goals.
Work with and support various team members- developers, data scientists, product team.
Requirements
Must have a degree in computer science, information technology, or related field.
A minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience with software development in a product development environment.
Experience in project management and service-oriented architecture (SOA).
Experience in developing data platforms/ Big data and cloud technologies (e.g. AWS Glue).
Proficient in DWH/ ETL solutioning and sound knowledge of data models/ structures.
Strong SQL and Python programming skills for data analysis.
In-depth knowledge of various operating systems and databases.
Experience with working with an on-shore/off-shore model, with strong project management expertise.
Problem-solving aptitude, with a willingness to work in a fast-paced product development environment and hands-on mentality to do whatever it takes to deliver a successful product.
Knowledge in developing healthcare analytics solutions is a plus.
Understanding data standardization practices, integrating data, and security related to HIPAA is a plus.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .",3.6,"ConcertAI
3.6","King of Prussia, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
404,Principal Data Scientist,-1,"About Figure

At Figure, we're on a mission to transform financial services through blockchain, bringing speed, efficiency and savings to both consumers and institutions.

Accomplishing this kind of transformation requires building really big things. And we understand that building big requires a creative, team oriented and supportive environment where everyone can do their absolute best work. The Figure team is comprised of incredibly driven, innovative, collaborative and curious people who love architecting and building from scratch. Everyone at the company is encouraged to be an individual contributor but also a team collaborator.

We value team members who bring an entrepreneurial mindset to every task and will embrace our culture of innovation. Every day at Figure is a journey in continuous learning yet a daily focus on getting work done that makes a difference.

This is an opportunity to work with a team of proven leaders who have already created billions of dollars in value in the Fintech space. Join us!

About the Role

Each member of the Data team plays an integral part of what we are building at Figure. We rely on advanced techniques in machine learning, cloud platforms and big data to drive decisions across the organization. If you are interested in working with an impressive team of Data pros who collaborate and challenge each other, and want to solve interesting problems to propel the company's growth, apply now!

What You'll Do
Develop custom models and algorithms to apply to large datasets, as well as, processes for monitoring and analyzing their performance.
Mine and analyze data from different resources, and use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, customer acquisition, underwriting and other business outcomes.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business decisions.
Understand and apply proper risk framework to your analysis and modeling.
Collaborate cross functionally to implement models and monitor outcomes.
What We Look For
8+ years of hands on Data Science experience building Models and partnering with stakeholders to make business decisions
Credit and Risk modeling experience in consumer finance
Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on translating real-life problems into a concrete model development strategy. Blend academic rigor with a sense of pragmatism for rapidly prototyping and delivering solutions.
Experienced in using Python for analysis and modeling (TensorFlow is a big plus)
Experience applying a wide range of statistical techniques to large data sets, and understanding their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Experience using web services (AWS, GCP), and distributed data/computing tools (Spark, Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, etc.)
Excellent cross-functional communication skills.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Benefits To You
Competitive salary based on experience and skills
Firm-wide performance based bonus
Competitive stock options package as an early member of the team
A flexible paid time off and vacation policy
Comprehensive health, vision, dental insurance
Company FSA, 401k, work from home benefits
And much more to come!
Figure will not sponsor work visas for this position. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.",4.4,"Figure
4.4",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
405,Research Scientist,"$57k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview

Imagine if we could match patients with the treatments that prove the most effective for them . . .
GNS Healthcare applies a powerful form of AI called causal machine learning to predict which treatments and care management programs will work for which patients, improving individual patient outcomes and the health of populations while reducing the total cost of care.

Headquartered in the biotechnology and health IT center of Cambridge, MA, our patented REFS technology is based on recent breakthroughs in causal machine learning and AI that transforms massive quantities of patient data into computer models of disease at molecular, patient, and health system levels. These computer models power up solutions, products, and services that health plans, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems, and patient foundations utilize to slow disease progression, reduce adverse events and hospitalization, and improve therapeutic effectiveness. Our platforms and solutions have been validated across more than 45 diseases including oncology, cardiovascular and metabolic disease, autoimmune diseases, neurology, etc. and have appeared in over 50 peer-reviewed publications.

Position Summary

The research scientist will join a dynamic team responsible for start-to-finish work on the analysis and interpretation of biological datasets using GNSs powerful cloud-based analytics platform. You will have the opportunity to work on projects with a variety of goals including discovering new biology, identifying potential disease targets, developing prognostic and predictive biomarkers, defining target populations for clinical trial patient stratification, and predicting patient outcomes to treatment. Our clients focus on many areas of disease, thus allowing you to work across multiple disease areas including oncology, rare diseases, CNS, metabolic and cardiovascular.

We are looking for someone who thrives while working in a fast-paced and exciting environment in one of the most cutting-edge industries where big data analytics meets healthcare. You will carry out analysis projects using our proprietary, supercomputer-powered Bayesian network modeling and simulation platform, and will synthesize these results into meaningful reports for clients and product development.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with internal research teams and clients to evaluate study design, define research questions, write statistical analysis plans/study protocols, and conduct analyses
Integrate molecular, clinical, and epidemiological information and interpret findings to understand biological relevancy
Perform predictive and causal modeling using both proprietary and off-the-shelf tools
Develop reports and presentations for clients and collaborators
Participate in publication of findings and submissions to scientific meetings.
Troubleshoot with clients and internal stakeholders to refine and optimize models
Communicate technical results clearly and concisely to clients, discuss how to incorporate information into their processes, and achieve high client satisfaction
Complete studies of high complexity in a timeline driven manner
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications: (Title commensurate with experience)
Relevant Masters Degree (Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Biostatistics, or Epidemiology)
2 years of relevant work experience
Expert level experience programming in R
Demonstrated expertise in using computational modeling, machine learning, informatics, or mathematics to generate insights for biology in at least one of the following disease areas: oncology, cardiovascular, metabolic/CV, immunology, rare disease, neurology, etc.
Strong written and verbal communication; an ability to communicate technical material to non-technical audiences simply and clearly
Preferred Qualifications:
PhD
Experience working with advanced ML techniques, probability theory, Bayesian analysis, or causal inference methods
Oncology research experience
Familiarity with the UNIX and cluster computing environment
A passion to learn new things and solve problems
Company Culture

Our philosophy at GNS is simple: we cannot transform healthcare with anything less than an all-star team. We are seeking smart, driven people who are experts in their field, have a track record of success and a passion for creating change. We believe that strong teams supercharge the performance of individuals, create a fun and dynamic workplace and great results for our clients and the people they serve.

We are passionate about our work and believe in the ability of our technology to change the world. Our core values of integrity, collaboration, value, diversity, and game-changing guide our behaviors with each other and our clients.

GNS offers competitive salaries, stock options, unlimited vacation, health, dental and vision insurance, life insurance, long-term disability, 401(k), generous parental leave, tuition reimbursement, professional development, subsidized parking and gym membership, tasty food, volunteering opportunities, social gatherings, and more.

Equal Employment Opportunity

GNS Healthcare provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or conditions related to pregnancy, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GNS Healthcare complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

Powered by JazzHR",3.0,"GNS Healthcare
3.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
406,Data Analyst - Predictive Modeler,-1,"Zeta Global is looking for a talented Predictive Modeler to join our Analytics team. Armed with the Advanced Analytics & Data Science skills, this position will be responsible for supporting and improving the quality of our customer acquisition efforts using machine learning, statistics and data wrangling skills.

Key Responsibilities:
Predictive/Prescriptive Modeling & Optimization: Develop state-of-the-art predictive and recommender systems that support business objectives.
Data Visualization: Support and maintain KPI dashboards using Tableau. Collaborate with internal teams to gather requirements and provide reporting solutions.
Support Data Infrastructure: Use scripting languages like Python (Pandas, PySpark and Sci-kit) and MySQL to extract, transform and load data. In addition, support the management of internal data marts.
Ad-hoc reporting: Collaborate with cross-departmental teams to drive analyses and insights that lead to insightful decisions and improved financial performance/ROI for the business.
Requirements:
You love being a change agent! You tangibly add value for decision makers with actionable insights from data.
Proven ability to implement statistical/machine learning techniques in R / SQL and Python. In addition, ability to disseminate insights using data visualization tools like Tableau.
Exceptional attention-to-detail with the ability to meet aggressive deadlines. We move at a fast pace and generally have 3-5 projects going at any one time.
Excellent story-telling skills. The insights gleaned are no good if you can't present it in an effective and organized fashion.
MS degree in Business Analytics, Data Science or similar quantitative disciplines. Bachelor’s degree with minimum 1 years of experience will also be considered.
Strong knowledge of modeling algorithms like randomForest, nnet, svm, and glmnet packages in R and Python.
Desired Skills:
Ability to write complex R, Python and PySpark scripts.
Working knowledge with Python NLP packages like Spacy, NLTK and pycorenlp.
#LI-MC1

About Zeta Global
Zeta Global is a data-powered marketing technology company with a heritage of innovation and industry leadership. Founded in 2007 by entrepreneur David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company combines the industry’s 3rd largest proprietary data set (2.4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.

Our technology runs on the Zeta Marketing Platform, which powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable.

Zeta Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, medical condition, disability, veterans status, or any other basis protected by law.

Zeta Global Recognized in Enterprise Marketing Software and Cross-Channel Campaign Management Reports by Independent Research Firm

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-opens-ai--data-labs-in-san-francisco-and-nyc-300945353.html

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-recognized-in-enterprise-marketing-software-and-cross-channel-campaign-management-reports-by-independent-research-firm-300938241.html",3.3,"Zeta Global
3.3","South Norwalk, CT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
407,IT Data Analyst,"$34k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","An IT Data Analyst is responsible for working as part of a team to create, enhance and maintain custom reports that are relied upon to effectively and efficiently run the business. An IT Data Analyst is also heavily involved in the ETL process by helping to identify source systems for required data and assisting in the building of data cleansing procedures.

Develop custom reports to address business needs
Conduct exploratory meetings with business partners to generate ideas on how data and reporting can be used drive operational efficiencies, as well as new business opportunities
Participate in all aspects of Scrum, including but not limited to daily stand-ups, estimation meetings, demos and retrospectives
Work with vendors and the internal software development team to retrieve and manage required data
Design tables in the data warehouse in such a way that enables drilldown reporting
Create and update stored procedures that are part of the ETL process
Assist in the automation of manual data analytic efforts

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Degree in Data Analytics or equivalent experience
2+ years creating reports in a BI tool
At least 1 year of professional experience writing queries in SQL/T-SQL
At least 1 year of professional experience working in a relational database
PowerBI experience a plus
Strong analytical skills
Detail oriented with the ability to multitask
Self-motivated individual with excellent written and verbal communication skills
A willingness to work both independently and in a team-oriented environment
This employer participates in E-Verify. If hired, the employer will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.",4.1,"Union Home Mortgage
4.1","Strongsville, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
408,Machine Learning Engineer,"$70k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Job Description:

Leidos is a Fortune 500™ company aimed at embracing and solving some of the world’s most pressing challenges. Through science and technology, Leidos makes the world safer, healthier and more efficient.

Our Civil Group offers an array of exciting career opportunities for the best IT, energy, logistics and engineering professionals. Driven by our talented workforce, the Security Detection & Automation Operation is the cornerstone of Leidos’ comprehensive suite of fully integrated security detection and automation solutions for aviation, ports and borders, and critical infrastructure customers around the world, with more than 24,000 products deployed across 120 countries. Leidos is positioned to address emerging and evolving threats through rapid development of innovative solutions for our global customers. Leidos’ SDA Operation, in conjunction with the TSA, also performs on-call, onsite installation servicing of X- Ray Detection Equipment using leading edge technology to ensure the safety of our clients, customer and passengers. The Security Detection and Automation Operation is comprised of four divisions to align with our customers’ missions and needs:

· Checkpoint

· Hold Baggage

· Ports & Borders

· General Automation

We are seeking a motivated and talented machine learning engineer to join an algorithm development team and participate with hands-on contributions to advanced detection and computer vision algorithms, and supporting software infrastructure.

A successful candidate will apply strong software development skills with knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, and computer vision to contribute to the development of advanced algorithms for next-generation threat detection security systems. The candidate will collaborate with team members to propose and implement improvements to algorithms and supporting software, tools, and compute infrastructure.

Responsibilities will include

Contributing to a team that is developing object detection and image processing system architectures that will be implemented in real-time decisioning processes in security screening systems fielded across the world
Hands on development of advanced machine learning, object detection, image processing, and computer vision algorithms
Development of machine learning software infrastructure to support algorithm development, visualization, and evaluation.

Education:

BS in Computer Science or a related field
Masters degree preferred

Required Qualifications

Minimum 6 years software development experience
Minimum 3 years experience developing machine learning algorithms and supporting software infrastructure
Proficient with Linux
Proficient with Python and Scientific Python Libraries
Proficient with PyTorch or similar deep learning framework
Familiarity with deep neural network architectures and concepts

Desirable Experience

Experienced with algorithm performance evaluation and optimization
Proficient with C++
Experienced with NVIDIA CUDA development
Experienced creating data visualizations using QT and OpenGL frameworks

Leidos is growing! Connect with us on LinkedIn and Facebook. We value and support the well-being and mobility of our employees with competitive benefit packages, complementary e-learning training, work-life flexibility, an exciting External Referral Program, and a diverse, inclusive and ethical work place. In fact, in 2020, Leidos was ranked as one of the “World's Most Ethical Companies” by the Ethisphere Institute for the third consecutive year.

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
None

Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Engineering

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company’s 38,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Va., Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $11.09 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2020. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Saint Petersburg, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
409,SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SR. RESEARCH ENGINEER - EMBEDDED SOFTWARE,"$83k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Design and develop high-reliability embedded systems software for a variety of spacecraft control avionics, ADCS systems, and power control subsystems. Perform all phases of the system lifecycle including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation. Interact and interface with clients including developing technical presentations. Field support may require travel to customer facilities.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree in Electrical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science or related field with at least 7 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Direct experience designing software for high reliability embedded systems is required. Must be an embedded systems designer/developer with strong software skills and networking/socket programming. An interest and/or experience in working with hardware a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills required. Must be able to work independently and in project team environments. Must have strong organizational skills and attention to detail. Must have an aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. Must be proficient in C/C++ and LabView. Familiarity with VxWorks, Linux, or RTEMS OS for embedded systems is a plus. Direct space flight design experience a plus. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Austin, Texas. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Austin, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Space Science & Engineering home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
410,Data Scientist -,-1,"Our Mission
We’re here to create a safer, happier and more mindful future for all with the help of data science, engineering, design, and mobile technology. We're starting by reinventing insurance, by rethinking the technologies that enable it, but our true goal is to build a platform that rewards people for driving well — creating safer roads with fewer accidents in the process.

Backed by impressive funding, we're poised to re-engineer a trillion-dollar category. We’re using rich customer insights, advanced technology and data science to build our cloud-native InsurTech solution. We're out to change behavior and promote mindful living.

Job Requirements
You must have all the skills and experiences associated with one of the options below. These options change over time and reflect the current needs of the team.
Option one - Telematics ML
Machine learning: Kaggle grandmaster-level skills with history of deploying models to production
Telematics experience: You have led telematics modeling at a major company known for telematics
Software development in Python: Strong scientific Python skills using pandas, scikit-learn, and statsmodels, as well as strong understanding of model deployment patterns
Option two - Telematics DL
Deep learning: Experience contributing new deep learning research to solve previously unsolved problems
Telematics experience: You have led telematics modeling at a major company known for telematics
Software development in Python: Strong scientific Python skills using pandas, scikit-learn, and statsmodels, as well as strong understanding of model deployment patterns
Option Three - Contact Center Optimization
Contact center knowledge: You are an expert at using data science methods to optimize contact centers
Machine learning: Strong understanding of ML theory with significant applied experience
Software development in Python: Strong scientific Python skills using pandas, scikit-learn, and statsmodels, as well as strong understanding of model deployment patterns
More details
Salary: We invest in first-rate people and pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience, talent and location. We do not offer equity.
Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), wellness reimbursement, four weeks of vacation + six weeks of parental leave, and great work-life balance. Our office building offers on-site shower and bike stalls, and panoramic views of San Francisco.
Location: Due to COVID-19 our teams are all working remotely through 2020. We provide an in-home office set-up including laptop, monitor, ergonomic desk, chair and other items as needed
Location: Post COVID-19: San Francisco, CA near Montgomery Bart Station
All are welcome at Blue Owl. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer who values diversity and inclusion and looks for applicants who understand, embrace and thrive in a multicultural world. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice.
https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf",4.5,"Blue Owl
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
411,Consumer Lending Data Analyst,"$44k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are searching for a Consumer Lending Data Analyst to research and analyze data in order to make strategic business recommendations. In this role, you will perform competitor research to enhance our product strategy and direction. Having 3 years' experience in a complex analyst role will help you succeed in this role. Additionally, having an understating of lending principals and risk metrics will help the candidate be successful.

Here's what you can expect from the job and what you need to be successful:

Job Duties:

In partnership with key stakeholders, analyze, test and launch new initiatives to increase productivity
Provide data driven insights and recommendations to various departments within the credit union
Perform key competitor research and analysis to better inform product strategy and direction
Creating advanced reports, dashboards and deep dive analyses that inform and drive the
credit union’s product and business strategy
Create and refine predictive models on product, marketing, and risk initiatives
Uncover actionable insights for increased product performance
Partnering with marketing, finance and digital teams to enable business and systems synergy

Essential Skills:

Minimum 3 years’ previous experience in a complex analyst role; financial institution strongly preferred
Minimum 3 years’ previous experience with data collection methodologies
Experience with relational databases, e.g., SQL, Alteryx, and Tableau will help you succeed in this role
Familiarity with coding languages, e.g., R, Python
Strong understanding of statistical overlays and models for predictive analytics
Ability to analyze data from a strategic point of view and contribute to and influence discussions that drive the business
Ability to use key performance metrics and data to provide insights and make strategic business recommendations
Proficiency to organize, analyze and interpret data to explain complex irregularities or trends
Form strong relationships with cross-functional teams where support, resources and synergy is needed
Basic understanding of lending principals and risk metrics
Project Management experience; familiarity with Six Sigma/DMAIC methodologies
Expert knowledge of Excel
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, other related fields of study or equivalent experience

Location: Hillsboro, OR 97124

First Tech is not currently offering Visa sponsorship for this position

FT123

#LI-EK

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.3,"First Tech Federal Credit Union
3.3","Hillsboro, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
412,Principal Data Scientist,"$71k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Technology. Flexibility. Diversity. At the center of it all are the Digital Accelerator and Advanced Analytics teams at Cummins, working together as a high-energy startup within a Fortune 500 organization. At this Midwestern technology hub, today’s sharpest, most curious minds transform what-ifs into realities.

#LifeAtCummins is about POWERING YOUR POTENTIAL .You’ll have global opportunities to develop your career and make your community a better place - to break ground professionally and be your best personally.

About Digital Accelerator and Advanced Analytics:

Cummins' Digital Accelerator functions as our own tech startup, with strategic access to Fortune 150 resources and talents. Steering the innovation of new experiences for customers, Digital Accelerator is boldly transforming Cummins into a modern and agile technology company. Through the conception, build and launch of inspiring digital solutions, the unique hub of vision and creativity leverages open architecture, connectivity, big data, advanced analytics, internet-of-things, edge computing and more, to drive the company forward on its journey towards smart technologies.

This is an exciting opportunity in Columbus, IN for a Principal Data Scientist. This is an active business facing role where you will work and collaborate with teams to solve problems in a results, customer centric environment.

Your impact will happen in these and other ways:

Manages and Implements advanced analytics projects which solve complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches through a combination of analytical, mathematical and technical skills.
Researches, designs, implements and validates cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes by leveraging complex statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques.
Liaises with business stakeholders and leverages business knowledge to industrialize and monetize insights from advanced analytics projects.
Leads key objectives and business goals through the use of data science methodology.
Leverages data science methodology to solve complex business problems.
Creates algorithms using more complex statistical methodologies through the use of statistical programming languages and tools.
Partners with domain experts to verify model capabilities and translate modeling outputs from statistical inferences into business language.
Partners with Solution Architect to enable appropriate data flow/data model, development using appropriate tools/technology, rapid prototyping and informs the design of analytical products.
Trains and mentors less experienced employees on data science tools and methodologies.
Continuous development and advancement of the organization through knowledge sharing and collaboration.
Participates in planning for advancement of the Data Science profession.

Qualifications

Experience:

Significant experience in a relevant discipline area is required with a demonstrated track record of analyzing complex business systems and large data sets. Knowledge of the latest technologies and trends in data science is highly preferred and includes:

Familiarity analyzing complex business systems, industry requirements, and/or data regulations
Background in processing and managing large data sets
Applied knowledge of big data, open source and third party toolsets
SQL query language
Clustered compute cloud-based implementation experience
Experience in building analytical solutions
Experience coaching on implementation of machine learning solutions

Significant experiences in the following are preferred:

Designing and implementing Big Data platform solutions using open source and third-party tools
Microsoft Azure and/or Amazon Web services environment
Experience in Agile software development
Familiarity with validation and testing of machine learning systems
Familiarity with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD)

Manage the analytics technical road map in collaboration with supported delivery partners
Design analytics solution approach in collaboration with delivery partners
Provide design direction and technical guidance to developments teams
Oversee in-use model performance and corrective action
Manage activities of a small team of employees

Skills

Programming - Creates, writes and tests computer code, test scripts, and build scripts using algorithmic analysis and design, industry standards and tools, version control, and build and test automation to meet business, technical, security, governance and compliance requirements.

Data Mining - Extracts insights from data by identifying relationships and patterns through use of a suite of data exploration and data visualization techniques to understand the underlying structure of the data and enable sound conclusions upon model building.

Predictive Modeling - Develops analytical or machine learning models by using appropriate variable transformations, feature selection strategies, imputation strategies, class rebalancing, resampling strategies and quality control measures to generate predictive insights used in solving business questions.

Statistical Modeling - Develops descriptive and explanatory statistical models, and simulations for regression, classification, outlier detection, anomaly detection, time series forecasting using knowledge of foundational statistics such as null hypotheses significance tests, regression models, generalized linear modeling, time series analysis, rank statistics, probability distribution fitting survival analysis, etc. to validate hypotheses for any given statistical or business question.

Problem Solving - Solves problems using a systematic analysis process by leveraging industry standard methodologies to create problem traceability and protect the customer; determines the assignable cause; implements robust, data-based solutions; identifies the systemic root causes and recommended actions to prevent problem reoccurrence.

Requirements Analysis - Evaluates relationships and interdependencies between requirements based upon their complexity and value to the business in order to determine feasibility and prioritization.

Strategic Roadmap Planning - Produces a high-level, multi-year product and capability roadmap utilizing internal and external business resource, asset and market knowledge and experience to communicate the organization's focus and priorities to internal and external stakeholders.

Tech savvy - Anticipating and adopting innovations in business-building digital and technology applications.

Manages complexity - Making sense of complex, high quantity, and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems.

Collaborates - Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives.

Develops talent - Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organization’s goals.

Communicates Effectively - Developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences.

Education, Licenses, Certifications

College, university or equivalent degree or equivalent work experience in relevant technical discipline is required.
This position may require licensing for compliance with export controls or sanctions regulations.

Compensation and Benefits

Base salary rate commensurate with experience. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits.

Cummins and E-verify

At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.

Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today.careers.cummins.com

Not ready to apply but want to learn more? Join our Talent Community to get the inside track on great jobs and confidentially connect to our recruiting team: https://www.cumminstalentcommunity.com/profile/join/

#DAAAI

Job
SYSTEMS/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Primary Location
United States-Indiana-Columbus-US, IN, Columbus, Sears Building
Job Type
Experienced - Exempt / Office
Recruitment Job Type Exempt - Experienced
Job Posting
Jul 23, 2020, 8:42:21 PM
Unposting Date
Ongoing",3.9,"Cummins Inc.
3.9","Columbus, IN",-1,10000+ Employees,1919,Company - Public,Transportation Equipment Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
413,"Scientist, Infectious Disease",-1,"Precigen is seeking a highly motivated and creativeScientist(level determined by candidate experience) to join our growing Infectious Disease team in Germantown, Maryland.The successful candidate will have a strong background in infectious disease and/or cancer immunotherapy, human immunology and experience working with gene transfer therapy.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Apply expertise in T cell immunology and molecular biology to lead and influence projects within the development of Precigen’s product portfolio.
Develop new approaches and SOP’s for product quality and evaluation to continuously improve quality of new approaches to cancer or infectious disease immunotherapy.
Setup evaluation strategy using in vitro studies with human immune cells and in vivo murine models to test novel gene transfer therapies.
Perform correlative studies to evaluate the transfer, persistence and function of adoptively transferred antigen-specific T cells in mouse models of cancer.
Manage timelines and deliverables and develop reports for various projects.
Coordinate parallel tasks across multiple projects, demonstrating prioritization.
Other duties as assigned.
Responsive, can-do attitude.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
TBD
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:
Ph.D. in immunology, cellular and/or tumor biology or a closely related field.
Strong background in cancer immunotherapy or the biology of the tumor microenvironment, human immunology and experience working with engineered T-cells strongly preferred.
Candidates with a strong background in immunology are preferred for this position.
Must have experience in flow cytometry and fluorescence activated cell sorting (FACS), immune cell phenotyping of immune cell subsets; experience with human immune cells is preferred.
Experience designing and developing primary immune cell assays using key immune cell populations.
Hands-on expertise in T-cell functional characterization assays including in vitro cytotoxicity, proliferation, and cytokine/chemokine measurements.
Expertise in in vitro T-cell isolation and expansion methods.
Proficient in cell culture aseptic technique.
Experience in viral and non-viral methods of gene transfer.
Experience with in vitro T cell assays, including ELISPOT, ELISA, Luminex and flow cytometry read-out.
Proficient in multi-parameter flow cytometry (panel design, sample acquisition, data processing.)
Experience in molecular and cellular biology techniques, including but not limited to: PCR, qPCR, cloning and western blot.
Proficiency in the analysis and understanding of immune cells and molecules.
Utilization of appropriate technology, i.e. Outlook, PowerPoint, and other programs to create and distribute reports and key information.
DESIRED KEY COMPETENCIES:
Ability to understand and execute on the company’s mission and values.
Comfortable in a fast-paced small company environment with minimal direction and able to adjust workload based upon changing priorities.
Self-motivated and willing to accept temporary responsibilities outside of initial job description and perform other responsibilities to support the needs of the department, as assigned.
Positive interpersonal skills with the ability to interact with individuals from a variety of levels and function.
Self-organizer, meticulous hands-on habits, keen attention to detail.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills are essential in this collaborative work environment
Strong quantitative and analytical skills.
Ability to understand and execute on the company’s mission and values.
Maintain a high degree of ethical standard and trustworthiness.
Responsive, can-do attitude.
Capable of fostering change in an organization.
Deals with conflict in a direct, positive manner.
Ability to think and adapt to a rapidly changing environment and demands.
Able to reach rational conclusions through complex processing of information.
Fosters innovation through creative solutions.
Effective organization and implementation of group projects.
Energized by accomplishments and excellence in the workplace.
Capable of high performance in independent work as well as in team setting.
EOE MFDV",3.6,"Precigen
3.6","Germantown, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
414,Senior Data Analytics Lead,"$57k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About CXD Analytics

We are a dynamic team and this is not a “Business as Usual” type of analytics role. Everything we do is to evolve and enhance our client’s digital experiences. In this capacity you will play a key role and lead analytics and insights engagements which support business efforts that deepen the understanding of Vanguard investors in our Client Experience - Digital (CXD) department.

Our Group: The CXD team at Vanguard has recently been established to improve Vanguard client’s end-to-end experiences when performing specific tasks, such as opening an account or placing a brokerage trade. Our goal is to transform the way our clients experience Vanguard using data, analytics and insights that support strategic decision-making and drive digital solutions.

How We Work: CXD hosts a team of highly talented, cross-disciplinary individuals including advanced data analysts, UX strategists and designers, front-end developers, data scientists, data engineers, scrum masters, and market researchers who work together in highly collaborative agile “labs”. We follow the “Stacked Agile” model made famous by Spotify. Each lab is fully dedicated to one part of a specific client journey and each analyst is fully dedicated to their lab.

Core Responsibilities
Engages with internal partners to understand business strategy, questions and goals. Brings structure to business requests, translates requirements into an analytical project approach, and leads projects through completion. Delegates tasks and provides tactical and strategic guidance to peers.
Be a thought leader for the Mobile analytics at Vanguard and be the catalyst for change
Lead tag-based data collection, build client-side integrations, and implement third party acquisition tracking into the mobile app's tag management system
Acquires and compiles structured and unstructured data and verifies its quality, accuracy and reasonableness.
Understand and collaborate on end-to-end user experience of online channels (web, mobile web, native app and kiosk UI)
Drive implementation of mobile strategies and user adoption of Vanguards evolving and cutting edge mobile app
Explain higher level statistical methods, test results and experimental design to a diverse audience with varying degrees of analytical capabilities
Drive and execute optimization strategies, work with marketing, product, design and engineering
Work with UX design to understand impact of page flow changes and calculate ROI’s
Develop personalization and segmentation strategies to target the right customers with the most relevant offers
Performs analyses of historical data to surface trends and insights using advanced analytical methods
Prepares and delivers visualizations and internal presentations that translate analytic insights into tangible, actionable solutions for business partners to implement.
Mentors, coaches, trains, and develops junior analysts. Proactively expands knowledge of business and analytics and shares with team members. Develops and documents best practices.
Qualifications
Graduate degree in an analytic/quantitative field
A minimum of 5+ years of relevant professional experience in a data analysis role.
Strong experience querying data with SQL and programming with Python or R
Experience with mobile digital analytics and channels preferred
Solid understanding and experience of statistical methods with regards to study design and analysis
Experience leading, designing and implementing marketing or digital experimentation (A/B or MVT) to improve marketing performance or improve the client experience
Understanding and working knowledge of quasi-experimental study design
Leverage NLP and text mining packages to better understand client feedback
About Vanguard

We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests.

For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose – and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.

We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count.

Inclusion Statement

Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”

We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.

When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose.

Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.",3.3,"Vanguard
3.3","Malvern, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1975,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
415,Business Intelligence Analyst,"$45k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Musco Lighting is looking for a Business Intelligence Analyst to support the development of tools and reports that successfully allow our Team to make timely decisions based on the business data presented. This role will liaison between various business units and the Information Technology team to continually meet business objectives. This opportunity could be located at our Oskaloosa or Muscatine, Iowa locations.

Responsibilities:

Determine key user groups that would benefit from better analytics
Determine key metrics / reports that provide value to the team
Provide project management and prioritization of key initiatives
Become an expert user in assigned tools / reports and their supported business functions and processes
Implement training programs for end users
Provide timely end user support as needed
Other related duties as assigned

Education & Experience:

Four-year degree in Computer Science-related field, Business Analysis, and/or commensurate experience
Demonstrated experience with system implementations, project management and system design
Effective experience with computer programming languages and development of software a plus
Experience with Microsoft Power BI is a plus
Strong communications and interpersonal skills
Must be able to work in a team environment
Self-Directed
Ability to work in a confidential manner with data

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.8,"Musco Sports Lighting, LLC
3.8","Oskaloosa, IA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1976,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
416,Data Analytics Manager,-1,"Job Title: Data Analytics Manager*
General Description: * Under general supervision of the Executive VP of Operations at One to One Health, the Data Analytics Manager provides direction for a team of data analysts. They also oversee the work of the analytics department, ensuring its accuracy. Additionally, they take the lead on developing processes for effective data analysis and reporting. This is an exciting opportunity to be a part of a growing company focused on finding innovative ways to exceed the expectations of our patients and customers.
This position can be located in Chattanooga, TN, Nashville, TN or Indianapolis, IN. Relocation will not be provided.
Major Areas of Responsibility: *
Research and analyze data, primarily clinical and prepare and/or present related written and verbal reports
Produce and deliver related reports/presentations including summary conclusions and recommendations
Gather analysis requirements by meeting with leadership and clinical managers
Responsible for project management of multiple projects and development of reports using Excel and other analytical platforms
Perform general mathematical calculations for the purpose of determining metrics and trends, etc.
Facilitate the education and training of regional and site staff in data interpretation, value and quality efforts in collaboration with leadership
Perform other duties as assigned
Minimum Qualifications*
Bachelor’s Degree in related field such as Computer Science or Information Technology
Master’s Degree preferred
Minimum of five years of relevant work experience with emphasis on clinical operational understanding
Minimum of two years of supervisory or team lead experience or equivalent
Advanced personal computer skills including working knowledge or spreadsheet, database, and word processing software is necessary
Ability to work outside the box with minimal supervision, identify and supply solutions based on data collected
Ability to conduct cost/benefit analysis and benchmark price comparison
Possess tactical, strategic, administrative and operational analytical capabilities
Excellent communication with the ability to translate data into actionable insights
Extensive experience with data visualization
Practical experience generating process documentation and reports
Must be able to apply sound judgement beyond a specific set of instruction and apply knowledge to different factual situations
Must be able to work in a high-stress environment
Highly proficient in HER
Advanced knowledge of healthcare operations and claims management including working knowledge of CPT, ICD10 and other healthcare coding systems.
Strong written and verbal communication
Strong organization skills
High level of attention to detail
Must be able to work with outside entities in a professional manner (Vital Incite & Anthem for example)
Must be able to multi-task and meet deadlines (reporting to Vital Incite, Anthem, etc.)
Results oriented
Must work well with others
Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday",-1,One to One Health,"Chattanooga, TN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Unknown,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
417,"Research Scientist, Biochemistry/Biophysics",-1,"Prelude Therapeutics is seeking a highly motivated Research Scientist with a background in Biochemistry or Biophysics to join our biology team in our Wilmington, DE location. Prelude is an early stage biotechnology company founded by proven scientists in cancer drug development. Our research is focused on developing highly selective and differentiated small molecule therapeutic agents targeting novel pathways for the treatment of cancer and rare diseases. Prelude offers a vibrant and collegial work environment and excellent career growth opportunities. Prelude is ideally located within 25 minutes from the Philadelphia International Airport at the Delaware Innovation Space, an emerging research campus in the DuPont Experimental Station.

The Research Scientist, Biochemistry or Biophysics, will be responsible for helping to guide strategic scientific decisions and research program development. This individual will develop and optimize biochemical/biophysical assays to identify and characterize small-molecule modulators, perform kinetic and MOA studies to characterize diverse biological enzyme systems and screen and profile compounds in support of medicinal chemistry efforts.
Responsibilities and Duties: *
Coordinate with R&D team members to lead key elements of discovery and preclinical development programs for novel cancer therapies. Independently design, optimize and execute various high through-put biochemical and/or biophysical assays
Perform kinetic and mechanisms of action studies including but not limited to enzyme kinetics, binding kinetics, and inhibition modality.
Work in a multidisciplinary team to analyze and interpret data, prepare summaries, and communicate results to project teams
Use literature to solve specific research problems. Learn and implement new experimental techniques that can answer critical scientific questions and advance programs.
Maintain high standards of laboratory safety, comply with the safety manual and complete required training courses.
Perform research in compliance with all applicable regulatory and guidelines, as informed by supervisor.
Required Qualifications*
PhD in biochemistry, biophysics, enzymology, chemical biology or a relevant discipline, or M.S with a minimum of 5 years direct lab-based research in relevant subject area.
Strong background in assay development and mode-of-action characterization
Practical expertise in biochemistry, enzymology, and chemical biology
Hands on experience in biochemical and biophysical assays (SPR, MST, ITC, DSF and other biophysical methods)
Ability to multi-task and enthusiasm to deliver reports in a fast-paced environment
Highly analytical mind, attention to detail, organization skills, and rigorous experimental record keeping using an electronic notebook system are critical.
Highly self-motivated, strong scientific curiosity and work ethic
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong capability to collaborate with other groups in multiple subject areas
Preferred Qualifications*
Extensive hand-on experience in SPR is highly desired
Hands on experience in medium to high-throughput screening and lab automation is preferred
Hands-on experience with mammalian cell culture and cell-based assays is a plus
Experience with Excel, Electronic Lab Notebook, and other programs (ImageJ, GraphPad Prism) is a plus.
Prelude Therapeutics provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
Laboratory: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.preludetx.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Prelude Therapeutics Incorporated,"Wilmington, DE",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
418,Market Data Analyst,"$31k-$57k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are seeking a creative, data driven Marketing Analyst to join our fast paced, growing organization. Candidate is responsible for researching product and manufacturing trends, evaluating campaign results and making recommendations for growth and operating efficiency improvements to our management team. The ideal candidate will have experience with complex data mining/analysis and implementation. This is a growth position with upward mobility. Complete benefit package includes medical, dental, vision life insurance, student loan repayment assistance and a 401(k) company matched contribution.

Responsibilities:
Evaluate market trends and patterns to suggest new & complementary products
Manage Distribution Price List and analyze market data to identify cause and effect relationships
Evaluate product, pricing, placement (distribution channels) and promotion (advertisements/marketing campaigns) and present recommendations to management
Work closely with Distribution Channel Partners to grow market share in under-represented markets
Examine return on investment of marketing campaigns
Travel to customers and industry events to gather market intelligence
Visit other Amphenol Business Units domestically and internationally to learn best-practices and facilitate implementation internally
Work closely with Sales and Marketing to track competitive landscape and market trends
Requirements:
Undergraduate or Masters degree in Marketing, Business, Engineering or related field
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Preferred:
1-3 years of experience in a fast-paced global manufacturing environment
“An Equal Opportunity Employer” Minority/Female/Disabled/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity or National Origin"" Drug free workplance.

ITAR - The candidate must be able to legally work in the United States; we are unable to provide sponsorship. Position requires candidate to be a US Person as defined in ITAR, 22 CFR 120.15 (US Citizenship or Resident Alien Status) and defined by 8 USC 1101(a) (20).

Apply for This Position",3.5,"SV Microwave
3.5","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1991,Company - Public,Telecommunications Manufacturing,Telecommunications,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
419,Medical Information Scientist,"$46k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What we do

United Therapeutics Corporation focuses on the strength of a balanced, value-creating biotechnology model. We are confident in our future thanks to our fundamental attributes, namely our commitment to quality and innovation, the power of our brands, our entrepreneurial culture and our bioinformatics leadership. We also believe that our determination to be responsible citizens — having a positive impact on patients, the environment and society — will sustain our success in the long term.

We currently have five approved products on the market and a long-term mission of providing an unlimited supply of transplantable organs for those who need them.

Our company was founded by an entrepreneur whose daughter was diagnosed with a life-threatening condition. She sought to find treatment options and a cure for her daughter and patients like her. We are founder-led, and relentless in our pursuit of “medicines for life”. We continue to research and develop treatments for cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases, pediatric cancers and other orphan diseases.

How you’ll contribute

Disseminate relevant scientific and medical information that is consistent, current and accurate. Capture cases, including adverse events and product complaints when presented, while maintaining corporate compliance. Ensure that medical information requests are answered in a timely and compliant manner; determine when a question or request should be escalated.

Develop and maintain clinical and technical expertise in specific therapeutic areas.
Facilitate intake and triage of inquiries as related to marketed products.
Stay abreast of emerging scientific literature and clinical trial data, translate the data in applicable knowledge and develop scientific materials for key internal and external audiences (healthcare providers and various internal teams such as Medical Science Liaison slide development).
Prepare/update scientifically balanced responses to unsolicited request for both labeled and off-label indications. Establish and maintain a standard answers database by obtaining internal review and approval. Maintain and distribute as appropriate and necessary.
Provide verbal and/or written clinical and technical responses to inquiries related to UT products (marketed and in development) from the health care community, patients, and internal customers.
Document inquiry data in the Medical Information database in accordance with SOPs.
Support internal groups, including but not be limited to Medical Affairs, Regulatory, Clinical Development, Business Development, Drug Safety, Pharmaceutics, with literature searches, data interpretation, publication procurement, Corporate Library Service access and training.
Participate in Medical Information projects, including development of new systems or upgrades of old systems, processes and standard operating procedures.
Participate in congress strategy, including staffing of scientific booth and collecting and reporting data and competitive intelligence.
Assist in the development and maintenance of product dossiers.
Partner and collaborate effectively with internal and external business partners.
Provide support for the Corporate Library System to keep it current.
Report adverse events and product complaints in a timely manner to Drug Safety and/or Product Surveillance according to SOP and compliance guidelines.
Support product launches as needed.
Perform all other duties as assigned.

For this role you will need

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Pharmacy or PharmD
Excellent medical/scientific writing skills
Experience with literature searches and full-text document retrieval
Must be proficient in Microsoft Word, Power Point, and Excel
Experience in abstracting databases (Embase and PubMed)
Excellent organizational skills
Excellent verbal communication skills
Experience managing multiple projects simultaneously and according to agreed upon time lines and budgets

Preferred Qualifications

One year of biotechnology or pharmaceutical medical information or related experience
IRMS – Information Request Management System experience as user and administrator
Residency or Fellowship in Medical Information
Active pharmacy license or previously held a license
If a new pharmacy graduate, obtains licensure within 90 days of graduation

Life as a Unitherian

At United Therapeutics, you’ll realize quickly that it is not an ordinary place to work! When you join our company, you will learn, grow, contribute, have fun, and be challenged... all while making a difference in the lives of our patients.

United Therapeutics Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - EOE Minorities / Females / Protected Veterans / Individuals with Disabilities",3.4,"United Therapeutics
3.4","Research Triangle Park, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
420,"R&D Scientist, Sr.","$29k-$68k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Improve Lives—that’s what drives us. It’s what makes us better, more innovative, more compelled to work harder. What we do is develop superior point-of-care rapid testing solutions for healthcare providers around the world; what we help create is healthier lives and communities.
Position Summary*: This position is responsible for planning, organizing and performing experiments to develop and refine state-of-the-art assays for the detection of infectious diseases.
Duties & Responsibilities* include but are not limited to:
° Conduct assay system development, optimization and validation.

° Provide direction and guidance to lab scientists, technicians and other technical personnel solving unresolved technical difficulties in assay implementation and routine operation, when such problems arise

° Run experiments to evaluate new laboratory instrumentation and equipment for laboratory testing in cooperation with the equipment manufacturer.

° Prepare technical SOP's.

° Applies quantitative methods: analyzes data, evaluates results, forms conclusions, and provides/implements process or document improvements.

° Assist and/or coordinate technical transfer of new assays and procedures to appropriate departments.

° In cooperation with the R & D Director, assist in the training of laboratory personnel on new procedures and/or equipment.

° Strong expertise in troubleshooting

° Good reporting skills in technical reports as required for review and approval

° Able to communicate at various levels with professionals with different expertise.

° Keep Director and/or VP of Product Development informed about status of on-going projects.

° Help supervisor(s) implementing clinical diagnostic products or services in compliance with industry regulations.

° Maintain awareness of current and developing technologies.

° Interact with Academic Associates and other outside sources of emerging technologies, science and materials.

Qualifications Required*:

° Master’s with 3+ years’ experience or a PhD

° Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite, requires excellent communication and writing skills

° Experience in infectious diseases is desirable

° Knowledge of regulations and standards affecting IVDs is desirable

° Previous laboratory experience in immuno assay-development and other valuable experience, such as: planning and working within a timeline, knowledge in protein/antibody function as well as bio-analytical background.
COMPANY PROFILE*
Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc. is a public company serving the increasing global demand for rapid tests needed for the effective prevention and treatment of infectious diseases and other conditions. Located minutes off the Long Island Expressway in Medford, NY, Chembio operates a research and manufacturing facility that is registered with the US FDA.

Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disability/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation

For more information about Chembio Diagnostic Systems Inc., please visit our website.

Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.6,"Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc.
2.6","Medford, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
421,Lead Data Scientist,"$93k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Lead Data Scientist

El Segundo, CA

About Nexon:

Nexon, a world leader in online games, is building a workplace based on mutual respect, good humor, and the pursuit of excellence because we believe that great games can only be built by amazing people. Our vision is to create high quality, innovative online games that create unforgettable experiences for players around the world.

Nexon has an ever-expanding worldwide team of over 6,000 employees, and boasts a diverse global portfolio that includes titles like MapleStory, Dungeon Fighter Online, KartRider and many more. If you want to be part of building an exciting game company and help chart the course of online gaming, let's talk!

About the role:

The Lead Data Scientist is responsible for developing advanced machine learning algorithms and statistical models to solve critical problems and help deliver the best customer experiences. The Data Scientist partners with Business teams, Platform team, Security team, and other stakeholders to implement data science models into live production systems. The Data Scientist brings fresh perspectives to inform decision-making toward better player experience by translating player voice into insights.

What you'll be doing:
Lead efforts to develop data science capabilities and partner with other data scientists across the Nexon organization
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data visualization and data-mining to tell the story behind numbers and find relevant insights for partners and leadership
Manage a portfolio of data science products and work closely with data engineers to help improve the platform in relation to data science work
Perform new research into machine learning applications that drive business value
Architect platform-level solutions for machine learning systems
Research and develop state-of-the-art machine learning, data mining, and statistical modeling solutions to understand game design, system performance and key business behaviors, such as player acquisition and retention
Establish scalable, automated processes for large scale data extraction, model development, model validation and model implementation
Effectively translate statistical findings into actionable recommendations for senior leaders on game design and business teams
Analyze player big data, developing and testing data-fueled hypotheses, extracting useful information and turning it into helpful insight that can help us improve players' experiences
Bring a fresh perspective and a new dimension of analysis to bear on the challenge of identifying


What skills you'll need:
7+ years of experience translating data to insight to recommendations
BS (MS/PhD Preferred) in quantitative discipline (e.g. Math, Physics, Statistics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Economics)
Expertise in machine learning and statistical analysis approaches such as classification, clustering, regression, statistical inference, collaborative filtering, natural language processing, experimental design, social networking analysis, etc.
Experience managing advanced analytics projects which solve complex analytical problems using data mining technologies
Expertise in automating and deploying models in production systems
Experience with Big Data technologies (AWS EMR, Spark, Presto, Hadoop, etc.)
A true passion for understanding customer behavior on-platform and in-game
Expert analytical and problem solving skills, plus the ability to innovate and work independently
Strong skills in statistical methods (e.g. hypothesis testing, time series modeling)
Strong SQL skills and strong Python or R skills; familiarity with Jupyter or RStudio
Familiar with Hadoop, Apache Spark framework, SQL/NoSQL, Snowflake
Strong skills in building dashboards and visualizations (e.g Tableau, PowerBI, Quicksight)
Bonus Points:
Online gaming experience a BIG PLUS!
Experience in marketing machine leaning project a big plus



Nexon's benefits and perks:

We offer medical, dental and vision plans for you, your spouse or domestic partner and your children. Employees who enroll in the high deductible health plan receive an annual employer contribution to a health savings account and company paid hospital indemnity benefits. We also provide company paid life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability benefits as well as access to voluntary life and AD&D for yourself and your dependents, flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) savings plan with a company match, and pet insurance. Nexies are encouraged to take advantage of our monthly wellness credit, participate in lunchtime yoga, and enroll in language classes. We host bi-monthly catered lunches, monthly happy hours, and maintain a well-stocked snack bar. To help you maintain a good work life balance, we offer paid time off, sick days, company holidays, and a year-end break.

Nexon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

]]>",2.6,"Nexon America Inc
2.6","El Segundo, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$10+ billion (USD),-1
422,Data Engineer,"$48k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","IZEA was built to connect the worlds top brands with influential content creators and publishers to enable influencer marketing and content production at scale. With over 500,000 Creators reaching over 3 billion fans and followers around the globe, IZEA is unmatched in its industry experience, network diversity, and technology ecosystem. A career at IZEA offers countless ways to make an impact in a fast-growing organization!

IZEA is looking for a Data Engineer to join our Core Technology group.

This team member may be located in the Orlando area or remote.

You will use the latest tools and technology to build and support IZEA's industry-leading data initiatives. Whether contributing to our data pipelines that ingest millions of records per hour, distilling vast amounts of data into meaningful insights, or operating the services that surface those insights, you will help define what the future of Influencer and Content Marketing looks like.

You will have direct access to end-users and stakeholders, and you are encouraged to build and leverage these relationships in your work. You will write and test your code, and work with our QA team to get it deployed to production. With the help of a homegrown, bot-driven CI/CD pipeline, your code will be delivered to users daily. This cross-functional team leverages Amazon Web Services for everything from ECS for containerized virtualization and hosting, to S3 for durable object storage, RDS and DynamoDB for persistence, EMR for the batch processing of billions of records, and Lambda for distributed workloads and stream consumption.

Aside from the day to day, we can offer you incredible benefits including an annual continuing education budget, a trust-focused development process, a flexible and collaborative work environment where balance matters, stock ownership, and an annual company retreat.

The team strives to be ego-free and motivated only by building amazing software for our users. We seek to understand the ""why"" behind the ""what"". We regularly break out into small teams to tackle problems, learn new technologies, or just share what we know with others. We test our code and invest in the health of our systems. We push each other, learn from each other, and strive to continually grow.

Primary Responsibilities

You will...
Work with stakeholders to define the solutions to development problems and business requirements
Develop and maintain the features and capabilities of our data ingestion pipelines
Extract actionable and impactful insights from vast amounts of data
Develop and maintain the services that surface those insights and make them available for consumption in a performant manner
Create unit and integration tests for your code
Reproduce and fix bugs reported by internal and external users
Set goals and communicate often about your progress toward them
Contribute to the ongoing improvement of the engineering organization and our software
What Were Looking For

A problem solver at heart
Much of our work revolves around problems that have no existing off-the-shelf solution or consensus on best practices. You'll often need to break down large problems into smaller more manageable tasks and utilize critical thinking to come up with novel ideas.
3+ years of engineering experience
Things move quickly in the data group. Youll need to be comfortable and familiar with delivering highly scalable cloud based applications.
Professional experience with frameworks like Hadoop, Spark, or similar
This will be a significant component of your responsibilities. You will be working with large data sets in a distributed environment on a daily basis. Familiarity w/ the Hadoop/Spark ecosystem is a must.
Professional experience with Python data tools
Our data team uses PySpark and Jupyter notebooks extensively. Familiarity with these technologies will also serve you well.
Direct experience with relational and NoSQL databases technologies
We use the best tool for the job around here. When it comes to storing and accessing data, we recognize that the technology decisions we make directly impact our ability to provide a performant customer experience, and our own costs.
Experience designing and building JSON based RESTful APIs
Because we are building our application with a front end framework, we carefully design and document the APIs to power it. To help us, we follow the JSON API spec, but any experience in building a RESTful API will be useful. Remember, the API is your contract with the consumers of your data!
Understanding of monolithic and micro-service based architectures
IZEAx still has some legacy monolithic characteristics. We move more and more of our technology to a distributed set of services, there are new challenges to overcome. Understanding the differences between these two models will help you take those challenges head on.
Basic Linux skills
In order to develop our data pipelines and services, you need to run it on your laptop. This means opening up some terminal windows, running some commands, and keeping the log output open. Additionally, some of our technology stack is better accessed through CLIs. Examples include the Ember CLI, the Rails CLI/console, Docker commands, Gradle, and our own CLIs. We'll walk you through it, but you should be comfy in a terminal.
Ability to multitask and prioritize multiple incoming requests
IZEA's Engineering team strives to provide a great experience and great service to our users. In order to do that, you may need to context switch into a support issue or drop what you are doing to start work on something else. This is part of what Agile means to us.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Regular and timely communication is the key to a trust based development process. You should be able to simply and concisely ask for feedback and direction in terms that your audience understands, and relay requested information in a timely fashion to your leaders. You should prioritize documentation of processes and code.
Demonstrated experience with the following will be highly valued

Data Science Background
While not required, a fundamental understanding of statistics and modeling would be a great asset. Practical experience with Machine Learning and/or complex data pipelines would also be welcome.
Front End development experience
From time to time you may need to build visualization, or (lite) user facing experiences. Familiarity with modern web frameworks like Angular, React, Ember, or Vue would be helpful. Extra bonus points if you have familiarity w/ Javascript based visualization libraries like d3.js or Highcharts.
Amazon Web Services, or other cloud providers
IZEA's software is hosted on AWS, and you will need to acquire some familiarity with it. Previous experience in using a cloud provider, even if just for developer tooling, shows that you understand some of the nuances involved in working in the cloud. Familiarity with Amazons EMR would also be an asset.
Continuous Integration & Deployment
IZEA needs to get features and fixes out to customers as soon as we possibly can with as much confidence as possible. To facilitate this, we have developed a CI/CD pipeline (using 3rd party services). An understanding of what CI/CD is will help you understand how this pipeline works and how to make it even better.
GitHub
All of IZEA's code is source controlled on Github. We leverage Github Pull Requests for code reviews, Github integrations manage parts of our CI/CD pipeline, and Github releases define the code tags that ultimately get deployed. Much of our process documentation exists on Github pages. Familiarity with navigating Github's features will help you ramp up in our SDLC faster.
JIRA
IZEA uses JIRA to manage projects and report on progress to stakeholders inside and outside the company. While we strive to automate as much of JIRA as possible with bots, webhooks and reports, understanding how JIRA issues, links, attachments, and workflows work will help you understand our SDLC faster.
About IZEA:

We are IZEA: The Creator Marketplace. Our cloud-based technologies connect Brands and Publishers with content Creators who blog, tweet, pin, and post on their behalf.

Our driving belief is that the only way to thrive in our rapidly changing world is to change ahead of it. IZEA is in a constant state of evolution and reinvention. While we may have invented the industry, we still operate like an entrepreneurial, scrappy start-up. Your time here will be exciting, educational, and at times, a bit crazy.

With IZEA, you have the opportunity to join a non-traditional corporate culture, where creativity and productivity are valued over a suit and tie. We call it ""The IZEA Way.""

Why would you want to work here?

Our developers use the latest tools and technology to build the applications and services that make up the IZEA Exchange platform. We write in whatever language we need to get the job done including Ruby, Java, Python, PHP, Swift, and Javascript. We leverage the latest frameworks, such as Rails, Symphony2, and Drop Wizard for iterating quickly on our technology.

Our code is deployed and operated by the people who write it, with the help of Amazon Web Services. We leverage everything from EC2 for virtualization and hosting, to Amazon EMR and Machine Learning for advanced analytics.

Aside from the day to day, we offer incredible benefits including an annual continuing education budget, a flexible trust-focused development process, and an open collaborative work environment.

Our team is ego-free and motivated to build great software. We regularly break out into small teams to tackle problems, learn new technologies, or just share what we know with others. We test our code and invest in the health of our systems. We push each other, learn from each other, and strive to continually grow as a team.

California residents, please follow this link to view the types of information we may gather from California residents who are applicants, employees, or contractors of IZEA, and how we use such information.

Powered by JazzHR",4.1,"IZEA, Inc
4.1","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
423,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Job Summary*
We are looking for a Machine Learning (ML) Engineer to help us create artificial intelligence products for Research and Development in the Medical Field. ML Engineer responsibilities include creating machine learning models and retraining systems. Transform Data Science prototypes to production-grade solutions. Responsible for implementing various algorithms for automated feature extraction, dataset augmentation, optimizing runtimes of neural network algorithms, and building higher level abstractions for various common AI/ML techniques.
Responsibilities: *
Study and transform data science prototypes
· Design, code and deploy machine learning systems capable of processing large volumes of data
Design and develop machine learning systems to create, train and deploy ML models
Develop machine learning applications according to requirements
Establish reusable data processing pipelines to enable rapid re-training and iteration through different ML methodologies
Select appropriate datasets and data representation methods
Design experiments and analysis methodologies that are statistically rigorous
Run machine learning tests and experiments
Perform statistical analysis and fine-tuning using test results
· Tailor and deploy software tools, processes and metrics

· Serve as a subject matter expert
Requirements: *
· Proven experience as a ML Engineer or similar role

· Experience with supervised, unsupervised, reinforcement learning algorithms

· Understanding of data structures, data modeling and software architecture

· Knowledge of ML frameworks such as Keras/Tensorflow/Theano/PyTorch and libraries (like scikit-learn)
Keep abreast of developments in the field
· Ability but to write robust code in Python, Java or equivalent modern programming language

· Proficiency in SQL, big data technologies and working with large data sets

· Works independently, able to manage multiple projects simultaneously

· Deep curiosity and a demonstrated ability to craft original solutions

· Highly communicative with collaborators and managers

· Proactive in seeking opportunities for innovation

· Ability to deal with ambiguity and deliver results in a fast-paced environment

· Dedicated and Self-Motivated

· Team collaboration and strong written and verbal communication skills

· Ownership and urgency across all responsible projects

· Proficient in Calculus, Statistics, and Linear Algebra

· Ability to work with cross-functional team to turn ideas into working solutions
Education & Experience: *
Requires Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Equivalent
2-5 years verifiable employment using requirements above. May substitute internships and projects for years of experience.
3-5 years Software Development Experience is preferred
1-2 years Networking Experience is preferred
Benefits*
· Competitive Pay

· Health, Dental & Retirement

· Continuing Education available
Salary*
· DOE

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 1 year (Preferred)
Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)",-1,Ophthalmology Specialists of Texas,"Abilene, TX",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
424,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Job Summary*
We are looking for a Machine Learning (ML) Engineer to help us create artificial intelligence products for Research and Development in the Medical Field. ML Engineer responsibilities include creating machine learning models and retraining systems. Transform Data Science prototypes to production-grade solutions. Responsible for implementing various algorithms for automated feature extraction, dataset augmentation, optimizing runtimes of neural network algorithms, and building higher level abstractions for various common AI/ML techniques.
Responsibilities: *
Study and transform data science prototypes
· Design, code and deploy machine learning systems capable of processing large volumes of data
Design and develop machine learning systems to create, train and deploy ML models
Develop machine learning applications according to requirements
Establish reusable data processing pipelines to enable rapid re-training and iteration through different ML methodologies
Select appropriate datasets and data representation methods
Design experiments and analysis methodologies that are statistically rigorous
Run machine learning tests and experiments
Perform statistical analysis and fine-tuning using test results
· Tailor and deploy software tools, processes and metrics

· Serve as a subject matter expert
Requirements: *
· Proven experience as a ML Engineer or similar role

· Experience with supervised, unsupervised, reinforcement learning algorithms

· Understanding of data structures, data modeling and software architecture

· Knowledge of ML frameworks such as Keras/Tensorflow/Theano/PyTorch and libraries (like scikit-learn)
Keep abreast of developments in the field
· Ability but to write robust code in Python, Java or equivalent modern programming language

· Proficiency in SQL, big data technologies and working with large data sets

· Works independently, able to manage multiple projects simultaneously

· Deep curiosity and a demonstrated ability to craft original solutions

· Highly communicative with collaborators and managers

· Proactive in seeking opportunities for innovation

· Ability to deal with ambiguity and deliver results in a fast-paced environment

· Dedicated and Self-Motivated

· Team collaboration and strong written and verbal communication skills

· Ownership and urgency across all responsible projects

· Proficient in Calculus, Statistics, and Linear Algebra

· Ability to work with cross-functional team to turn ideas into working solutions
Education & Experience: *
Requires Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Equivalent
2-5 years verifiable employment using requirements above. May substitute internships and projects for years of experience.
3-5 years Software Development Experience is preferred
1-2 years Networking Experience is preferred
Benefits*
· Competitive Pay

· Health, Dental & Retirement

· Continuing Education available
Salary*
· DOE

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 1 year (Preferred)
Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)",-1,Ophthalmology Specialists of Texas,"Abilene, TX",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
425,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Job Summary*
We are looking for a Machine Learning (ML) Engineer to help us create artificial intelligence products for Research and Development in the Medical Field. ML Engineer responsibilities include creating machine learning models and retraining systems. Transform Data Science prototypes to production-grade solutions. Responsible for implementing various algorithms for automated feature extraction, dataset augmentation, optimizing runtimes of neural network algorithms, and building higher level abstractions for various common AI/ML techniques.
Responsibilities: *
Study and transform data science prototypes
· Design, code and deploy machine learning systems capable of processing large volumes of data
Design and develop machine learning systems to create, train and deploy ML models
Develop machine learning applications according to requirements
Establish reusable data processing pipelines to enable rapid re-training and iteration through different ML methodologies
Select appropriate datasets and data representation methods
Design experiments and analysis methodologies that are statistically rigorous
Run machine learning tests and experiments
Perform statistical analysis and fine-tuning using test results
· Tailor and deploy software tools, processes and metrics

· Serve as a subject matter expert
Requirements: *
· Proven experience as a ML Engineer or similar role

· Experience with supervised, unsupervised, reinforcement learning algorithms

· Understanding of data structures, data modeling and software architecture

· Knowledge of ML frameworks such as Keras/Tensorflow/Theano/PyTorch and libraries (like scikit-learn)
Keep abreast of developments in the field
· Ability but to write robust code in Python, Java or equivalent modern programming language

· Proficiency in SQL, big data technologies and working with large data sets

· Works independently, able to manage multiple projects simultaneously

· Deep curiosity and a demonstrated ability to craft original solutions

· Highly communicative with collaborators and managers

· Proactive in seeking opportunities for innovation

· Ability to deal with ambiguity and deliver results in a fast-paced environment

· Dedicated and Self-Motivated

· Team collaboration and strong written and verbal communication skills

· Ownership and urgency across all responsible projects

· Proficient in Calculus, Statistics, and Linear Algebra

· Ability to work with cross-functional team to turn ideas into working solutions
Education & Experience: *
Requires Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Equivalent
2-5 years verifiable employment using requirements above. May substitute internships and projects for years of experience.
3-5 years Software Development Experience is preferred
1-2 years Networking Experience is preferred
Benefits*
· Competitive Pay

· Health, Dental & Retirement

· Continuing Education available
Salary*
· DOE

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 1 year (Preferred)
Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)",-1,Ophthalmology Specialists of Texas,"Abilene, TX",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
426,RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - RESEARCH ENGINEER - SIGNAL PROCESSING,"$59k-$86k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. The successful application will work in a dynamic team environment, analyzing, designing, developing, testing and fielding software for various types of aircraft. Responsibilities and activities include participating in software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Participating in requirements analysis and development, developing and reviewing software design, implementation, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Leading software development tasks and teams. Developing new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Collaborate with the team and work independently. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (with a focus in Computer Science) with 2-7 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience in software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have working knowledge of software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing; software/hardware integration and software documentation. Must have experience in embedded real-time RTOS application development as well as cyber detection. Experience with VxWorks RTOS environments, and cyber threat detection application development are highly desirable. Experience developing with Python or Java as well as experience with avionics applications is a strong plus. Excellent technical verbal and written communications skills are critical. A demonstrated track record filling software lead role with increasing responsibility in the areas of design, task planning, and delegation are highly desirable. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Oklahoma City, Oklahoma


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Oklahoma City, OK",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
427,"Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, Service","$71k-$138k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Bloom faces an unprecedented opportunity to change the world and the way companies utilize energy. We have recently launched a “game changing” solution called “Always on” that will help companies power their primary business operations without disruption with cleaner, more reliable electricity generated on-site with no combustion. We are looking for a Technical Business Analyst, Service Optimization & Analytics to join our team in one of today’s most exciting technologies.

The Technical Business Analyst will support an ongoing effort to optimize our Service strategy through improved analytics and visualization capabilities. This includes the development of optimization algorithms based on contractual economic drivers, cost/benefit analysis of key variables, and the development of a dynamic P&L model for fleet operations. The role will include dashboard development for Executive Leadership which clearly represents the revenue and cost sensitivities associated with the optimization strategies.

Role and Responsibilities:
Candidates must have a background in the following:
• Software Development/ Data Analytics:
o Assist in analyzing diverse sets of imperfect data and finding common patterns, theme and trends by using Big Data tools
• Optimization/ Operations Research:
o Experience with optimization problem setup and execution
o Experience in sensitivity analysis for complex business models
o Experience in building clear and concise data visualization dashboards (Tableau)

Education:
• Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science
• MBA or Masters in Business Analytics Preferred

Skills and Experience:
• 4+ years’ work experience
• Strong background in optimization, estimation & data analysis techniques
• Proficient with Python
• Experience with functional or object-oriented scalable software design and development
• Familiarity with NoSQL databases like MongoDB, Hadoop and REST APIs
• Working with open source databases and tools
• Experience with machine learning/AI development for predictive models preferred
• Experience with understanding Statistical models
• Experience in financial modeling
• Strong communication and presentation skills
• Strong analytical and problem solving skills

About Bloom Energy:
Bloom Energy’s mission is to make clean, reliable, and affordable energy for everyone in the world. The Company’s product, the Bloom Energy Server, delivers highly reliable and resilient, ‘Always-On’ electric power that is clean and sustainable. Bloom’s customers include twenty-five of the Fortune 100 companies and leaders in cloud services and data centers, healthcare, retail, financial services, utilities and many other industries. For more information, visit www.bloomenergy.com

Bloom Energy is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We are committed to compliance with all applicable laws providing equal employment opportunities. All qualified applicants, will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. Bloom Energy makes reasonable accommodations, consistent with applicable laws, for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant or employee with a disability, who can perform the essential job functions, unless undue hardship would result

IND1",3.1,"Bloom Energy
3.1","San Jose, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2001,Company - Public,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
428,Machine Learning Engineer,"$48k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Olive is healthcare's first intelligent digital workforce and has been successfully deployed at numerous healthcare systems across the country. Olive helps streamline and automate the most high-volume, repetitive tasks so healthcare professionals can concentrate on their patients and solving healthcare's most challenging problems. Olive's promise to her customers is that she finds out where she can make an impact, onboards quickly, shows up to work everyday, does her job extremely well, and gets smarter over time.

The focus of the Machine Learning Engineering team is to develop models and logic to address customers' needs, package the codebase for testing, and deploy it to production environments. The ideal candidate understands machine learning as well as software development best practices— from collecting and preprocessing data for training, validating, and testing machine learning models to unit and integration testing, deployment, and maintenance. As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be expected to have the ability to work collaboratively with customers and other engineers to demonstrate value in sprints.

Responsibilities:

Collaborate with team members to deliver ML and RPA solutions including but not limited to data analytics and analysis, ML model training, and RPA implementation
Identify machine learning architectures and models to solve complex data problems
Work with multiple stakeholders to deliver automated workflows in a timely fashion
Use software development programs and operating systems for development
Define new techniques and best practices for all areas of req and ML
Provide feedback to product and development teams to improve our in house tools
Document process, procedures, and training materials for staff and stakeholders
Attend daily stand-up and periodic team meetings

Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Physics, Applied Mathematics, Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering or other related degree or experience
Strong mathematical and data analysis skills
Solid understanding of data types and structures
Knowledge of remote connectivity applications: Citrix Receiver, Horizon VMWare Client, RDP
Version control such as GIT, Subversion, Team Foundation
Ability to understand large scale software & system architecture
Able to communicate technical issues with technical & non-technical stakeholders
Experience in one of the following programming languages: Python, R, SQL, and Javascript

Preferred Skills/Experience Nice to Have:

Experience with Python ML tools: Keras, Jupyter Notebooks, Pandas, scikit-learn, Flask, OpenCV, Tesseract, and Numpy
Experience with Agile tools, Jira, Trello, Pivotal Tracker
Understanding of Continuous integration, testing, deployment & release methodologies
Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism, Autolt experience
Understanding of Computer Vision
Proficiency with recent Windows Server operating systems
Healthcare IT and EHR knowledge

PI123669218",3.8,"Olive
3.8","Columbus, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
429,Lead Data Scientist - Ranking,"$131k-$206k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Faire is an online wholesale marketplace built on the belief that the future is local there are over 1M independent retailers in the U.S. and Canada doing more than twice the revenue of Walmart and Amazon combined. At Faire, we're using the power of tech, data, and machine learning to connect a thriving community of over 100,000 brands and local retailers around the world. Picture your favorite boutique in town we help them discover the best products to sell in their stores. With the right tools and insights, we believe that we can level the playing field so that small businesses can compete with these big box and ecommerce giants. We're looking for smart, resourceful and passionate people to join us as we power the shop local movement.

Lead Data Scientist - Ranking

Faire is using machine learning to change wholesale and help local retailers compete with Amazon and big box stores. Our experienced data scientists and machine learning engineers are developing solutions related to discovery, ranking, search, recommendations, logistics, underwriting, and more - all with the goal of helping local retail thrive.

Job Description

The Data Science team owns a wide variety of algorithms and models that power the marketplace. We care about building machine learning models that help our customers thrive.

As the Lead Data Scientist for our Ranking team you'll be responsible for developing machine learning-powered ranking models and adding personalization to our search and discovery. You'll determine answers to questions like, how relevant is this product to this retailer and how can we infer that in real-time? Can we create real-time embeddings of users' interests and use them to power ranking? How can we improve purchase flow? What techniques can we use to enable our A/B tests to more quickly converge when dealing with low sample sizes?

Our team already includes experienced Data Scientists from Square, Quora, TripAdvisor, Wealthfront and Overstock; and the head of the team is an experienced manager from Airbnb who is also a professor of machine learning at UC Berkeley. Faire will soon be known as a top destination for data scientists and machine learning, and you will help take us there!

You're excited about this role because
You'll be able to work on cutting-edge ranking problems combining a wide variety of data about our retailers, brands and products
You want to use machine learning to help local retailers and independent brands succeed
You want to be a foundational member of a fast growing company
You like to solve challenging problems related to a two-sided marketplace
Qualifications
Several years of industry experience using machine learning to solve real-world problems, and a history of accomplishment and advancement in your Data Science career
Experience with learning to rank (pointwise, pairwise, listwise models and understanding the trade-offs associated with each)
Strong programming skills. The tooling/language isn't important. (e.g., numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, R, Julia, etc.)
An excitement and willingness to learn new tools and techniques
Experience with relational databases and SQL
The ability to contribute to team strategy and to lead model development without supervision
Strong communication skills and the ability to work with others in a closely collaborative team environment
Great to Haves:
Highly recommended: Master's or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, or related STEM fields
Experience with Neural Network models for ranking
Experience with de-biasing and new learning to rank models
Ability to quickly implement state of the art algorithms from an academic paper
What We Offer:
We're growing fast. You will get in early on something that's going to be special.
We're funded by the best VCs in the world.
Our founding team is experienced and led the development of one of the top 25 apps in the US App Store (Square Cash).
Great technology stack. It's fun to work with the best tools and the latest software.
The business makes sense. It's straightforward and provides clear value to both retailers and brands. You get to help change an entire industry for the better.
It's beautiful. Work on something that's well-designed, following the footsteps of Apple and Square.
Why you'll love working at Faire:
We are entrepreneurs: We believe entrepreneurship is a calling and our mission is to empower entrepreneurs to chase their dreams. Every member of our team is an owner of the business and taking part in the founding process.
We are using tech and machine learning to level the playing field: We are using the power of technology and data to connect brands and boutiques from all over the world, building a thriving community of over 100,000 small business owners.
We build products our customers love: Everything we do is ultimately in the service of helping our customers grow their business because our goal is to grow the pie - not steal a piece from it. Running a small business is hard work, but using Faire makes it easy.
We are curious and resourceful: We always find a way to get the job done and come up with creative solutions to whatever problems are standing in our way. People at Faire are insatiably curious. We lead with curiosity and data in our decision making and reason from a first principles mindset.
Faire was founded in 2017 by a team of early product and engineering leads from Square. We're backed by some of the top investors in retail and tech including: Y Combinator, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Forerunner Ventures, Khosla Ventures, Sequoia Capital, Founders Fund, and DST Global. We have offices in San Francisco, Kitchener-Waterloo, and Salt Lake City. We're looking for smart, resourceful and passionate people to join us as we power the shop local movement. To learn more about Faire and our customers, you can read more on our blog.

Faire is being built for entrepreneurs, by entrepreneurs.

Additional Information

Faire provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetics, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression.",4.3,"Faire
4.3","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
430,"AVP, Data Modeler","$55k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are currently looking to hire a Senior Data Modeler within the Enterprise Data and Information Services team, which is a part of LPLs Technology organization. This position is responsible for establishing and maintaining foundational modeling practices and standards which will enable the company to transform the consumption and usage of data across the enterprise. The individual in this role will promote a deep understanding and awareness of data with a focus on information modeling, serve as a leader and data champion on data projects, and adhere to an enterprise-wide data governance framework to achieve the highest level of consistency, quality, and protection of data. Essential Functions: Represent business concepts, their definitions, properties, and relationships via conceptual and logical models and diagrams. Coordinate discussions and reviews with subject matter experts and stakeholders to confirm key attributes and relationships and to perform model validation. Produce models to support the mapping of data in legacy data formats and data stores to modern formats and enterprise data stores. Facilitate the alignment of models across multiple domains. Create, update, and optimize logical and physical data models along with corresponding metadata. Define and leverage data modeling and design standards, tools, and best practices. Ensure naming convention standards are followed, data proliferation is minimized, and data governance processes are followed. Perform reverse engineering of data models from databases and SQL scripts. Design and implement data technology solutions in the areas of master data, metadata, and reference data. Participate in the evaluation of new tools and techniques to improve data management for the enterprise. Partner with business analysts, data analysts, and other technology resources to interpret business and data requirements and translate into data models. Collaborate with data architects, technical leads, developers, and DBAs to design and implement data solutions. Maintain in-depth knowledge of data across all domains and entities. Provide support for metadata initiatives, including, but not limited to Business Glossary updates Data Dictionaries for physical table structures Data Models and Data Flow Diagrams Data Lineage within metadata repository Other Job Duties: Mentor and provide leadership to more junior members of the team. Qualifications: 7-10 years experience in applying data management principles and industry standards to design, build, and maintain complex data model assets in Transactional/ Operational, ODS, Data Warehouse and Data Mart applications, with a heavy emphasis on transactional data. Bachelors degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Systems, Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field. Expertise in data modeling principles, including conceptual, logical and physical data models. Mastery of data analysis and modeling tools, such as Power Designer, ERWin, and ER/Studio. Mastery of RDBMS platforms, including SQL Server and Oracle. Mastery of Data Definition Language (DDL) and Data Manipulation Language (DML) SQL commands. Experience maintaining metadata for complex data environments and ensuring data integrity. Demonstrated ability to work as part of a high-performing team and influence others within the technology organization. Flexible and able to successfully navigate ambiguity and succeed in a rapidly-changing, fast-paced, deadline-driven environment with multiple priorities. Highly organized with strong communication, problem-solving, documentation, and presentation skills. Proven ability to be proactive, possess flexible attitude, learn new skills, and manage ambiguity. Experience in financial services. Familiar with EDM Council, Financial Industry Business Ontology (FIBO), and other sources for financial industry models. Additional Requirements: Experience with both waterfall and agile project methodologies. Experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Python, and Spark are a plus but not required. Why LPL? At LPL, we believe that objective financial guidance is a fundamental need for everyone. As the nations leading independent broker-dealer, we offer an integrated platform of proprietary technology, brokerage, and investment advisor services. We provide you with a work environment that encourages your creativity and growth, a leadership team that is supportive and responsive, and the opportunity to create a career that has no limits, only amazing potential. We are one team on one mission. We take care of our advisors, so they can take care of their clients. Because our company is not too big and not too small, you can seize the opportunity to make a real impact. We are committed to supporting workplace equality, and we embrace the different perspectives and backgrounds of our employees. We also care for our communities, and we encourage our employees to do the same. This creates an environment in which you can do your best work. Want to hear from our employees on what its like to work at LPL? Watch this ! We take social responsibility seriously. Learn more here Want to see info on our benefits? Learn more here Join the LPL team and help us make a difference by turning lifes aspirations into financial realities. Please log in or create an account to apply to this position. Principals only. EOE. Information on Interviews: LPL will only communicate with a job applicant directly from an @lp l.com email address and will never conduct an interview online or in a chatroom forum. During an interview, LPL will not request any form of payment from the applicant, or information regarding an applicants bank or credit card. Should you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact LPLs Human Resources Solutions Center at (800) 877-7210.",3.6,"LPL Financial
3.6","Fort Mill, SC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1968,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
431,Sr. Analyst - Big Data Engineer,"$61k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","British American Tobacco
Job Number: 26901

Reynolds American Incorporated is positively transforming the tobacco industry. We’re a family of companies that strives for success in everything we do. The future inspires us because our people are igniting the breakthroughs that are redefining the ways adult tobacco consumers enjoy tobacco in the 21st century.

When other companies talk about growth, they only talk about size. At Reynolds American, we focus on the growth of our people. We take pride in each other’s growth and well-being throughout our careers. We invest in your career and total well-being because we know our companies succeed when our people thrive.

ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION:

Reynolds American Inc. is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., and the U.S. parent company of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc.; American Snuff Company, LLC; Niconovum USA, Inc.; Niconovum AB; R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company; Lorillard Licensing Company, LLC; and Reynolds Brands, Inc.. This position is with RAI Services Company (2200).

Here, you’ll have the opportunity to work on iconic brands and revolutionary products by collaborating with visionary, principled and passionate people every day.

The Big Data/Data Science Engineer role is a highly visible position that is an integral part of the Information & Digital Technology (IDT) team with tremendous career growth opportunities. This position provides an opportunity for technology leadership and support to cross-functional client areas and the IDT leadership team.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Serves as a productive project team member delivering high quality results for assigned tasks. Assists the project manager with project planning by assisting with the development of work plans, effort estimates and delivery timelines for assigned tasks
Builds expertise in Project Management discipline by leading and delivering projects (on time, within scope and within budget).
Assists in the identification, development, testing and implementation of new technologies, processes and services to provide the most efficient solutions to accomplish goals.
Effectively engages with contracted vendor services providing input to help monitor and improve the vendor’s performance.
Maintains awareness of emerging technology and communicates value/impact for supported functions.
Analyzes business and client needs to ensure that their big data platform related needs are supported, forecasted, incorporated into technology roadmaps and ultimately implemented in a platform as a service model.
Builds data pipelines to data lakes for new data sources and also data extractions to Data Science solutions and Reporting tools.
Creates POC data science/reporting solutions and explains the solutions to the stake holders.
Operationalize the Models in production and monitors the model drift and data drift.
Analyzes business and client needs to ensure that their unstructured data related needs are supported, forecasted, incorporated into technology roadmaps and ultimately implemented in a platform as a service model.
Lead coding and architecting of end-to-end AI applications on modern data processing technology stack (familiar with Chatbots, Image recognition, NLP, Voice technologies)
Drive collaborative reviews of design, code, data, features implementation performed by other data engineers in support of maintaining data engineering standards
Tests, integrates and maintains technology services, considering cross-functional business needs and Company goals.
Coordinates issue resolution with cross functional teams and vendors.
Builds IT Department services acumen to effectively leverage existing IT services to meet client needs.
Gains understanding of and supports the business processes of the assigned functions.
Interfaces comfortably with internal clients, co-workers and vendors building credibility and championing change.
Provides knowledge transfer and feedback to assist team and co-workers.
Job Requirements:

Education:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Information Systems or related area required, or related business experience
Experience:
Strong knowledge of AI/ML with at least 2-4 years of experience in Python/R programming knowledge required
Required Skills:
Must be a strategic thinker with strong influencing skills.
Demonstrated effective oral and written communication skills including both the ability to address detailed technical communications as well as the ability to distill complete technical status to executive level
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Strong analytical skills with an ability to recommend changes.
Must possess a high sense of urgency and work ethic.
Must be a self-starter who can work with minimal supervision, with the expectation of working as a motivated and cooperative team member.
Must be detail oriented, reliable, financially responsible, and have a proven track record of accomplishments.
Demonstrated ability to challenge the status quo.
Demonstrated experience with cloud infrastructure (AWS Big Data toolsets, CloudFormation, etc.)
Expertise and experience with software development and related techniques and methodologies such Agile
Experience with development of analytics and data science-based solutions using open source tools and libraries is required (Preferably implementing RGM, Marketing Mix, Consumer Segmentation)
Experience in managing production data science models and familiar with model and data drifts.
Experience with development of AI solutions and data science-based solutions using open source tools and libraries is required.
Creating Guard rails for Vendors on AI solutions on NLP, Chatbots, Image recognition & Voice.
Productionalize the full pipeline including distributed Machine Learning models (e.g., training/test pipeline, offer eligibility, data layer, feature layer, etc.)
Proficient in PySpark, Python, SQL, Java/Scala, No SQL
Preferred Skills
Knowledge of AWS Cloud technologies is preferred
Knowledge of Big Data Technologies (EMR, Hadoop, Hive, etc.)
Knowledge of SQL/NoSQL
Strong development experience with Python, Java, Scala, and related Linux-based scripting tools
Compensation/Targeted Bonus
Competitive Annual Salary
Targeted Annual Bonus
Relocation assistance available for those who qualify.
Benefit Summary

Our company offers very competitive benefit plans, including:
401(k) plan that offers opportunity to save on pre- and post-tax basis up to 50 percent of eligible compensation. Company matches 100 percent of employee pre-tax/Roth (401k) contributions up to six percent
Comprehensive health- and welfare-benefits package
Eleven paid company holidays annually, plus a generous paid vacation plan based on length of service
Company-paid sick and personal days, funeral leave and jury duty leave
Confidential personal financial counseling service
On-site health clinics and fitness centers
A matching grants program that enables employees to direct and double their donations to qualifying charitable organizations of their choice
Health-care advocacy service
Volunteer service opportunities
Federal credit union membership through Allegacy Federal Credit Union
Extensive training opportunities
Reynolds American Inc. and its affiliated companies is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Our organization offers a level of challenge, responsibility and creativity for motivated employees that stands apart from the crowd.

We are also committed to employing a diverse workforce and valuing different perspectives, experiences and talents to maximize the company's potential for successfully achieving its business objectives.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact us directly via email at TalentAcquisition@RJRT.com.

California Privacy Notice

Nearest Major Market: Salem
Nearest Secondary Market: Winston
Job Segment:
Database, Engineer, Data Analyst, Information Systems, Computer Science, Technology, Engineering, Data",3.4,"Reynolds American
3.4","Winston-Salem, NC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1875,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
432,Senior Data Scientist,"$110k-$176k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview:
Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of more than 600 individuals comprised of nationally-renowned educators, curriculum experts, developers, artists, writers, designers, engineers, producers, product managers, analysts and marketing experts! Together we develop engaging, effective digital learning technology and content to help children build a strong academic foundation for lifelong success.
Our flagship product ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy® is a comprehensive online curriculum and the #1 digital learning product for young children. To-date, more than 30 million children worldwide have completed over 7 billion Learning Activities on ABCmouse. We recently launched Adventure Academy, the first massively multiplayer online (MMO) game designed specifically to help elementary- and middle-school-aged children learn. It features thousands of engaging Learning Activities—including minigames, books, original animated and live action series, and more—in a fun and safe virtual world. Other Age of Learning programs include immersive English language learning products for children in China and Japan; ReadingIQ, a digital library and literacy platform; and a groundbreaking personalized, adaptive digital learning system that individualizes math instruction for every child through AI-driven technology.

We are committed to helping all children succeed. We provide our educational programs at no cost to teachers, Head Start programs, public libraries, and other community organizations, and have served millions of children through these initiatives. We recently established the Age of Learning Foundation to expand this work globally.
As we expand our global reach and increase the educational impact of our programs, we’re looking for passionate, ambitious, and collaborative leaders to become a part of our growing team.


Summary:
We are seeking a strong, highly-motivated, results-oriented Senior Data Scientist to help conduct in-depth analyses and derive relevant insights. You will be an integral part of a newly-formed central analytics team and your work will influence business operations and strategy throughout the company.
In this senior role, you will be the go-to person for advanced analytics and data science projects as well as mentoring and assisting junior analysts on our centralized data and analytics team as need be.
Responsibilities:
Partner closely with stakeholders from a variety of teams, including the executive team, curriculum, brand marketing, partnerships, strategy and customer success, to surface insights and learnings that solve key business challenges
Develop statistical analyses and build and deploy machine learning models to understand and predict customer behavior and product performance
Create, report and interpret key metrics to assess performance, measure the impact of strategic initiatives, and identify ways to grow revenue and reduce costs
Drive A/B and multivariate testing strategy and implementation of user behavior to inform media tactics, audience acquisition and targeting, churn, lifetime value, product and content recommendations and personalized experiences
Create beautiful visualizations
Communicate results to technical and non-technical stakeholders and mentor/lead more junior analysts as needed
Drive data capture and data integrity requirements while partnering with other teams so that the right data is captured
Maintain vigilant eye on data quality
Develop frameworks, models, tools, and processes to ensure data-driven decisions across org
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field and 5+ years of experience in professional data-intensive role excluding any independent data-related projects or internships that may or may not have been part of an undergraduate program
OR Master’s and/or Ph.D. in a quantitative field and 3+ years of experience in professional data-intensive role excluding any independent data-related projects or internships that may or may not have been part of an graduate program
Advanced knowledge of analytical, statistical and machine learning methods
Proficiency in SQL and complex SQL querying
Experience modeling in R and/or Python
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proven ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders
Must be intellectually curious, self-motivated, collaborative, and a team player
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience productionalizing models a plus
Experience with testing and optimization a plus, ideally in a digital environment
Experience in games or education a plus
We Provide:
Medical, Dental, Vision + 401k
Highly competitive PTO policy
Casual Dress Code
Snacks + Drinks (Coca Cola Freestyle Machine)
Gaming room including an Arcade (2,000+ games)
Frequent team and company outings
Limitless opportunities for professional growth!",3.2,"Age of Learning
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,K-12 Education,Education,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
433,System Engineer/Data Modeler,-1,"*\*\*\*\*\*\*Multiple Positions open with years of experience ranging from 5-20 yrs\*\*\*\*\*\**

*\*\*\*\*REQUIRED: Candidate must have an active TS/SCI Full Scope Polygraph Clearance\*\*\*\**

*Enterprise Architect SE4*

-A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, or a related discipline and at least 10 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s or PhD Degree may be substituted for two years of experience. Note: a High School Diploma or GED plus 14 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable.

-At least three years of demonstrated experience in DoD Architectural Framework (DoDAF) or Federal Enterprise Architectural Framework (FEAF).

-An understanding of data architecture approaches (e.g., DODAF, Zachman, UAF, TOGAF, JARM, etc.), industry standards and best practices (e.g., DMBOK)

-Familiarity with the use and operation of Enterprise Architecture tools (e.g. System Architect, Magic Draw, Cameo Enterprise Architecture, SPARX, IBM Rhapsody, CORE or Power Designer Architecture Tool Suites)

*Model Based System Engineering SE5*

-Work in small teams to translate existing documentation and subject matter expert knowledge into System Engineering models using a software tool (CORE or CAMEO).

-Successful candidates are system engineer practitioners, with system-level experience contributing to complex system-of-system engineering.

-Candidates must have hands-on experience producing SE products, use cases, architectures, and related engineering functions.

-Candidates must have produced and be able to interpret Use Case Diagrams with specifications, understand and be able to describe system architecture.

-Experience with SE software tools is highly desired but not required.

*DCGS SE ORA-3/SE-5*

The DCGS Systems Engineer will work directly with the Distributed Common Ground/Surface System (DCGS) Team and be responsible for installing, configuring, monitoring and maintaining Windows and Linux servers and workstations.

-This position will also support all of the DCGS Team activities to include Tactical SIGINT integration and National Tactical integration, STORMFORCE, and testing efforts for a variety of challenging tactical SIGINT Interoperability initiatives.

-Candidate will facilitate discovery of technical solutions and work with U.S. and international government, military, and industry stakeholders to test and validate solutions. Candidate should be familiar with and able to coordinate with a variety of national and tactical SIGINT capabilities, including Theater Netcentric Geolocation (TNG) capabilities at both the National and service level. Candidate will participate in live test events.

-Candidate must be willing and able to travel; with up to a one month trip annually, to support STORMFORCE and several shorter (up to one week) trips to support STORMFORCE, DCGS, and other activities, as needed. Candidate must have the ability to lift up to 40lbs to help load/unload equipment and supplies for STORMFORCE.

-A working knowledge of the following is required: NSAnet architecture and policies, Windows/Linux systems administration and security best practices, setting up a SIPR domain, guards/cross-domain solutions, networking environments and performance monitoring, network optimization and security*.*

*Data Modeler/Mapper, SE6 (NSAC)*

This is an NSAC-based position. Assists mission organizations and data architecture teams in developing physical, logical and conceptual data models that are crafted using a local model methodology. This methodology guides the creation of supporting UML class diagrams. These UML based models will be the source for mission physical models and associated exchange formats.

-Performing logical and physical data modeling. Skills needed include UML and relational theory.

-Develop and maintain artifacts, such as: Logical Data Models (LDM), Data Element Dictionaries (DED), model release documentation, data mappings.

-Ensure that TechSIGINT mission models align with the entire collection of models.

-Coordinate, meet, and hold Technical Peer Reviews with Subject Matter Experts and Stakeholder communities to discuss requirements and models developed.

-Define and analyze data requirements, map legacy data stores and formats to logical data model concepts.

*Data Modeler, SE4-5-6/SDM1-2-3*

Assists mission organizations and data architecture teams in developing logical and conceptual data models that are crafted using a local model methodology. This methodology guides the creation of supporting UML class diagrams. These UML based models will be the source for mission physical models and associated exchange formats.

-Analyzing customer requirements in order to produce and maintain artifacts such as Logical Data Models (LDM), Data Element Dictionaries (DED), model release documentation, and data mappings.

-Representing business and mission concepts, their definitions, properties, and relationships via modeling.

-Collaborating with data modelers within the organization and from other organizations to develop data models of common concern.

-Aligning domain models and mission models with each other and with enterprise models.

-Coordinating, meeting, and holding technical peer reviews with subject matter experts and stakeholders to discuss modeling requirements and perform model validation.

-Producing models to support the mapping of data in legacy data formats and data stores to modern formats and enterprise data stores.

*CRS SE6*

Provide SE support to the Customer Requirements Management Program

-Experience in Cognitive Systems Engineering, Human Factors Engineering,

-Industrial Engineering, or demonstrated experience in face-to-face Requirements elicitation from non-technical customers and translating those into technical requirements.

-Excellent oral and written communication skill

*CRS SE4*

Provide SE support to the Customer Requirements Management Program

-Familiar with agile development and test methodologies.

-Recent demonstrated experience in the administration and back end engineering of JIRA/
Confluence

-Familiar with automating reporting and tracking diverse projects within JIRA/Confluence.

-Recent experience in integrating the requirements of multiple organizations using the JIRA/Confluence Tool

-Excellent interpersonal skills and diplomacy. Excellent oral and written communication skills.

*MSO SE5 – GRAILS (SE5)*

-Experience using Groovy-on-Rails (GRAILS)

-Proficiency with hand-coding HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, and HTML5

-Experience with Bootstrap, jQuery UI, and the jQuery ecosystem, OR strong understanding of MEAN Stack (MongoDB, Express.js, Angular.js, and Node.js)

-Experience designing and engineering web-based applications using standards-based HTML/CSS/ JavaScript

-Solid understanding of current web standards and technologies

*CSDI SE5 Data Analytics*

-Assist in maintaining the overall Phase 2 architecture and collaborate with and between development teams in the area of data analytics

-Familiar with the principles and concepts of service-oriented architectures and data analytics

-Familiar with agile development and test methodologies

-Excellent oral and written communication skills

*Network and Storage SME (SE5)*

· _Overview: Looking for an SE to assist in planning and optimizing distributed data centers_

-High Performance Computing network and storage integration support

-Evaluating new products, methodologies, and agency policies to continually improve data center services while reducing cost and customer turn-around

-Working on architecture documents to forge new milestones to allow data center offerings stay relevant

-Actively participate in future roadmap decisions for storage, network, HPC, and server support

-Analyzing issues, including capacity planning for HPC-specific solutions such as Lustre fabric and high-speed networks

-Driving automation across data centers

*Analytic and Engagement Applications SE6*

-Provide leadership, providing guidance, manage individual assigned tasks to schedule, and drive communication and engagement with stakeholders.

-Provide systems engineering, technical analysis and guidance to support Y36’s response to corporate mission needs affecting tools/systems within their portfolio.

-Provide relevant mission and tool understanding to investigate and triage mission needs to discover and document potential impacts.

-Engage and collaborate with tool owners and development teams to analyze, investigate, discover and document technical assessments and responses related to mission needs affecting the portfolio.

*TECHSIGINT SE6*

-Documentation and design of TechSIGINT data flows and related applications such as WRANGLER, GRM and IM&S

-Documentation of WRANGLER database processes

-Knowledge of TechSIGINT data formats, intercept metadata and USSID guidelines

-Subject Matter Expertise with modernization efforts associated with transition formats

-Experience in test development and evaluation

-Experience in completing and tracking milestone completion and updates to documentation

*CMS Lead System Engineer SE6*

The SE will assist with the analysis and documentation of current systems, evaluation of potential new systems, identification of capabilities gaps, development of data models, and development of system transition, data migration, and decommissioning plans and activities in support of CMS’ modernization plans and in the design of enterprise solutions.

-Significant system engineering experience in the Intelligence Community (IC)

-Familiarity with IC system engineering policies, directives, and regulations.

-Familiar with agile development and test methodologies.

-Skilled communicator, able to collaborate with program management, lead system engineers (LSE), engineer review boards, and working groups.

-Ability to provide guidance to program offices and engineer leads in facilitating/coordinating engineer documents, host technical exchange meetings, and brief organizational document review processes.

-Ability to lead document reviews; ensure target dates for completion are met; facilitate consolidation of comments; track status of comments matrix during adjudication process.

*CMS System Engineer 5*

The SE will assist with the analysis and documentation of current systems, evaluation of potential new systems, identification of capabilities gaps, development of data models, and development of system transition, data migration, and decommissioning plans and activities in support of CMS’ modernization plans and in the design of enterprise solutions.

-Familiar with agile development and test methodologies.

-Ability to work independently and in groups to complete tasks bounded by constraints.

-Ability to breakdown complex problem space, formulate technical strategies, build action plans, and track progress against established baselines to resolve technical challenges and meet customer expectations.

-Knowledge and understanding of customer’s overall mission areas.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
* DoD and IC: 10 years (Preferred)

Education:
* Bachelor's (Preferred)",-1,Strategic Analytix,"Fort Meade, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
434,"Principal Scientist, Analytical Chemistry","$57k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


At Neurocrine Biosciences, we pride ourselves on having a strong, inclusive, and positive culture based on our shared purpose and values. We know what it takes to be great, and we are as passionate about our people as we are about our purpose - to relieve patient suffering and enhance lives.

What We Do:


Neurocrine Biosciences is a neuroscience-focused, biopharmaceutical company with 28 years of experience discovering and developing life-changing treatments for people with serious, challenging and under-addressed neurological, endocrine and psychiatric disorders. The company's diverse portfolio includes FDA-approved treatments for tardive dyskinesia, Parkinson's disease, endometriosis* and uterine fibroids*, with three pivotal and five mid-stage clinical programs in multiple therapeutic areas. Headquartered in San Diego, Neurocrine Biosciences specializes in targeting and interrupting disease-causing mechanisms involving the interconnected pathways of the nervous and endocrine systems. (*in collaboration with AbbVie)

About the Role:
Among other responsibilities, the Principal Scientist is responsible for analytical development to support research and development, tech transfer and commercialization of drug substance and drug product processes, as well as oversight of batch testing/release and regulatory document contribution through managerial and individual input. In addition, s/he provides project management for analytical in support of Chemical and Product Development projects, provides analysis and evaluation of material and products at all stages of the development process, and monitors and evaluates completion of tasks and projects.

_

Your Contributions (include, but are not limited to):
Plans and manages projects.
Represents Analytical Chemistry on cross-functional teams.
Maintains accountability for analytical deliverables and progress on R&D and manufacturing plans for all development projects.
Independently designs, plans and executes activities towards the goals of one or more analytical chemistry projects to support pre-clinical through commercial activities.
Supervises laboratory work and/or lab personnel and ensures safe laboratory practices.
Performs analytical development and optimizes methods in support of preclinical through commercialization.
Creates and implements novel ideas and techniques to support analytical activities with Chemical and Product Development.
Provides support for off-site analytical transfers, manufacturing support and interaction with contractors.
Provides input into CMC regulatory documentation and supporting work.
Provides effective supervision of laboratory personnel and guidance for their professional development.
Contributes to development of policies and department strategies.
Builds and enhances internal and external professional relationships.
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:

BS/BA in Chemistry or related discipline and 8+ years of experience in the analytical/pharmaceutical development field. Experience in method transfer in Analytical Chemistry, OR
MS/MA in Chemistry or related discipline and 6+ years of experience, OR
PhD in Chemistry or related discipline and 4+ years of relevant experience; may include postdoc experience
Thorough understanding of analytical chemistry and a well-developed understanding of process chemistry as well as formulation development
Excellent interpersonal skills with strong oral and written communication abilities
Excellent laboratory and productivity skills
Method transfer experience in Analytical Chemistry
Good understanding of cGMP requirements in API and drug product
Demonstration of cross-functional understanding related to drug development
Assimilates data and research findings outside of Neurocrine for application to new scientific projects
Maintains broad knowledge of scientific principles and theories and possesses intellectual mastery of one or more scientific areas
May develop an understanding of other areas and related dependencies
Advanced knowledge and demonstrated ability working with / recommending a variety of laboratory equipment/tools.
Ability to work as part of and lead multiple teams
Exhibits leadership skill and ability, typically leads lower levels and/or indirect teams.
Excellent computer skills
Excellent communications, problem-solving, analytical thinking skills.
Sees broader picture, impact on multiple programs, teams and/or departments..
Ability to meet multiple deadlines across a variety of projects/programs, with a high degree of accuracy and efficiency.
Excellent project management skills.
Neurocrine Biosciences is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets employer.",4.5,"Neurocrine Biosciences
4.5","San Diego, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1992,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
435,Analytics Data Engineer,"$37k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description:

As an Analytics Data Engineer, you will build data structures and pipelines to enable a rapidly growing team of Data Scientists and Analysts. You will form part of the analytics engineering organization responsible for enabling innovation through data exploration. You will be at the forefront of this rapidly evolving field and working closely with other specialists in the data & analytics space (Data Analysts, Data Scientists, DataOps Engineers). Most importantly, you’ll be part of a team that forms the backbone of a fast-growing company at the forefront of an exciting, growing industry. This position is based in Draper, UT.

What You'll Do:

Work in a self-directed but not isolated manner. Take ownership of the technical work you and your team create.
Enable our data analysts and scientists to perform data exploration activities with as much autonomy as possible
Collaborate with business data partners to rapidly iterate on new metrics / datasets and promote the results into a governed Enterprise Data Warehouse
During the normal course of work, contribute tests that improve data quality in our Enterprise Data Warehouse
Proactively identify areas for operational improvement in the data delivery space and collaborate with the rest of the data engineering team to achieve those goals
Help team operate current data platform (on-prem SQL Server) while migrating to new data platform (Snowflake) using a new data transformation architecture
Leverage platform in order to turn data into usable assets

Minimum Experience & Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, etc.)
2+ years professional experience in data & analytics/software engineering or 1+ year professional experience and a graduate degree in relevant field
1+ year experience moving data between systems, ideally into an analytical system
Understands and can explain different data storage technologies at a high level, with in depth knowledge and experience in at least one technology (such as Hadoop, SQL Server, Cassandra, Snowflake, Azure Data Lake Gen2)
Solid knowledge of data modeling, SQL, and optimization techniques
Experience modeling data to be consumed in a BI technology (such as Power BI, Tableau, Excel, Looker, ThoughtSpot, SAP Business Objects)
Deployed production code in at least 1 programming or scripting language (such as Python, R, Java, C#, PowerShell, bash)
Understand modern data warehouse practices
Understanding of modern software development and engineering practices
Understands different levels of technical ability in business users (data analysts, data scientists, management) and can speak at those levels

Compensation, Perks & Benefits:

Competitive Compensation
Full Health Benefits; Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance + Paid Parental Leave
Company Matched 401k
Paid Time Off + Paid Holidays + Paid Volunteer Hours
Diversity Alliance Resource Groups
Employee Stock Purchase Program
Tuition Reimbursement
Charitable Gift Matching
Job required equipment and services

WHO WE ARE

Prog Leasing, is the largest and longest-tenured virtual lease-to-own provider in the United States. The Company’s mission is to provide simple and affordable purchase options for credit challenged consumers. Over the last 20+ years, Progressive Leasing’s alternative lease-purchase options have helped millions of customers with less than perfect credit acquire needed items with ease. Progressive partners with 30,000 retail stores, helping to drive increased revenue and improve customer satisfaction. Learn more at http://www.progleasing.com.

Progressive Leasing welcomes and encourages diversity in the workplace. We do not discriminate in any aspect of employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local employment discrimination laws where Progressive Leasing does business.",4.4,"Progressive Leasing
4.4","Draper, UT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
436,SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SR. RESEARCH ENGINEER - TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS,"$67k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


The Intelligent Systems Division develops automated solutions for commercial and government clients in multiple domains including transportation (traffic management, connected automated vehicle), manufacturing robotics, medical prognostics and communication standards.


Objectives of this Role:

Serve as a software developer and researcher on a team developing software solutions in technology areas such as Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS), Integrated Corridor Management Systems (ICMS), and Decision Support Systems (DSS)
Initiate advanced research and development programs

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Utilize advanced data analytics techniques and enterprise data infrastructure skills in state-of-the-art software development environments
Perform in all phases of the development lifecycle, including requirements definition, software/systems design, implementation, testing, and integration
Interact with clients and conduct technical presentations.

Requirements:


Requires a Bachelors with a 3.00 GPA in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering or Computer Science or related
7 years of experience with an emphasis on software development and systems engineering and exposure to object-oriented programming (programming languages such as, but not limited to, C++, C#, Java)
Education and/or experience involving one or multiple of the following: .NET, C#, Java, JavaScript, C++, Python, WPF, Git, Microsoft SQL Server, Windows, Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, Redis, Elastic Stack, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Angular, Kafka, AWS, Azure, GCP
Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work well individually and as a member of a project team are required
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
437,Senior Data Analyst - Tableau (Remote/Virtual),"$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Do you have a passion for creating dynamic and visually appealing visualizations with Tableau? Enjoy doing complex, sophisticated calculations within Tableau?

This Senior Data Analyst role will include building and maintaining Tableau dashboards. The maintenance of dashboards will include updating the dashboards and updating calculations. To be able to complete the maintenance of the dashboards, it will be important that you understand how joins operate, the difference between context and dimension filters, and LOD calculations. When we build new dashboards, it is important that we can make visualizations that are both engaging and easy for people to understand.

If this is you, Apply Today!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to serve as key resource/SME in collection and analysis of data from multiple sources for the development of reports and statistical information. In this role, you will complete complex, sophisticated calculations within Tableau by utilizing multiple sources of raw data and summarizing calculations in Tableau with the raw data.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Formulates, defines and recommends scope and format of reports.
Oversees provision of ad hoc management reports.
May provide leadership, orientation, training, coaching, and mentoring to staff on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Identifies data trends and makes recommendations for quality improvement.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Technical degree required
Bachelors Degree preferred - Data Scientist, Data Analyst, Statistics, Mathematics, Actuarial Science, or similar degree.
Work Experience:
3 years of experience preferred.
Tableau experience of 3 years highly desired
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the links below for more information.

E-Verify Right to Work (links to E-verify sites)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
438,Data Scientist,"$78k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist*
Want to join a fast-growing company that is also recognized as Best Workplace in the Mortgage Industry with career growth potential? Network Capital has experienced explosive growth since its inception in 2002 as a leading Real Estate Finance company with offices in Los Angeles, Irvine, Miami and New York. Bring your talent and join our fun, high energy, fast paced environment*.*
*INC Magazine *rare Honor Roll award for Fastest Growing Companies, 6 years
*Fortune Magazine* Best Workplaces in Financial Services & Insurance – 2020
*Mortgage Executive Magazine *award for Top 100 Mortgage Companies, 2 years
Endorsed by Largest Mortgage Radio Show in the Nation with over 4 million weekly listeners
_Check out our video here: http://youtu.be/ivKRqyBGGLA_

_\*_Call or text our recruiter, Shay, now! (760) 338-5851\*
Job Overview: *
You, curious, detailed oriented, self-starter who can turn a vision into something tangible. Network Capital is looking for a data scientist to help bootstrap our data track. From traditional database management to dataset training your will be involved at every step of the data lifecycle. The ideal candidate will be at ease with cloud infrastructure, you like to automate repetitive tasks because let’s be honest it can be boring to click through the same screens over and over. If denormalized, supervised, unsupervised, clustering, standard deviation are in your everyday vocabulary, and you don’t mind getting your hands dirty, this is a job for you!
Responsibilities: *
Mine data and present statistics to optimize the company’s decision making
Interpret findings and present recommendations to management and stakeholders to create marketing plans
Build new KPI’s to continually refine data results and future analytic processes
Design data system to better improve acquisition costs and retention
Communicate with engineers and management to better understand the company’s needs and provide effective product solutions
Continually analyze and provide recommendations for data requests
Perform other duties as assigned
Requirements: *
5 years of Data Scientist experience
Strong problem-solving skills and an ability to stay organized in a fast-paced work environment
Experience with statistical modeling, clustering, regression analysis, machine learning
Possess an inclination towards business operations
Effectively collaborate with senior management
Experience with the following programs/software: Python, C#, Visio, Azure, AWS
Experience with BI tools - PowerBI, Tableau
Experience with the following database - SQL Server, MySQL
Benefits: *
Competitive pay and amazing company culture
Health, Dental, Vision insurance, 401k, Life insurance
If you have the qualification, please apply and we will be in contact soon!*
Job Type: Full-time

_Network Capital is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. It is our intent to maintain a work environment which is free of harassment, discrimination and retaliation due to age, race religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and/or related medical conditions), gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state or local laws. Should you require assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at (949) 408-2814._

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $200,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Science: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Fully Remote
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Yes",4.0,"Network Capital Funding Corporation
4.0","Irvine, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
439,Sr Data Analyst (Remote/ Virtual),-1,"We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

This is your opportunity to join the growing Ascension Data Sciences Institute! This position is ideal for someone with a passion for data analysis, working with different analytic tools, helping stakeholders to make data-driven decisions, and solving problems in healthcare!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

Serves as a key resource/SME in collection and analysis of data from multiple sources for the development of financial models, reports, and dashboards. Implements and supports business analytics and decision-making processes. This role will also assist developing relevant metrics to track performance and evaluate opportunities for improvement.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Formulates, defines, and recommends scope and format of reports.
May provide leadership, orientation, training, coaching, and mentoring to team and end users on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Identifies data trends and makes recommendations for quality improvement.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes data for business and financial insights.
Provides excellent customer service to business stakeholders and end users; serves as a liaison between finance and technical resources.
Initiates action on data requests
Assumes a proactive role in driving improvement activities to achieve department and organizational goals to deliver value.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance highly desired.
Technical Skills
Experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy preferred.
Actionable interpretation of analytic output
Requirements gathering and data discovery
Statistics (preferred experience in Python, R and RStudio)
SQL for Google BigQuery desired
Professional Skills:
Full scope of understanding Financial Statements
Strong written and oral skills
Strong collaborator and skilled cross-functional communicator
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify links below for more information.

eVerify

Right to Work",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
440,Data Analyst II,"$41k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We know why you are reading about this opportunity. You are driven to achieve goals. You are looking to make a direct impact. You want to work in a culture where your co-workers work as part of a diverse team, communicate across departments, and have a positive attitude. If we had to guess, you are innovative with great ideas, want to bring efficiencies to processes, and are looking to grow your career. Are we right? If so, let’s talk about who we are.

Who We Are

Greenphire is a leading provider of clinical payment and communication solutions. We provide software as a service (SaaS) to reduce costs, increase participant retention, and produce quantifiable results for our clients in the clinical trial industry. Our vibrant culture focuses on four key values: All In, As a Team, For a Purpose, Solving Problems.

We are a multi-year recipient of the Philadelphia Business Journal’s Best Places to Work award, and love to give shout-outs and awards to our employees. Our For A Purpose committee champions philanthropic activities throughout the year so employees can give back to our community. We have a diversity committee that focuses on breaking down barriers, recognizing that our uniqueness is what makes us so successful!

To Join Our Team

You must love numbers and manipulating large sets of data. You also must be analytical with experience extracting and uploading data into a system - paying special attention to detail and taking pride in accuracy. At the same time, you have to be able to excel in a fast-paced environment and love ever-changing and advancing work. If automating and making things efficient is your thing, look no further!

How You Will Contribute
Build internal relationships and deliver data science solutions to meet their needs
Extract and manipulate large amounts of data using SQL, Excel and visualization analytics software
Present analytics and data visualizations for stakeholders, with actionable insights
Provide ad hoc queries, and develop reports that provide insights and access to key performance metrics
Integrate data from multiple sources into reports for internal and external sources
Conduct quality control and auditing to ensure accuracy and appropriateness of data and configurations
Work cross-functionally with Operations and Technology to improve data quality and reporting
For Consideration You Will Have
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science, finance or equivalent work experience
SQL and advanced Excel experience
Prior coding experience (a plus)
Proficiency with visual analytics software; MS Power BI, MS SQL Server Analysis is a plus!
Proven analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities
Passion for sharing your skills and data knowledge with others
Demonstration of high degree of productivity while handling multiple tasks simultaneously, and easily adaptable to urgent matters when required
Strong written and verbal communication, and research skills
Strong relationship building skills for collaboration",3.6,"Greenphire
3.6","King of Prussia, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
441,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"MORSE is a small, innovative, employee-owned engineering firm that develops algorithms, software, and integrated prototypes for manned and unmanned systems in the air, land, sea, and undersea domains. The systems MORSE develops are typically the first of their kind and are highly specialized for the military personnel and first responders who use them.

MORSE is searching for innovative candidates with expertise in using state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms for aerospace applications. The candidate will be responsible for acquiring truth data, integrating algorithms, testing algorithms, combining algorithms, reviewing literature to stay on top of the latest-and-greatest methods, analyzing data from field tests, and developing advanced algorithms. MORSE's machine learning focuses both on computer vision-based problems (with deep learning solutions) and data analysis of sparse data sets. The candidate will work with MORSE's current team of engineers to transition algorithms to production, which may run on a server or on a real-time embedded system. The candidate must also be capable of clearly communicating concepts to engineers and stakeholders.

Requirements and Qualifications:
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED, or the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance
Masters or Doctorate in Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, or related field
Desired Skills:
Solid understanding of physics, linear algebra, statistics, algorithms, optimization, and machine learning methods
Proficiency in Python
Experience with Docker is a plus
Experience with TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, or Dlib is a plus
Experience with Java, C#, or C/C++ is a plus
Experience with web programming, including React and Django is a plus
Experience with automated testing, and CI platforms like Jenkins, is a plus
Good communication skills
Self-starter and driven",5.0,"MORSE Corp
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
442,Contract Data Analyst,"$54k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Amyx is seeking to hire a Contract Data Analyst located in Rosslyn, VA. The successful candidate must have A 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree with a major in any field, that includes or is supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization. Also, a minimum of 2 years of experience serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst

Responsibilities:

Responsibilities and Skills:

Knowledge of WAWF eBusiness processes.
Knowledge of the federal acquisition process.
Knowledge of contracting principles, laws regulation and procedures.
Knowledge of methods and techniques of fact-finding, analysis, and resolution of complex problems, and the ability to develop concrete action plans to solve problems.
Knowledge and Experience of the WAWF eBusienss Suite, to include: iRAPT, EDA, IUID, CDR, MyInvoice, and Contract Closeout.
Good verbal, analytical and written communication skills.
Good organizational skills in tracking data and actions.
Knowledge and Experience writing professional documents.
Knowledge and Experience in Customer Service.
Skilled in Business Intelligence Reporting.
Proficient in the use of the Microsoft suite of applications including Word, SharePoint, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Project as well as with Adobe Acrobat.

Supported Technologies:
Integrative Acquisition Environment
DOD acquisition system

Qualifications:

Required Skills and Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree and preferred majors are accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization.
2 years of experience required in serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:
Knowledge of Federal and DOD acquisition procedures

Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.
Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.
Physical Demands
Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.",4.0,"Amyx, Inc.
4.0","Arlington, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
443,Senior Data Engineer,"$90k-$157k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Us

Kiva (kiva.org) is an international nonprofit with a mission to expand financial access to help underserved communities thrive. We run a global marketplace platform to crowdfund microloans for financially excluded entrepreneurs, farmers and students around the world. Our organization combines the culture and technological passion of an internet start-up with the compassion and empathy of a non-profit to create impact and opportunity at global scale. Since 2005, we have raised more than $1.4 billion in loan capital for 3.6 million borrowers in 95 countries. Our lenders fund over $13 million in loans every month. With offices in San Francisco, Portland, New York, Nairobi, and Bangkok, Kiva's team includes 100+ employees and 400+ volunteers worldwide. Our team is growing as we pursue exciting new opportunities to create a financially inclusive world.

About Data Science @Kiva

The Data Science team at Kiva creates impact by using data to solve problems around financial inclusion. This translates to a host of exciting and challenging technical problems spanning analytics, machine learning, data engineering, and infrastructure. The team is currently building out a new analytics stack, algorithms to power personalization on kiva.org, and is looking to scale analytics & data science for other kinds of problems. Our current ecosystem of infrastructure, tools, and skillsets include AWS, GCP, Kubernetes, Snowflake, Fivetran, Looker, DBT, Google Cloud Composer (Airflow), Snowplow, Python, Kotlin, and PHP.

About the Role

The team is looking for a strong engineer to help architect, design, build, maintain, and evolve our analytics platform. This is an opportunity to be an early influencer and a significant contributor to the direction and growth of the team. As a Senior Data Engineer, you will:
Own an analytics platform that will influence the experience of millions of lenders and borrowers around the world.
Work with internal stakeholders to identify their analytics needs, and drive the analytics engineering roadmap.
Collaborate with analysts, data scientists & engineers to write data transforms/pipelines to generate reliable insights, and build data-driven products.
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Work with various parts of the organization (Analytics, Engineering, Product, Operations, etc.) to support self-service analytics.
Help foster a spirit of innovation and collaboration both within the engineering team and across the organization.
Work to create impactful and sustainable solutions to complex problems by taking bold and measured risks.
Balance your technical excellence with a high E.Q., showing up with a sense of empathy, awareness, and responsibility.
Share the knowledge you gain generously with your peers to perpetuate a culture of engineering excellence.
This role will be based in San Francisco or Portland and will report to the Director of Data Science based in San Francisco. At this time, we can only consider applicants with authorization to work in the United States on a permanent, full-time basis; unfortunately, we cannot provide visa sponsorship.

About You
You have a BS in a quantitative discipline (computer science, engineering, physics, mathematics, or a related field) or comparable work experience.
You have built data platforms to enable analytics and data-driven products using agile software development principles.
You have 5+ years of data warehousing experience (data modeling, ETL/ELT, data cleansing, systems & database administration) on a modern data warehouse (like Redshift / Snowflake / etc.).
You have experience working with modern analytics tools (like Looker / Tableau / Metabase, etc.) to design user-facing analytics.
You have strong coding (SQL & Python) and report design skills.
You have worked with various internal stakeholders to gather business requirements and translate them into technical solutions.
You can communicate findings and recommendations to technical and non-technical audiences.
You are willing to learn, take initiative, and wear multiple hats as required.
What We Offer:
An opportunity to improve real lives, solve hard problems, and change the world
Friendly, supportive, and adventurous environment with a team of engaged colleagues
A comprehensive, industry-leading benefits package
Opportunities to connect with and learn from colleagues and partners around the world
A diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is an integral part of Kiva's culture. We actively welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and a great place to work. Join us and help us achieve our mission!

We will only accept applications directly from candidates. Kiva will not be responsible for any recruiting agency fees, absent a formal agreement.",4.2,"Kiva.org
4.2","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
444,Data Scientist- Logistics Delivery Team,"$94k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Grubhub is dedicated to connecting hungry diners with our wide network of restaurants across the country. Our innovative technology, easy-to-use platforms and streamlined delivery capabilities make us an industry leader today, and in the future of online food ordering.
We strive to create a workplace that reflects the diversity of our customers and the communities we serve. When you join our team, you become part of a community that works together to innovate, solve problems, take risks, grow, work hard and have a ton of fun in the process!
Why Work For Us
We have a fast-paced environment and that is what our teams thrive on. Grubhub believes in empowering people and offering opportunities for development, as well as professional growth. We value strong, positive relationships in all areas: with each other, our customers and our greater community. Want to be a part of a team of diverse collaborators in an authentically fun culture? If so, we want to talk to you - and hear what’s your favorite restaurant for food delivery!
Grubhub is looking for an innately curious, business-minded, results-oriented Data Scientist to work on our Logistics Data Science team. As part of our Delivery initiative, this team is focused on developing models, algorithms, simulations, and experiments to accelerate and perfect our delivery systems. As a member of this highly collaborative team, you will get to partner with stakeholders all across the business to solve diverse, novel and highly formidable problems. The team’s responsibilities are uniquely broad; they encompass topics such as delivery timing estimation, driver payment strategies, dynamic market balancing and smarter driver dispatching.
A successful candidate is a motivated person with strong model, algorithm, and software development, and communication skills. They should hold themselves to a high standard for coding best practices and a passion for pushing their team to new heights by designing new tools and evangelizing durable and efficient solutions for deploying large scale machine learning models and algorithms. Ideally, the candidate would strive to remain abreast with related science technologies, show growth in charting new avenues for automation through data science and the rare ability to appropriately balance short term gains with long term goals.

Build and deploy models and algorithms that intelligently automate a diverse array of services and operations that make Grubhub food delivery possible.
You will constantly pivot between the daily tasks of research, model building and programming to architecting a strategic vision for how our team can automate and optimize Grubhub’s delivery operations.
You will develop and maintain strong relationships with software engineering teams consuming your algorithm and model outputs.
Apply robust and maintainable coding practices to ensure high-quality outputs at all times to our model consumers.

You should have:
Master’s degree in a quantitative or technical field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science or Computer Engineering
4 years of industry experience in a data science role or adjacent position
Expert knowledge with Python scripting language and SQL.
Experience with the entire pipeline of deploying machine-learning algorithms including their development, validation, implementation, and production launch.
Demonstrable proficiency in basic statistics, linear algebra, and calculus as they relate to machine learning concepts.
Interest in coding best practices, both in acquiring them, developing them, and evangelizing them to teammates and others.
Strong ability to distill and communicate complex technical concepts and solutions at a level appropriate for the intended audience.
Got These? Even Better:
Ph.D. in aforementioned quantitative or technical field or 6 years of industry directly relevant industry experience.
Past successes processing, research, and modeling GPS data or geotraces.
Experience with big data: extraction, processing, filtering, and presenting large data quantities using cloud technologies like AWS.
Familiarity with utilizing a clustered distributed-data processing tool such as Spark, Dask or Hive.
Expert level knowledge of experimental statistics, research and best practices.

Flexible PTO. Grubhub employees are provided a generous amount of time to recharge their batteries.
Health and Wellness. We provide programs that support your overall well-being such as generous medical benefits, employee network groups, company-wide fitness challenges, and a comfortable and casual workplace! We also support our parents by offering 8 weeks of paid parent bonding time, a 4-week returnship program, and 6-8 weeks paid medical leave.
Learning and Career Growth. Your personal and professional development is a priority at Grubhub. From day one, we empower you to lead and be an active participant in your career growth. We provide continuous learning opportunities, training, and coaching and mentorship programs.
MealPerks. Who’s ready for some lunch? We provide our employees with a weekly Grubhub credit to enjoy and support local restaurants. We also offer company-wide meals several times a year to bring our Grubhub family together.
Fun. Every Grubhub office has an employee-led Culture Crew that connects people through fun, meaningful events and initiatives. Some of our popular past events include: Wing-eating contests, Grubtoberfest, 5k Runs, Bring Your Child to Work Day, regular happy hours, and more!
Social Impact. We believe in the importance of serving the communities that support our business. In addition, employees are given paid time off each year to support the causes that are important to them.

Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. If you are applying for a job in the U.S. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.

CA Privacy Notice: If you are a resident of the State of California and would like a copy of our CA privacy notice, please email privacy@grubhub.com.",3.9,"Grubhub
3.9","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2004,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
445,Data Scientist,-1,"Phreesia is looking for an experienced and hands-on Data Scientist to join our growing Data Science Team; someone with extraordinary analytical and technical skills who is familiar with the entire lifecycle of a data science project, from data exploration, modeling and analysis, to model selection, validation, evaluation, and deployment.

You will be joining a team of especially smart, humorous, quick-witted, and dedicated coworkers, all passionate about data and improving patient access to healthcare. You will be responsible for building data products for internal consumption, near real-time business intelligence tools, and predictive models. We are looking for someone experienced in partnering with business stakeholders, translating their needs into technical solutions and answers, and then building and delivering those solutions. This role will report directly to the Associate Director of Data Science.

What You'll Do:
Leverage Phreesia's massive and ever-growing dataset to build data products that provide actionable business insights
Optimize targeted engagement strategies through modeling, forecasting, and evaluation
Develop methods to efficiently classify and characterize patient populations
Navigate and use diverse machine learning stacks in Python and R
Use NLP techniques to parse, process, and structure textual data
Quickly prototype ideas and solve complex problems by adapting creative approaches
Build customized dashboards for internal and external clients
Take ownership of data products and ensure they are properly tracked throughout their lifecycle
Write clean, well-tested, code that will stand the test of time
Be an expert communicator: you could summarize your daily progress in a tweet
What You'll Bring:
2+ years of experience in an operational Data Science role.
Professional command of Data Science and Machine Learning toolsets such as Python (Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Scikit-learn), R (dplyr, tidyverse, ggplot).
MS/MA in a quantitative field such as data science, computer science, engineering, mathematics, statistics, computational linguistics, physics, or relevant equivalent professional experience
Experience in using statistical principles to inform decision making (experimental design, significance tests, a/b testing)
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal
Ability to organize, visualize, and present complex data in a way that tells a compelling story and drives decision making
Strong SQL skills
Experience contributing professional-level code using version control
Nice to Have:
Experience using web frameworks such as Python flask or R shiny
Experience in collaborating with Data Scientists and Data Engineers to propose, test, validate, evaluate, and deploy Machine Learning models
Experience using Apache Spark
Experience using Graph and/or search Databases (e.g. neo4j, elasticsearch)
Healthcare experience and a basic understanding of clinical terms
Who We Are:

At Phreesia, we're committed to helping healthcare organizations succeed in a fast-changing landscape—and we need smart, passionate people to help us do it. Our innovative SaaS platform offers our clients a suite of applications to manage the intake process, giving them the tools to engage patients, improve efficiency, optimize staffing and enhance clinical care.

Basically, what you do here matters, and hard work does not go unnoticed. Not only does Phreesia care about our clients, we also care about our employees. In fact, we're a three-time winner of Modern Healthcare magazine's Best Places to Work in Healthcare award. If you're interested in consistent feedback and recognition, defined career paths, and the opportunity to work with driven and engaged colleagues in a dynamic industry, this may be the right opportunity for you.

Benefits and Perks:
Variety of health plan options, dental/ vision coverage, and short/long-term and life insurance plans
401(k) savings plan
Flexible working hours
Unlimited vacation
Home office set up
Mobile phone stipends and internet reimbursement
Fitness reimbursement
100% paid maternity leave to our U.S. employees, as well as a generous maternity benefit to our employees in Canada.
Tuition and certification reimbursement, as well as other professional development opportunities
We strive to provide a diverse and inclusive environment and are an equal opportunity employer.",3.9,"Phreesia
3.9",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2005,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
446,"Staff Scientist I, Life Sciences","$42k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","STAFF SCIENTIST I, LIFE SCIENCES

EH&E, the Company:
EH&E is an employee owned company that provides businesses, agencies and institutions with innovative and cost saving solutions for their health and safety, environmental and engineering needs. We protect hospitals, higher education institutions, biotech/pharmaceutical companies and governmental agencies against pollutants/contaminants such as mold, ensuring safety in the workplace. Headquartered in our aesthetically beautiful, remodeled office in Newton, Massachusetts; EH&E is a trusted, recognized partner engaged with international governmental agencies, Global 5000 enterprises, and leading education and healthcare facilities. www.eheinc.com
Job Description:
As a representative of EH&E's Life Sciences team, a Staff Scientist I, is an experienced environmental health and safety professional who works with our biotechnology and research laboratory clients throughout New England. Educates, trains, and provides support to operations in the development and execution of consistent safety and environmental management programs. Directs accident investigation programs, develops accident trends, and develops programs for improving performance. Ensures compliance with all safety and environmental programs. Directs a proactive safety and environmental program. Improves the quality of safety and environmental management processes following established regulations, policies, standards, and practices. The successful applicant will be supported by a team of industry experts who will nurture and develop your career. This position reports directly to the Managing Principal Consultant or Senior Scientist. We offer competitive salary packages and excellent benefits. If you are interested in this opportunity, we would be delighted to hear from you
Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Sales & Client Relations:
Responsible for maintaining the integrity of the business by presenting a positive, professional, respectful and professional image to our clients
Identify potential opportunities to senior staff
Deliver services on projects that meet or exceed client expectations
Consults with Principal Investigators and laboratory personnel on inspection findings and provide appropriate recommendations based on regulatory compliance and best practice guidance.
QA/QC:
Participates in Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC) and Laboratory Safety Committee meetings.
Conducts or oversees periodic inspections of laboratories by qualified personnel in accordance with federal, state, and local government regulations and agencies’ policies; conducts air sampling for specific materials used in the research environment
Collect quality data as well as field data by other project staff
Assists clients with identification of appropriate biological laboratory containment levels, and strategies for hazard assessment and control
Assist in project/study design
Training/Mentoring:
Willingness and openness to professional development
Prepares and delivers classroom-based and online biosafety and laboratory EH&S training programs. Topics include laboratory safety and chemical hygiene, biosafety, NIH recombinant DNA, OSHA Bloodborne Pathogens Standard, Shipping (IATA/DOT), and other customized training. Updates written materials regarding biological safety and laboratory EH&S (e.g., Biosafety Manual, Chemical Hygiene Plan, Hazard Communication, etc.).
Conducts follow-up with laboratory personnel as needed.
Customer Satisfaction:
Represent respectful professional image
Interact with client’s staff to execute work
Contribute to client satisfaction as a team member/project manager.
Technical Expertise:
Ability to apply basic scientific principles to EH&E’s work while developing observational ability and functional analytical skills in discipline
Performs risk assessments and job safety analyses for work involving chemical and biological materials.
Conducts air sampling and personal monitoring for specific materials used in the research environment; inspects and/or tests and audits the performance of safety equipment such as but not limited to emergency safety showers and eyewash stations, chemical fume hoods and spill kits; performs respiratory protection fit-testing.
Assists in shipping hazardous materials and biological materials; investigates research environment incidents; responds to chemical, biological, and after-hour emergencies
Utilizes mobile devices to collect inspection information.
Communication and reports:
Written and verbal communication skills are essential as you will be contributing to reports
Clearly communicate technical concepts while maintain context and understanding the audience.
Financial Management:
Be able to work to timelines and report any deviations to this to management.
Achieve project profitability goals.
Key Skills:
Excellent interpersonal, written and communication skills
Driver’s license, occasional travel required
Commercial awareness
The ability to work well under pressure
Teamworking skills
Good analytical skills
Ability to work independently when required
Proficient in MS Word, Excel, and Access
The ability to cope with shift work and unsocial hours, which are at times required
Experience with standard office equipment (computers, phones, and photocopiers).
Education / Training:
Bachelor of Science (BS) or Master of Science (MS) in Biology, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, or related subject.
Industrial experience in a research laboratory, clinical laboratory, or biotech industry environment; or, at least experience working within an environmental health and safety department for a biotech or research facility. Background working with radioactive materials or radiation safety.
Professional Certifications & Memberships Preferred:
Registered Biosafety Professional; Certified Industrial Hygienist; Certified Safety Professional; HAZWOPER certification; DOT/RCRA certification; membership in the American Biological Safety Association; membership in the American Industrial Hygiene Association.",3.7,"Environmental Health
3.7","Boston, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Building & Personnel Services,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
447,Psychometrics and Quantitative Research Consultants,"$33k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Language Assessment Division of the Center for Applied Linguistics has occasional need for qualified consultants to work with the Psychometrics and Quantatitive Research team. We accept CVs from professionals with Master’s degrees in statistics or other fields with strong quantitative content, or with PhDs in educational measurement. We also accept CVs from PhD candidates.

Consultants may be tasked with completing analyses, replicating analyses for quality control purposes, or supporting the production of technical reports.

Essential skills include experience producing analyses in a professional setting using SPSS and R. Desired skills also include experience with Rasch analysis and DIF analysis. Experience with language assessment is also a plus.

Application Process
Email a CV and cover letter indicating your experience with the skills listed above to jobs@cal.org, with the subject line: Psychometrics and Quantitative Research Consulting.
CAL will add your information to our files and contact you as consulting opportunities arise that meet your qualifications.

For any additional questions or comments, please contact us at jobs@cal.org.",2.8,"Center for Applied Linguistics
2.8","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
448,"Associate Scientist, Virology (PhD Required)",-1,"The associate scientist in virology will be involved in conducting infectious diseases research programs directed at developing novel broad-based host-targeted anti-viral and immunomodulatory therapeutics against influenza and other viral infections. The candidate will write scientific publications, grant and patent applications, and investigational new drug (IND) applications. The responsibilities of this position include developing and executing cell-based assays, _in vitro,_ _ex vivo_ and _in vivo_ to characterize biological mechanisms of action of novel immunotherapeutic product candidates for the treatment of infectious diseases. The associate scientist will have ample and documented experience in cell culture, virus generation and propagation, as well as molecular biology, immunology and biochemical techniques. We are looking for a highly motivated and collaborative individual with a passion for research who enjoys working in a fast-paced and highly dynamic working environment. The candidate will be aligned with four fundamental pillars of BTI's entrepreneurial corporate culture: 1) Be bold and decisive, 2) Never give up, 3) Be solution-oriented, and 4) Do the impossible.
Key Responsibilities: *
· _Experimental Design: _ Generate and test novel experimental hypotheses to advance discovery-based R&D at BTI. Propose controlled designs capable of robustly testing respective hypotheses to draw conclusions relevant to drug development research.

· _Data analysis: _ Utilize established and novel methods to analyze data. Data types will include but are not limited to flow cytometry results, high-throughput sequencing, protein biochemistry assays, and histopathology.

· _Data communication and reporting: _ Provide detailed reports of experimental results. Generate figures, presentations and publications to communicate results with scientific community, investors, and collaborators. Support the development of peer reviewed scientific publications, patents and grants relevant to ongoing research. Demonstrate innovation and strong problem-solving skills.

· _General Laboratory Procedures_: Perform various standard experimental assays including quantitative real-time PCR, Western blot, flow cytometry, and ELISA. Work in sterile conditions to conduct cell culture experiments and maintain the growth of cell lines. Express and purify recombinant protein. Collect and analyze generated data.

· _Personnel Training_: Training of BTI personnel on laboratory upkeep, experimental assays and research projects. Guide the personnel resourcing of projects and tasks.

· _Animal Procedures_: Conduct various IACUC approved laboratory animal procedures and techniques for BTI’s projects including but not limited to basic rodent handling, oral gavage, intraperitoneal injection, blood collection, and euthanasia. Interact with animal facility personnel to maintain organization and compliance of animal facilities. Will design new animal studies for projects related to therapeutic efficacy or mechanisms of action of new drugs for infectious diseases.

· _Virology_: Perform mammalian cell culture and independently develop, run, analyze and troubleshoot in vitro assays, such as cell-based activity assays, virus generation and propagation, and high throughput screening assays. Use developed screening assays to validate the characterize novel therapeutic products.

· _Teamwork_: Work independently and collaboratively in a matrixed environment. Be able to successfully work with other BTI team members in experiments.

· _Regulatory Compliance_: Support regulatory compliance efforts as instructed by the senior leadership in accordance with IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocols. Implement, organize and maintain regulatory compliance records.

· _Record keeping_: Timely documentation of experiments and activities in electronic archive systems. Keep detailed records of all activities, record these activities in Google Drive, laboratory notebook, the BTI’s Colony Management System (CMS), and Labkey. Provide weekly updates of the BTI research progress to the CSO, and BTI team. Maintains confidentiality of all data, information and knowledge.

· Maintain the confidentiality of all company deliberations and plans.

· Any new responsibilities or changes in the reporting structure as directed by the executive leadership.

· Act in accordance with Company’s policies.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $48,590.00 - $69,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Company's website:
www.biotherapeuticsinc.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"BioTherapeutics, Inc.","Blacksburg, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
449,Principal Data Scientist,-1,"The Principal Data Scientist will be a data science subject matter expert and provide team leadership in their area of responsibility. The Technical Team Lead will lead selected projects or activities, as required, and will collaborate with other disciplines and teams.

Qualifications:
• MSc/PhD degree in in a quantitative field (such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering) or BSc in a related discipline and 7 years of industry experience
• 5+ years of professional experience in data science, computer vision or related fields
• 3+ years of professional experience leading data science or related discipline teams
• Subject matter expert in the areas of Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence
• Advanced quantitative and analytical skills around applied research, mathematical modelling, and statistical modeling
• Practical software development skills in one or more programming languages, such as Python, Scala/Java, C++, etc.
• Fluency with one or more machine learning frameworks (such as TensorFlow, Pytorch, Caffe)
• Experience leading and mentoring senior, mid-level, and junior data scientists
• A passion for AI/ML, overcoming difficult challenges, and accomplishing great things
Bonus:
• Proven experience developing and evolving novel/new DNN architectures
• Strong publication background (Company will support publication work)",4.5,"Infinite Resource Solutions
4.5",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
450,Equity Quantitative Analyst,"$75k-$152k
(Glassdoor Est.)","A career at T. Rowe Price says you want to contribute and make a difference at a leading global investment management firm where success results from the dedication our associates have in building success for our clients. We are a growing organization of associates from diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives.
We take a long-term view on associates and their careers. Our associates do phenomenal work with purpose, and as a result, we provide growth opportunities through in-person and online training, management development programs, and career development on the job.
If you are seeking a meaningful work experience along with a workplace culture that thrives on teamwork, we invite you to explore the opportunity to join us.


Equity Quant Analyst

Role Summary

Quantitative analysts are expected to make significant contributions to the Equity Division’s quantitative research and development efforts. This position focuses on quantitative research for building stock selection models and to support the expansion of the quantitative research group’s analytical tasks and activities.

Principal Responsibilities

Independently research, analyze, and model quantitative and financial engineering topics relevant to stock selection and portfolio management under guidance of a senior associate. Jobs involves the following:

1. Perform quantitative / statistical research on financial data to develop new, and improve current stock selection models in collaboration with existing research team.

2. Conduct research and analysis on other investment management research topics, such as attribution and portfolio construction.

3. Keep abreast of industry and academic research and implement new research ideas.

4. Consult for fundamental Portfolio Managers and Analysts in using quantitative stock selection models.

Qualifications

Required
BA/BS in Mathematics, Finance, or closely related field with other related strong credentials/strong academic background and work experience.
Technical or statistical programming skills with a demonstrated ability to apply those skills to modeling problems.
Excellent communications and inter-personal skills with the ability to excel in a dynamic and interactive team environment.
Ability to work independently as well as a part of a team.
Preferred
A graduate degree such as Ph.D., MBA / MS in Finance or Accounting or an MBA with a Quantitative Finance specialization is strongly preferred.
Completion of or progress towards CFA or comparable designation. Commitment to obtain a CFA charter.
Prior experience in the financial services industry, preferably in quantitative research.
Programming experience in R and SQL
Experience conducting empirical research and working with large data sets
T. Rowe Price is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity of thought, gender, and race. We believe our continued success depends upon the equal treatment of all associates and applicants for employment without discrimination on the basis of race, religion, creed, colour, national origin, sex, gender, age, mental or physical disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, citizenship status, military or veteran status, pregnancy, or any other classification protected by country, federal, state, or local law.",3.7,"T. Rowe Price
3.7","Baltimore, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1937,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
451,Business Analytics Manager,"$87k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Analytics Manager
Milwaukee Branch
12355 Uline Way, Kenosha, WI 53144

Customer Service is the heartbeat of our company. We depend on our Call Center employees to serve our customers and fulfill our promise of reliability.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Manage the Customer Service analytics team, listening to recommendations and taking measures to maximize team effectiveness.
Provide leadership, training and coaching.
Evaluate business processes, developing and implementing solutions for improvements.
Create performance and success reports.
Build and maintain relationships with branch leadership to drive performance.
Act as a liaison between business and IT groups.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor’s degree.
5+ years experience in business analysis.
Experience leading and developing top-performing teams.
Experience in call center, warehouse, or supply chain environment.
Knowledge of data design, ETL process, data warehousing and SQL.

Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.

Employee Perks
On-site café and outdoor patio.
First-class fitness center.
Beautifully maintained walking trails.
Free chair massages.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Opportunities for community involvement.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Pleasant Prairie, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
452,Principal Data Scientist,"$113k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Principal Data Scientist, Oncology
The Machine Learning and AI team in AstraZenecas Oncology Data Science group is where we develop and apply sophisticated algorithms and techniques to solve the hardest problems in oncology drug discovery and development. The team uses their scientific, quantitative, and problem-solving skills to work on a broad range of challenges across the whole oncology portfolio, working collaboratively with other scientists across a range of disciplines to scope, define, and deliver projects that both advance the state of the art in data science and accelerate the delivery of innovative medicines to patients.

NOTE: This position can be filled in either GAITHERSBURG MARYLAND OR WALTHAM, MASSACHUSETTS

As a Principal Data Scientist, you will play a key role on the front line in this rapidly growing team working to extract insight from complex biomedical data. You will develop your leadership skills and apply and develop your expertise in rigorous quantitative data science to provide solutions to a variety of data science problems, researching, recommending and delivering novel methodologies to solve the problems that matter to the oncology pipeline.

Examples of projects the team works on include developing machine learning models for digital biomarkers, patient risk stratification for clinical trials, new algorithms for survival analysis, approaches to quantitatively analyse wearable data, linking of medical imaging data with omics and longitudinal outcomes to identify and/or validate new drug targets, and much more!

Day-to-Day:
Developing novel data science and machine learning solutions where off-the-shelf methodologies do not fit.
Leading small (2-3 person) data science projects of defined scope.
Coaching/mentoring junior data scientists and others to drive the development of data science as an AZ capability.
What You'll Need:

Essential:
MSc degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Extensive hands-on experience applying data science tools in practice.
Practical software development skills in standard data science tools (such as R or python)
Extensive knowledge of mathematical modelling and statistical modelling techniques and drive to continue to learn and develop these skills
Outstanding communication, business analysis and consultancy
Desirable:
PhD degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering).
Experience within the pharmaceutical industry.
In-depth experience of working in a global organization with complex/geographical context",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
453,Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist,-1,"Position: *Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist
Position Summary: *LiveBx seeks to fill a position for a full-time Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist, to join its diverse and talented design group. This individual will contribute to the development of novel label-free imaging technologies, working side-by-side proven scientific leaders that continue to push the boundaries of innovation in this rapidly expanding field. The candidate will have a key role in the design of robust femtosecond lasers, operate the corresponding optical imaging technologies and systems, and perform/manage translational imaging studies involving cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, and human tissue specimens. This position will work closely with research personnel at the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign Biophotonics Imaging Laboratory, LiveBx company founders, as well as closely interface with market leading customers, industry partners, and R&D collaborators.
Compensation: *Base salary $60,000 - $80,000 annually with benefits; Additional incentive compensation available for meeting project and company milestones, including an equity profits interest for advanced candidates.
Duties and Responsibilities*:

• Innovate and develop robust fiber-based femtosecond lasers for nonlinear optical imaging applications.

• Innovate and develop novel nonlinear optical imaging systems, including both hardware and software, for applications in biological discovery and translational biomedical imaging.

• Develop and design fiber-optic-based beam delivery systems for multimodal nonlinear imaging.

• Evaluate and modify current system software and algorithms, hardware control and data acquisition software, user interfaces, and software for data storage and communication.

• Perform qualitative and quantitative imaging using various optical imaging systems on cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, and/or human tissue specimens using established procedures and independent judgment to determine probable causes for low- and high- quality images.

• Perform established quality assurance procedures (quality control testing, instrument function checks and calibrations), maintain appropriate documentation, and report irregularities per company policy.

• Assess accuracy and validity of obtained test results by applying knowledge of relevant scientific principles, recognize changes that are critical to research studies, and identify probable causes for irregular and atypical findings.

• Maintain records of tests, examinations, and final results for all record functions and inquiries related to imaging human tissue specimens.

• Continue to develop professionally (e.g., member of professional society, attend conferences, and keep up on latest advances in the field).

Education and Experience*:

• B.S/M.S. (Ph.D. preferred) degree in optical engineering or the physical sciences.
• 3+ years of research experience in ultrafast optics and/or nonlinear optical imaging.
Key Competencies*
• Understanding of optical systems design principles.
• Must be a results-driven self-starter with the ability to work independently as well as collaborate with team members on projects and initiatives.
• Proven ability to design, assemble, and validate complex optical systems through hands- on laboratory experimentation and development.
• Aptitude in decision-making and problem-solving.
• Strong analytical and data-driven mindset that translates into innovation and robust designs.
• Flexibility and adaptability in priorities, tasks, and schedule.
• Highly organized and detail oriented.
• The ability to multi-task, prioritize, plan, and use time efficiently to stay on point, work with a sense of urgency, and meet deadlines is crucial.
• Ability to use discretion and maintain a high level of confidentiality.
• Effectively and professionally convey information, internally and externally, through verbal and written communication skills.
Preferred Qualifications*
• 7+ years of research experience in ultrafast optics and/or nonlinear optical imaging.
• 3+ years of industry experience in designing robust and manufacturable lasers.
• Direct technical expertise in ultra-fast lasers, non-linear optics, and laser source engineering.
• Skilled in the use of optical design, system control, and analysis tools such as Zemax and Matlab.
• Training or experience in crafting grant proposals, responding to FOAs from federal agencies (NIH, NSF, DoD, AFOSR, etc.).
• Knowledge of industry safety standards including CDRH, CE, UL, and laboratory safety compliance.
• Demonstrated leadership in optical engineering.
• Imaging of biological specimens utilizing microscopy-based imaging systems.
• Experience working with cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, animal models, and/or human tissue specimens.
• Enjoy working on and with diverse interdisciplinary teams.

This is a full-time, benefits-eligible position. Compensation is commensurate with skills and experience.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.livebiopsy.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,LiveBx,"Champaign, IL",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
454,Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist,-1,"Position: *Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist
Position Summary: *LiveBx seeks to fill a position for a full-time Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist, to join its diverse and talented design group. This individual will contribute to the development of novel label-free imaging technologies, working side-by-side proven scientific leaders that continue to push the boundaries of innovation in this rapidly expanding field. The candidate will have a key role in the design of robust femtosecond lasers, operate the corresponding optical imaging technologies and systems, and perform/manage translational imaging studies involving cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, and human tissue specimens. This position will work closely with research personnel at the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign Biophotonics Imaging Laboratory, LiveBx company founders, as well as closely interface with market leading customers, industry partners, and R&D collaborators.
Compensation: *Base salary $60,000 - $80,000 annually with benefits; Additional incentive compensation available for meeting project and company milestones, including an equity profits interest for advanced candidates.
Duties and Responsibilities*:

• Innovate and develop robust fiber-based femtosecond lasers for nonlinear optical imaging applications.

• Innovate and develop novel nonlinear optical imaging systems, including both hardware and software, for applications in biological discovery and translational biomedical imaging.

• Develop and design fiber-optic-based beam delivery systems for multimodal nonlinear imaging.

• Evaluate and modify current system software and algorithms, hardware control and data acquisition software, user interfaces, and software for data storage and communication.

• Perform qualitative and quantitative imaging using various optical imaging systems on cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, and/or human tissue specimens using established procedures and independent judgment to determine probable causes for low- and high- quality images.

• Perform established quality assurance procedures (quality control testing, instrument function checks and calibrations), maintain appropriate documentation, and report irregularities per company policy.

• Assess accuracy and validity of obtained test results by applying knowledge of relevant scientific principles, recognize changes that are critical to research studies, and identify probable causes for irregular and atypical findings.

• Maintain records of tests, examinations, and final results for all record functions and inquiries related to imaging human tissue specimens.

• Continue to develop professionally (e.g., member of professional society, attend conferences, and keep up on latest advances in the field).

Education and Experience*:

• B.S/M.S. (Ph.D. preferred) degree in optical engineering or the physical sciences.
• 3+ years of research experience in ultrafast optics and/or nonlinear optical imaging.
Key Competencies*
• Understanding of optical systems design principles.
• Must be a results-driven self-starter with the ability to work independently as well as collaborate with team members on projects and initiatives.
• Proven ability to design, assemble, and validate complex optical systems through hands- on laboratory experimentation and development.
• Aptitude in decision-making and problem-solving.
• Strong analytical and data-driven mindset that translates into innovation and robust designs.
• Flexibility and adaptability in priorities, tasks, and schedule.
• Highly organized and detail oriented.
• The ability to multi-task, prioritize, plan, and use time efficiently to stay on point, work with a sense of urgency, and meet deadlines is crucial.
• Ability to use discretion and maintain a high level of confidentiality.
• Effectively and professionally convey information, internally and externally, through verbal and written communication skills.
Preferred Qualifications*
• 7+ years of research experience in ultrafast optics and/or nonlinear optical imaging.
• 3+ years of industry experience in designing robust and manufacturable lasers.
• Direct technical expertise in ultra-fast lasers, non-linear optics, and laser source engineering.
• Skilled in the use of optical design, system control, and analysis tools such as Zemax and Matlab.
• Training or experience in crafting grant proposals, responding to FOAs from federal agencies (NIH, NSF, DoD, AFOSR, etc.).
• Knowledge of industry safety standards including CDRH, CE, UL, and laboratory safety compliance.
• Demonstrated leadership in optical engineering.
• Imaging of biological specimens utilizing microscopy-based imaging systems.
• Experience working with cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, animal models, and/or human tissue specimens.
• Enjoy working on and with diverse interdisciplinary teams.

This is a full-time, benefits-eligible position. Compensation is commensurate with skills and experience.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.livebiopsy.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,LiveBx,"Champaign, IL",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
455,Technical Data Analyst,"$41k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","GENERAL DESCRIPTION / PRIMARY PURPOSE

The primary responsibilities of the Technical Data Analyst are to conduct full System Design Life Cycle (SDLC) analysis, requirements gathering, solution design activities, implementation and support of data solutions. He/she will perform detailed data analysis, business intelligence tasks including database level administration, report design and data analytics. The Technical Data Analyst will also monitor system performance, provide end user support and identify system and data/reporting improvements.

The Technical Data Analyst will be part of the OneDole ERP initiative working on different areas such as transitioning reports and analytics from our legacy ERP to Microsoft Dynamics, gathering new information requirements with the new systems, solving new needs using Microsoft application (Power BI, SQL Server Studio, Reporting Services, and others).

This position is required to learn and understand the Dole Fresh Fruit business and its business systems (Tranship, Mainsail, OneWorld, Salesforce, Quality System, etc.). This role will also be an extremely important asset for upcoming projects, such as MDM (Master Data Management) and Microsoft Dynamics ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning).
JOR RESPONSIBILITIES AND TASKS/DUTIES OF THE POSITION

Indicate the 6-10 most important responsibilities and, or tasks this position is accountable to accomplish.
Ability to translate business requirements into technical specifications that can be understood and communicated
Design and implement data extractions, data transformation and ETL tasks using SQL Server
Build data solutions with analytics tools such as Tableau and Microsoft Power BI
Use Microsoft BI reporting (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS) and databases (SQL, Oracle, MySql) to fulfill user information needs
Identify opportunities for developing new data sources, and provide technical leadership around making those data sources high quality and broadly available
Support existing data solutions
Be adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
Coordinate projects and resources related to databases, data integrity and reporting
Required Skills

JOB SPECIFIC COMPETENCIES (Knowledge, Skill And Experience Requirements)
5+ years’ experience in a data analysis
Experience with data interpretation and visualization and related platforms (e.g. Power BI, Tableau)
Proven ability to work in distributed systems
Proficiency with MS SQL Server required
Must be able to develop creative solutions to problems
High-level written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated understanding of organizational environment and projects alignment to corporate objectives
Ability to work effectively and efficiently towards goals in a complex, diverse environment with multiple and changing demands
Proven ability to find non-traditional means of accomplishing objectives
Strong problem solving and trouble shooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment.
Strong customer service skills
Demonstrates a ‘one team’ / ‘one company’ mindset
INTERNAL & EXTERNAL RELATIONS
VP
Directors
Managers
Sales personnel
Warehouse personnel
Quality personnel
Logistic personnel
Port personnel
Vendors
Consultants
Development companies
Outsourced services
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering required
EMPLOYEE MANAGEMENT
N/A
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
Sit at computer
Able to lift 20lbs
WORK HOUR REQUIREMENT
8:00AM - 5:00PM
Some projects may require on-call
TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS
Ability to travel up to 25% of the time, international and domestic travel
EEOC STATEMENT

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.

Required Experience

Job Location
Westlake Village, US-CA",3.9,"Dole Food Company, Inc.
3.9","Westlake Village, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1901,Company - Private,Food Production,Agriculture & Forestry,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
456,Product Data Analyst,"$55k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","OVERVIEW:

As the Company expands its product offerings, there are rapidly growing needs to use both external and internal data sources to ensure optimal financial and operational performance. The Product Data Analyst is a highly skilled and proficient in their discipline which adds value to the organization. The role will focus on internal data sources, ensuring we have access to the required data and are using effective reports to monitor and interpret this data.

TEAM OVERVIEW:

The Product Strategy Group works to ensure the Company offers competitive products that provide growth and profitability. The group performs a wide range of analytics and uses both internal and external data sources to achieve these ends. We interact and provide guidance primarily to Product, Marketing & Finance.

COMPANY PERKS:

Competitive pay, 401k with company match, Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Educational Reimbursement, Commuter benefits, Discount programs, Inventor patent bonuses

COMPANY OVERVIEW:

Stamps.com (NASDAQ: STMP) is the leading provider of postage online and shipping software solutions to customers including consumers, small businesses, e-commerce shippers, enterprises, and high volume shippers. Stamps.com offers solutions that help businesses run their shipping operations more smoothly and function more successfully under the brand names Stamps.com, Endicia®, ShipStation®, ShipEngine®, ShippingEasy®, ShipWorks®, GlobalPost and MetaPack™. Stamps.com’s family of brands provides seamless access to mailing and shipping services through integrations with more than 500 unique partner applications.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Primary Objectives:
Ensure Product, Operations and Product Strategy groups have timely access to reliable data to make critical, real-time business decisions
Develop a strong working relationship with the Company’s Business Intelligence group; serve as the primarily liaison between the above-mentioned groups and BI
Drive the data reporting strategy for these groups; develop reports to the specifications of these teams; and evaluate appropriate software tools to most efficiently meet team needs
Essential Position Duties:
Acquire, clean, and structure data from multiple sources; analyze data to discover and interpret trends, patterns, and relationships. Working across departments, help us ensure data quality and present data in a way that makes it easy to communicate among different groups.
Master large data sets with SQL and Tableau
Build dashboards and reports, presenting key insights and ensuring data driven actions to improve the business
Seek out improvements in current internal reporting and performance monitoring to drive more accuracy, better insights, and more streamlined processes
Perform other duties as assigned
Additional Job Duties:
Sit for prolonged periods of time
Utilize wrist and hands for a prolonged period of time
Walk short distances
Stand for short periods
Speaking and conversing with others
Lift up to 25 lbs without assistance up to chest height
QUALIFICATIONS:

Education and/or Experience:
Bachelor degree, preferably in a quantitative/analytical field.
Four or more (4+) years of relevant experience.
Skills and Knowledge:
Excellent analytical and fact-based problem solving skills, including ability to analyze large amounts of data and be able to make recommendations based on identification of trend and gaps along with creating forecasts based on historical data.
Excellent analytical and fact-based problem solving skills, with strong attention to detail.
Must be a self-starter and ready to work in an intense but fun environment with our existing team of marketing professionals.
Strong communication and relationship-building skills.
Self-motivated individual who is able to prioritize and multi-task.
Works well under pressure and able to meet tight deadlines.
Ability to conduct complex work under minimal supervision and with wide latitude for independent judgement.
Computer/Software/Application Proficiency:
Advanced Excel user, with strong SQL knowledge
Experience with visualization software such as Tableau required
Travel Requirements:
None anticipated
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information about the Stamps.com Privacy Policy for California residents linked here.

#LI-KD1",3.9,"Stamps.com
3.9","El Segundo, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
457,Analytical Scientist,-1,"Position Overview:

Catalent hires people with a passion to make a difference to the health of millions of people globally. Your expertise, coupled with Catalent’s advanced technologies and collaboration with thousands of innovative pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare companies, will help bring life-enhancing products to the people you know and love. Your talents , ideas and passion are essential to our mission; to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better, healthier lives. Interested in learning more about life at Catalent? Start here

Analytical Scientist

The Analytical Scientist is responsible for performing analytical method research and development for raw materials, in-process samples and drug products in the Quality Control Department. Analytical Scientists work on method transfer, method verification and method validation under appropriate guidance in support of clinical development and commercial manufacturing. The candidate will work closely with the product development and process transfer teams to provide analytical results and proper data interpretation for drug product development and process validation. When necessary, the Analytical Scientist will conduct routine analytical testing for raw materials, in-process samples, drug products and cleaning verification in support of commercial product manufacturing.

The Role

Demonstrate solid knowledge in both the theoretical and practical aspects of analytical chemistry, especially quantitative analysis.
Develop and maintain working knowledge of commonly used spectroscopic, chromatographic and wet chemistry procedures.
Work with various analytical methods including cleaning verification, assay and impurities, dissolution, residual solvents for raw materials, in-process samples or finished products testing.
Understand and conduct studies for method development/evaluation, validation, transfer and verification according to scientific justifications and current regulatory guidance (e.g., ICH, FDA, USP, EP, etc.).
Prepare and review technical documents, including validation/transfer/verification protocols and reports, analytical test procedures, technical reports, analytical investigations, etc. for review.
Understand drug product formulations, manufacturing process and work closely with product development and process transfer teams on testing of product development and process validation batches and providing proper data interpretation as necessary.
Provide training to QC analysts after methods are validated/transferred/verified.
When necessary, perform routine quality control testing for raw materials, in-process samples and finished product for commercial manufacturing operations.

The Candidate

Ph.D, or M.S. in Chemistry, Pharmaceutical Sciences or Life Sciences (Preferred in Analytical Chemistry).

Work Experience – 0 to 3 years of pharmaceutical industry experience, 3-5 years of analytical testing/research experience using HPLC/GC/UV, etc.

B.S. in Chemistry, Pharmaceutical Sciences or Life Sciences (Preferred in Chemistry)

Work Experience – At least 5 years pharmaceutical industry or 8 years of analytical testing/research experience using HPLC/GC/UV, etc.

Position Benefits

Works cross-functionally and receives exposure to several departments
Medical, Dental, Vision and 401K are all offered from day one of employment
19 days of paid time off annually + 7 paid holidays

Leadership Competencies for Performance and Development

Leads with Integrity and Respect
Delivers Results
Demonstrates Business Acumen
Fosters Collaboration and Teamwork
Champions Change
Engages and Inspires
Coaches and Develops

Catalent offers rewarding opportunities to further your career! Join the global drug development and delivery leader and help us bring over 7,000 life-saving and life-enhancing products to patients around the world. Catalent is an exciting and growing international company where employees work directly with pharma, biopharma and consumer health companies of all sizes to advance new medicines from early development to clinical trials and to the market. Catalent produces more than 70 billion doses per year, and each one will be used by someone who is counting on us. Join us in making a difference.

Catalent is committed to the health and safety of its employees, visitors and the customers and patients we serve. As a result of the global pandemic, we have modified many of our recruitment and on-boarding processes to maintain everyone’s safety. The Human Resources teams will communicate all necessary safety processes and procedures throughout each stage.

personal initiative. dynamic pace. meaningful work.
Visit www.catalent.com/careers to explore career opportunities.

C atalent is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process due to a disability, you may submit your request by sending an email, and confirming your request for an accommodation and include the job number, title and location to DisabilityAccommodations@catalent.com . This option is reserved for individuals who require accommodation due to a disability. Information received will be processed by a U.S. Catalent employee and then routed to a local recruiter who will provide assistance to ensure appropriate consideration in the application or hiring process.

Notice to Agency and Search Firm Representatives: Catalent Pharma Solutions (Catalent) is not accepting unsolicited resumes from agencies and/or search firms for this job posting. Resumes submitted to any Catalent employee by a third party agency and/or search firm without a valid written & signed search agreement, will become the sole property of Catalent. No fee will be paid if a candidate is hired for this position as a result of an unsolicited agency or search firm referral. Thank you.",3.3,"Catalent Pharma Solutions
3.3","Winchester, KY",-1,10000+ Employees,2007,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
458,Senior Machine Learning Engineer,"$145k-$236k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Title: Senior Machine Learning Engineer

Data Science is pretty much our business - we drive conversions. Given our massive scale, relatively modest improvements can have an outsized impact.

Responsibilities:
Experiment and improve machine learning models for the recommendation/ad optimization system.
Inform bidding strategy and data engineering architecture.
Understand various ad-optimization algorithms (CTR prediction, eCPM optimization, user targeting and segmentation, RTB optimization, Exploration/Exploitation Algos)
Competencies:
Solid object-oriented programming skill (Scala or Java) and at least one scripting language such as Python/R.
Packages: scikit-learn, TensorFlow.
Scaling GPU clusters to train deep neural networks.
Experimental Design and statistical inference.
Deep expertise in recommendation systems, classification models, class imbalance, and model calibration.
Experience with BigQuery or PySpark or another modern method to access data.
Experience with deploying and monitoring real-time model endpoint in AWS SageMaker is a plus.
Requirements:
B.S./M.S., in Computer Science or similar applied technical field.
Hands-on Machine Learning related industry projects.
Ability to work in a fast paced, test-driven collaborative and iterative programming environment.
Understand major supervised learning and unsupervised learning algorithms (Artificial/Deep Neural Networks, Boosting algorithms, Random Forest, SVM, Naive Bayes, PCA, K-means variants, etc).
Understand major recommendation systems approaches and corresponding algorithms.
Understand statistical hypothesis testing (ex. A/B testing)
Strong understanding of Algorithms, Data Structures and Machine Learning / Data Mining
Understanding of RDBMS, SQL and NoSQL alternatives
Tapjoy is a leading mobile advertising and app monetization company. Our platform empowers advertisers to connect with over 975 million monthly active users through value exchange advertising that drives awareness, engagement and the metrics that matter most to their overall growth. Meanwhile, companies such as Scopely, Crowdstar, Topps and many of the Top 200 grossing app publishers trust our platform to monetize their content, grow their audiences and reward their users. Founded in 2007 and headquartered in San Francisco, Tapjoy is a global organization with more than a dozen offices worldwide.

Tapjoy is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity and inclusion lead to stronger, more innovative teams and better business results; we want to draw from the broadest talent pool possible and encourage qualified applicants. Tapjoy does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, ethnicity, color, age, sexual orientation, gender (including identity and expression), disability (mental or physical), religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification protected by applicable law; we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, and pursuant to applicable fair chance ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

For more information, please visit www.tapjoy.com.

]]>",3.6,"Tapjoy
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
459,Data Engineer,"$96k-$172k
(Glassdoor Est.)","WorldQuant develops and deploys systematic financial strategies across a variety of asset classes and global markets. We seek to produce high-quality trading signals (Alphas) through our proprietary research platform to employ trading strategies focused on exploiting market inefficiencies. Our teams work collaboratively to drive the production of Alphas and financial strategies the foundation of a sustainable, global trading platform.

Technologists at WorldQuant research, design, code, test and deploy projects while working collaboratively with researchers and portfolio managers. Our environment is relaxed yet intellectually intense. Our teams are lean and agile, which means rapid prototyping of products with immediate user feedback. We seek people who think in code, aspire to solve undiscovered computer science challenges and are motivated by being around like-minded people. In fact, of the 600 employees globally, approximately 500 of them code on a daily basis.

WorldQuants success is built on a culture that pairs academic sensibility with accountability for results. Employees are encouraged to think openly about problems, balancing intellectualism and practicality. Great ideas come from anyone, anywhere. Employees are encouraged to challenge conventional thinking and possess a mindset of continuous improvement. Thats a key ingredient in remaining a leader in any industry. Our goal is to hire the best and the brightest engineers. We value intellectual horsepower first and foremost, and people who demonstrate an exceptional talent. There is no roadmap to future success, so we need people who can help us create it. Our collective intelligence will drive us there.

The Role:

Design and implement software to facilitate data integration with trading and simulating systems
Adopt new technologies to improve existing frameworks of data flow and monitoring
Implement and maintain software that interface with external vendors to bring in new data sets
Implement the rules and procedures that ensure integrity in data sets
Provide second level support to production support team regarding market data issues
Collect and analyze statistics on market data applications and devise approaches to improve the relevant processes
Design and implement systems that track and manage data availability, access and usage
What Youll Bring:

Degree in a quantitative or technical discipline from a top university and strong academic scores
Interest in applying technology to real situations, comfortable working in a fast-paced environment, detail-oriented and capable of performing tasks under pressure
Demonstrated experience with C++ or other object oriented languages
Experience with scripting languages such as Perl, Python, and shell scripting; Interface with database (such as MySQL)
Possess strong trouble shooting and problem solving skills
Ability to work independently and as member of a team
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Have experience working under a Linux environment, familiar with Vim or Emacs for editing files under the command line
Copyright © 2020 WorldQuant, LLC. All Rights Reserved. WorldQuant is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation or preference, age, marital status, citizenship, national origin, disability, military status, genetic predisposition or carrier status, or any other protected characteristic as established by applicable law.",4.1,"WorldQuant
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
460,Chief Scientist,-1,"The Chief Scientist is fundamentally responsible to help establish and sustain NRECA and the cooperative community as leaders in the scientific aspects of the advancing electrical grid and enhance our standing in the scientific and engineering communities both in the private sector and in government. The Chief Scientist must participate in meetings on behalf of NRECA and the co-ops in government, industry, and professional forums and participate through authored papers and presentation. The Chief Scientist must organize the pursuit of underwritten research, and lead or support bidding efforts where appropriate. The Chief Scientist must recruit high level scientific talent and build partnerships with leading researchers in industry and research institution. The Chief Scientist may serve as the Principal Investigator on multiple projects and provide a technical role on others. Within NRECA, the Chief Scientist is responsible for the management and administration of staff involved in underwritten research.

Purpose and Mission

• Assists with leading and managing technologically-complex research projects, which provides bottom-line and operational effectiveness impact to cooperatives in such areas as distribution, transmission, generation, renewable and distributed energy, energy efficiency and demand response, and smarter grid technologies.
• Supports building and advancing strong, winning relationships with federal agencies, large industry, and the network of national laboratories. Forecast and inspire/incubate funding opportunities and support for NRECA projects; and generates innovative partnerships with federal agencies in order to secure funding.
• Identifies compelling, unique project ideas with high-win potential funding requests. Supports building strong project teams including subject matter experts; rallies large teams for proposals; and oversees, produces technical portions, and structures components of large, multi-million dollar funding requests.
• Conducts primary research and products while analyzing and communicating technical barriers, enlisting member and partner endorsements, and delivers results at high-level briefings to national laboratories and federal government agency executives, senior advisors, and project managers with funding authority.
• Serves as one of the technical resources for the BTS division and leads the development of intellectual property to expand NRECA’s technical capabilities and demonstrate national technical leadership.
• Attracts and recruits stakeholders and builds necessary coalitions to raise external matching funds and negotiates financial obligations for participation in joint research opportunities.
• Monitors Department of Energy (DOE), other federal, state, and non-governmental research organizations’ current engagements to maintain an understanding of their research portfolios, and forecasts and develops new NRECA research opportunities, which align with future external programs.
• Shapes opportunities for NRECA to participate in technical briefings and presentations to federal agencies, large industry, national laboratories, academia, and research institutions.
• Supports the development and maintenance of a comprehensive vision of the future of the grid.
• Seven direct reports

Chief Scientist
Location: Arlington

Category: Business Technology Strategy – Electricity

Department: Business Technology Strategies

Job Description

The National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (NRECA), with offices in Arlington, VA and Lincoln, NE is the trade association for over 900 consumer-owned electric cooperatives serving more than 42 million people. NRECA is committed to harnessing the strength of America’s electric cooperatives into a single powerful voice. NRECA has won the following awards over the past few years:

• Top Workplace by the Washington Post
• 100 Best Places to Work - ComputerWorld Magazine
• 50 Best Places to Work - The Washingtonian
• CARE Award Recipient - Recognizing organizations that promote a positive work-life balance
• Best Place to Work Award Recipient - Lincoln, NE
• Gold Well Workplace - Wellness Councils of America
• State of NE Governor's Wellness Award - Grower Level

At NRECA, we work with people who are leaders in their fields. They are down-to-earth, hardworking professionals committed to helping our members serve their communities. Our work is interesting, constantly evolving, and requires new skills to meet the evolving needs of a dynamic industry. In this collegial, inclusive work environment, united around the compelling purpose and history of electric cooperatives, we thrive. And topping it off, NRECA cares about each person’s overall well-being, encouraging health, financial security, and a sustainable work/life balance. EEO/AA- M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran Status/Genetic Data

Summary
Chief Scientist M.4

The Chief Scientist is fundamentally responsible to help establish and sustain NRECA and the cooperative community as leaders in the scientific aspects of the advancing electrical grid and enhance our standing in the scientific and engineering communities both in the private sector and in government. The Chief Scientist must participate in meetings on behalf of NRECA and the co-ops in government, industry, and professional forums and participate through authored papers and presentation. The Chief Scientist must organize the pursuit of underwritten research, and lead or support bidding efforts where appropriate. The Chief Scientist must recruit high level scientific talent and build partnerships with leading researchers in industry and research institution. The Chief Scientist may serve as the Principal Investigator on multiple projects and provide a technical role on others. Within NRECA, the Chief Scientist is responsible for the management and administration of staff involved in underwritten research.

Purpose and Mission

• Assists with leading and managing technologically-complex research projects, which provides bottom-line and operational effectiveness impact to cooperatives in such areas as distribution, transmission, generation, renewable and distributed energy, energy efficiency and demand response, and smarter grid technologies.
• Supports building and advancing strong, winning relationships with federal agencies, large industry, and the network of national laboratories. Forecast and inspire/incubate funding opportunities and support for NRECA projects; and generates innovative partnerships with federal agencies in order to secure funding.
• Identifies compelling, unique project ideas with high-win potential funding requests. Supports building strong project teams including subject matter experts; rallies large teams for proposals; and oversees, produces technical portions, and structures components of large, multi-million dollar funding requests.
• Conducts primary research and products while analyzing and communicating technical barriers, enlisting member and partner endorsements, and delivers results at high-level briefings to national laboratories and federal government agency executives, senior advisors, and project managers with funding authority.
• Serves as one of the technical resources for the BTS division and leads the development of intellectual property to expand NRECA’s technical capabilities and demonstrate national technical leadership.
• Attracts and recruits stakeholders and builds necessary coalitions to raise external matching funds and negotiates financial obligations for participation in joint research opportunities.
• Monitors Department of Energy (DOE), other federal, state, and non-governmental research organizations’ current engagements to maintain an understanding of their research portfolios, and forecasts and develops new NRECA research opportunities, which align with future external programs.
• Shapes opportunities for NRECA to participate in technical briefings and presentations to federal agencies, large industry, national laboratories, academia, and research institutions.
• Supports the development and maintenance of a comprehensive vision of the future of the grid.
• Seven direct reports

Requirements and Qualifications

• Ph.D. in energy science, physics, mathematics or engineering or 15 years of research industry experience
• Fifteen years of energy industry experience required, including federal contracting experience, and an established, robust set of contacts within key federal and non-governmental firms who are traditional awardees of federal programs.
• Ability to manage competing deadlines and multiple projects at various stages of development using effective organization skills and attention to detail.
• Ability to work with a wide variety of people to foster cooperation in sharing information and materials .
• Ability to lead people and foster collaborative skills and consensus building while operating in a fast-moving environment.
• Ability to build consortia and syndication of industry partners around research objectives.
• Ability to structure funding proposals with a successful win record.
• Ability to successfully function in the Federal contracting process.
• Ability to deliver academic-level technical research analysis, writings and patents.
• Ability to operate independently with a high level of visibility and to shift priorities in a rapidly changing environment.
• Ability to travel from up to 30%, fluctuating as needed to foster effective relationships.
• Ability to recruit, organize, lead, and manage technical teams in the execution of research work, contract work, and internally funded product.
• Ability to explain complex technical subjects clearly to non-specialists, in presentations and in writing.
• Ability to communicate, both verbally and in writing, with a diverse membership, employees and/or vendors in a clear and precise manner.
• Ability to use Microsoft Office tools (Excel, Word, Outlook, Power Point) in the day-to-day essential duties of the job.
• Ability to provide service excellence by building relationships, being resourceful, responsive and respectful.

ADA Requirements
• The worker is required to have close visual acuity to perform an activity such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal and extensive reading.
• Exerting up to 20 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to move objects. If the use of arm and/or leg controls requires exertion of forces greater than that for sedentary work and the worker sits most of the time, the job is rated for light work.
Disclaimer Statement: The preceding job description has been written to reflect management’s assignment of",3.5,"NRECA
3.5","Arlington, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1942,Nonprofit Organization,Membership Organizations,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
461,Marketing Analytics Data Scientist,"$94k-$154k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Tinder brings people together. With tens of millions of users and a presence in every country on earth, our reach is expansive and rapidly growing. Tinder’s Analytics Team is looking for a Data Scientist with expertise in Marketing.

The Marketing Analytics team takes ownership of the decisions being made from our data – we develop a deep understanding of both the business and its data and establish close working relationships with all teams - starting with Marketing but also including Product, Engineering, and Finance – so that we can provide recommendations and make proposals regarding prioritization of initiatives, product launches, A/B tests, and company performance.

As a Data Scientist in this role, you will be a partner to the Marketing team, you will be :
Interpreting data and analyzing results using statistical techniques,
Developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquiring data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases

Additionally, you’ll be providing support for A/B test design and analysis as well as data-driven insights through ad-hoc analyses, presentations, and automated reports and dashboards. This role will require experience with SQL, data wrangling, statistics, and A/B testing as well as the ability to work in cross-functional teams to drive actionable insights. Experience with user growth and acquisition across consumer products is a plus.
Key Roles and Responsibilities:
Find the “story” in the data and communicate insights and opportunities with executive and other internal teams
Master and own the analytical understanding of customer behavior and business performance
Analyze models to better understand the value and churn behavior of our users
Perform ongoing ad-hoc analyses to evaluate the efficiency of our marketing spend, building reporting infrastructure, and assisting in making budgeting recommendations to optimize growth
Integrate captured event data with other sources of customer data, such as surveys, ad publishers and app store data
Support reporting and business intelligence needs of the entire Marketing team.

Skills Required:

2+ years of relevant experience
Ability to think objectively and interpret meaningful themes from quantitative and qualitative data
Ability to build constructive and effective relationships with a broad and diverse group of business partners
Ability to execute on complex analytics projects where you have to determine salient questions in a complex ecosystem and present action-oriented conclusions
Proficiency with SQL requiredScripting skills, preferably in Python.
Strong Python/NumPy/PANDAS skills a plusKnowledge of statistics, specifically experimental design and analysis
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPointFamiliarity with common marketing KPIs, metrics, and growth experiments
As part of our team, you’ll enjoy:

· The hustle of a startup with the impact of a global business
· Tremendous opportunity to seek some of the industry’s most exciting problems
· Working with an outstanding team of creative, fun and highly motivated people
· Comprehensive health coverage, competitive salary, and 401(k) match

At Tinder, we don’t just accept difference — we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our community. Tinder is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.9,"Tinder
3.9","Los Angeles, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
462,Energetics Engineer (Research Scientist),"$62k-$119k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Battelles founding mission to translate scientific discovery and technology advances into societal benefit is as relevant today as when we opened our doors over 90 years ago. Our science and technology enhance society's well-being and create critical innovations that drive scientific advances for the future. We conduct groundbreaking research and development, design and manufacture leading-edge products, and deliver critical services for commercial and government customers. Our work meets the needs of the nation when it matters most, and Battelle is committed to driving innovation today and for generations to come.
JOB SUMMARY
Battelle’s National Security Business Unit is currently seeking candidates for a full time, permanent position as an Energetics Engineer (Research Scientist) to provide support to government and commercial programs focused on the development, testing, evaluation, and implementation of materials, devices, and techniques designed to detect, provide protection against, and mitigate the effects of explosives.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
Execution, data analysis, documentation, and client communication assistance on various projects involving munitions/explosives/small arms testing and evaluation.
Assistance in the resolution/troubleshooting of technical difficulties and safety hazards involving munitions/explosives/small arms testing and evaluation.
Assist in the design and planning of projects, potentially including technical leadership of small teams of multidisciplinary scientists and technical support staff in the performance of selected tasks/projects within time and budget constraints.
Drafting of documentation of laboratory findings and results, including progress reports, final reports, and presentations.
Assistance with posters, articles, and presentations for technical conferences.
Assist with business development efforts, including cost estimation and preparation of white papers and proposals.
Oversee, mentor and train lower-level staff.
Domestic travel of approximately 10% of the time, with some travel events lasting 1-2 weeks.
THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED
Bachelor’s degree in chemistry, chemical engineering, mechanical engineering, or a related discipline.
Approximately 5 years of experience with munitions/explosives research, development, and/or test and evaluation
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Sole US citizenship, with the ability to obtain and maintain required government security clearances as a condition of employment.
Sufficient medical fitness to work in the laboratory and in the field to perform assigned duties, including working in test chambers, test ranges, munitions bunkers, and field environments.
The ability to work in a team environment.
THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED
Experience with modeling and simulation of explosive/energetic events
Safe handling practices for munitions and ordnance
Small arms handling, modification, armoring, gunsmithing
Experience with instrumentation for characterizing properties of energetic materials (e.g., DSC/TGA, bomb calorimetry, etc.)
Experience with flash X-ray and high-rate data capture (video, audio, pressure, electrical)
Experience with leading DOD contracted efforts including DFARS, IDIQ, and OTA contracted research
Explosives formulation, synthesis, handling, and passivation, including military, commercial, and improvised explosives
Experience with aerosol generation/measurement, sampling, characterization, air pollution analysis, and/or spray systems.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelles competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers",3.3,"Battelle
3.3","West Jefferson, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1929,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
463,Data Analytics Engineer,-1,"Our Data Analytics Engineer will engineer elegant and performant analytic code, predominantly in Scala (and Spark), Python and/or R. You will join a growing multi-disciplinary team of Data Scientists, Engineers, and Solutions Experts with deep domain knowledge working to develop new capabilities and workflows to solve real- world client problems.

Your work will include notebook-style ad hoc analytic development (similar to tools such as Beaker, Julia, Zeppelin) within the QOMPLX:OS SaaS platform as well as true server-side analytic development. Projects may include near real-time and batch-oriented data processing for analytics and simulation modeling. As an internal user of the QOMPLX platform, your experience will inform the development of the QOMPLX product suite to improve capability, usability and performance.

Our ideal candidate will have a strong work ethic, fantastic attitude and be comfortable tackling any challenge set before him or her. We provide significant flexibility and autonomy to team members, have high expectations and expect everyone to contribute meaningfully to our broader collective goals.

Responsibilities
Engineer data pipelines that handle collection, parsing, cleansing and enrichment of terabytes/petabytes of data to meet the clients analytics needs
Developing state-of-the-art analytics ranging from ad hoc analysis to production-grade pipelines and workflows
Providing mathematical algorithms and implementations to serve the needs of data analysis workflows in QOMPLXs modular SaaS platform
Build model management frameworks for data analytics that include both statistical and machine learning models
Understanding customer business challenges and sourcing the most appropriate data sets, algorithms, and architectures (using QOMPLX OS) to solve them quickly and cost-effectively
Own the end to end model development lifecycle and establish and adhere to best practices
Working collaboratively to ensure consistent and performant approaches for analytical code that is integrated with our commercial offerings
Interacting directly with Product, Business Analysts and Customer Success teams to support live customer deployments
Qualifications
Reside in the greater Washington D.C. area or able to relocate
Bachelor's Degree or 8 years of relevant work experience
2+ years of data analytics experience that includes data engineering & analytics
Proven expertise in Machine learning algorithms, libraries & technologies including Neural Networks
Expert knowledge of Scala and/or Python
Expert knowledge of SQL and NoSQL technologies
Experience with agile development within commercial projects or elite non-commercial research
Adept at learning and applying new technologies and solving new problems
Hands on expertise in data analytic technologies such as Apache Spark, Apache Flink, MLOps Pipelines and notebooks like Polynote/Jupyter
Experience blending analytic and simulation modeling approaches to problem solving
Effective organizational skills with strong attention to detail
Strong communication skills - both written and verbal
Desirable
Experience with graph databases and cyber security
Advanced mathematical modeling skills
About QOMPLX

QOMPLX applies artificial intelligence to solve complex, real-world problems at scale. Our Human+AI operating system, QOMPLX:OS, blends capabilities ranging from data handling, analytics, and reporting to advanced algorithms, simulations, and machine learning, enabling decisions that are just-in-time, just-in-place, and just-in-context. If this type of environment sounds exciting reach out to us directly via application at https://www.QOMPLX .com/careers with a resume and cover letter.

QOMPLX offers a competitive salary, a full range of benefits, including 401(k) and medical, dental & vision coverage, flexible Personal Time Off (PTO) plan and 10+ paid holiday days per year",3.4,"QOMPLX
3.4","Tysons Corner, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
464,Marketing Operations & Analytics Manager,"$29k-$58k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Marketing Operations & Analytics Manager

Are you a marketing professional that is data driven and a team player? At PayJunction, the Marketing Operations & Analytics Manager will be focused on configuring and maintaining tools in the marketing stack, and analyzing information across multiple systems to coordinate data driven decisions with the team. You will be responsible for overall marketing operations effectiveness by collaborating with team members in the marketing and sales teams. Additionally, you will be responsible for maximizing our investments in the tools that marketing utilizes. You will be reporting to the Marketing Department Manager and partnering with team members across the Revenue Operations and Sales departments to drive opportunity creation and capture market share by leveraging your expertise in marketing data and analytics.
The Marketing Operations & Analytics Manager possesses technical expertise as well as a strong business acumen who’s passionate about cultivating a culture of data-driven decisions. You will be the strategic advisor to the team by delivering weekly insights, explaining the “Why’s” behind the numbers, and making recommendations.
All PayJunction employees are currently working remotely while our Santa Barbara and Minneapolis offices are closed due to Covid-19. We will consider ongoing/ full time remote for candidates residing in the following states: CA, IL, TX, MN, CO.

Job Responsibilities
Master configuration and implementation of all tools in our Marketing Stack
Be the marketing automation software admin; own builds of workflows, scheduled emails, content and more
Extract key data from all systems to model funnels and attribution
Measure and report on department campaigns, KPIs and funnels
Surface trends and key data for strategic decisions
Analyze content performance and sales team usage
Develop dashboards and reports to provide visibility into Marketing performance
Collaborate with Revenue Operations to maintain and optimize shared tools
Lead TAM analysis when assessing new verticals
Work with Revenue Ops to find new data sources and customer demographic data
Guide decision-makers by telling a story with the data

Marketing Stack
HubSpot
Outreach
Google Analytics
Moz
MailChimp
Survey Monkey
LinkedIn Campaign Manager
Facebook Business Manager
Bing/Microsoft Ads
Google Ads
Adroll
Coschedule

Shared Sales & Marketing Stack
Chorus
Salesforce
ClearSlide
LinkedIn Sales Navigator
Jira
Zoominfo

Skills & Requirements
Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative/technology field or working experience with similar rigor
3+ Years of experience in reporting and tracking Marketing and Sales performance at B2B Enterprise Software firms
Expert in Excel or Google Sheets
Able to communicate effectively across a broad range of audiences from business users and data gurus to Executives
Inquisitive and process-oriented with a passion for leveraging data to optimize campaign performance for opportunity creation
Highly organized and capable of project planning
Experience or certifications with key software in our Marketing Stack

About PayJunction
Founded in 2000 by three UCSB graduates, PayJunction has grown from a bootstrapped startup to a recognized and respected leader in the payments industry. PayJunction processes more than $5 billion dollars annually for tens of thousands of small and medium businesses with solutions that make it easy to accept credit and debit card payments in-store, online and on-the-go.
Our focus on computer science as an art—combined with our ethical, customer-centric attitude—drives us to develop disruptive technology that lowers costs, simplifies accounting and boosts productivity for small and medium sized businesses. Our cloud-powered payment solution easily and securely integrates with industry-leading business software and management platforms. We take pride in delivering innovative features such as eco-friendly digital signatures and receipts that eliminate the hassles and costs of paper by storing all transactions in the cloud.
Our people-first culture values long-term relationships over short-term profits. Honesty and integrity are part of every interaction with partners, customers and employees. We foster a collaborative work environment, where creative ideas are welcomed, teams are inspired, and success is celebrated. PayJunction is a place where you can find experienced mentors and supportive friends who are committed to your growth.

Benefits
Health, dental and vision paid 100%
401k with 6% match
FSA and Dependent Care FSA
Long-term disability
9 paid company holidays
1 paid volunteer day per year
Generous paid sick and vacation time
Competitive compensation
Opportunity to be part of a company that is changing a whole industry
Opportunity for growth within the company
Environment

Office Environment
Bright and open offices in downtown Santa Barbara and Minneapolis
Catered Friday lunches and stocked kitchen
Free onsite fitness classes
Collaborative work spaces with Herman Miller chairs height-adjustable desk and multiple monitors
Dog-friendly office (Santa Barbara only)
Named a 2020 Glassdoor's Top 30 Best Places to Work in the US

Company Ethos
We value long-term relationships over short-term profit.
We are building something that will last longer than us.
We are passionate about our work and inspired by our team.
We create products that improve the lives of our customers.
We build green technology that costs less than our prospective clients pay now.
We are constantly innovating.

PayJunction is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a work environment where people from all backgrounds and identities thrive. We firmly believe that more diversity and inclusion in our workforce creates a stronger team, product and culture.
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. PayJunction reserves the right to conduct background and/or credit checks on all of its potential employees.",4.8,"PayJunction
4.8","Santa Barbara, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
465,Data Engineer-Journeyman,"$75k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The NAVAIR Digital Group leads the digital transformation of NAVAIR and works to accelerate and scale digital/analytic technologies and capabilities across the NAVAIR Enterprise as a means to increase speed in the delivery and sustainment of warfighting capability. The Digital Group delivers and executes command-wide strategies that align activities and provides the workforce with agile self-service infrastructure, data accessibility, visualization and analytic tools, and digital/IT services to rapidly research, create, deploy, integrate, and maintain, applications, enterprise solutions, and other digital capabilities. NAVAIR’s digital transformation will require leveraging advanced digital tools to implement fundamentally different business models across all business, technology development, workforce, and mission operation domains. NAVAIR is committed to a digital culture that empowers the workforce to accelerate, innovate, collaborate, develop, and deliver capabilities to meet mission outcomes.

Selected candidate will:
Discovers opportunities for data acquisition and sensor integration; performs systems engineering for databases and data processing systems; develops data systems, architectures and models; leverages high-performance computing infrastructures into systems architecture; recommends best architectures, tools, and technologies to address organizational needs.
Interact with the government customer, military personal and other contractors as required
Qualifications:
Bachelors degree is required is related field and (3) three to (10) years of experience
Candidate is required to pass a background Investigation
Security+ certification is required.
Security Clearance Requirements: * An active DoD secret clearance is required or higher
Overview: Sabre Systems, Inc. is a quality driven, customer focused large business providing innovative solutions in the areas of Cyber, C4ISR, Business Intelligence and Data Analytics, and Enterprise Modernization to federal and civilian customers. Our mission is to ensure our customers have the technology, services, and expertise to overcome threats, maintain superiority, and quickly adapt to emerging obstacles. At Sabre, we're more than just a job - we're a team - and we care for and nurture our employees like family. If you want to be a part of creating and implementing enduring solutions that transform mission challenges into mission success – join Sabre!

Sabre provides an excellent benefits package, which includes healthcare, paid days off, tuition reimbursement, and a 401K plan.

We respect the unique perspectives that a diverse workforce of minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans brings not only to our company, but also to our customers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.

EOE: Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

#LI-PH1

Job Type: Full-time",4.8,"Sabre Systems
4.8","Patuxent River, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
466,QC Scientist III FM BSD,-1,"QC Scientist III FM BSD

The Swiss based Bachem Group is a public, innovation-driven company specializing in the development and manufacturing of pepTides and oligonucleoTides. As a full service provider Bachem offers products for clinical development and commercial applications as well as a comprehensive catalog and exclusive custom synthesis. With 50 years of experience and subsidiaries in Switzerland, the United States, the United Kingdom and Japan, Bachem is the partner of choice for the biotech and pharma industry worldwide.
Bachem. Leading Partner in Tides

In order to continue our organic growth, we are constantly looking for talent.

Your Responsibilities

The Quality Control Scientist III function is to perform laboratory day-today operations, guide and

i interact with QC and department personnel to accomplish goals and objectives as directed by the

Director of Quality Control. Other duties include performing in-process testing, GC method validation,

raw material testing, and final product testing, QC documentation and related GMP activities.

Your Tasks
Maintain and perform daily operations of the QC department on a daily basis in coordination with the QC Director to include testing of in-process, raw material/peptide samples and prioritizing projects
Implement and maintain GMP procedures such as following SOP’s, Standard Testing Procedures (STP’s), written procedure and maintaining proper documentation as necessary for Quality Control
Maintain a cGMP quality level of work for the QC operations to include training, documentation and procedural work
Test and release in-process, and raw materials used in the manufacturing facility for GMP. Performing analytical testing and reviewing data for completeness and accuracy. Support method validation activities for in-process samples.
Receive, test and release final product peptide manufactured at Bachem
Write/revise specifications as necessary, performing analytical testing and reviewing data for completeness and accuracy
Write standard operating procedures, standard test procedures and other related GMP documentation
Perform QC analysis to include: GC, HPLC, Water, Mass Spec, UV, melting point, Optical Rotation, TLC and misc. wet chemistry lab work and other related
analytical equipment used for control quality of the GMP facility. This work may include calibration and validation of these methods
Control raw material used in the manufacturing facility for GMP to include receiving, quarantine, testing and QC release
Investigate any deviation or out of specification as necessary related to QC work performed as instructed by supervisor
Execute validations as necessary to include QC Analytical methods performed, other validations to support the quality of the manufacturing facility
Follow safety guidelines for handling, disposal and use for a peptide manufacturing company using toxic and/or large volumes of chemicals
Support validation, and stability testing activities as needed, documentation and quality GMP procedures


Your Profile
BS Degree in Chemistry or related field
Minimum of 8 years’ experience in the GMP industry
Experience with the use of analytical techniques/ instruments, such as, Gas Chromatography (GC), High Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC), Karl Fischer (KF), etc.
May work with hazardous materials and chemicals
Ability to train others in analytical methodology
Ability to take the technical lead working with other scientists
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Basic computer knowledge, including Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Ability to effectively organize, multitask, and work in a fast-paced, deadline driven work environment
Ability to communicate in a proactive and solution-focused manner, including keeping management aware of potential issues
Detail oriented with the ability to troubleshoot and resolve problems
Ability to work independently and manage one’s time
Communicate effectively and ability to function well in a team environment
May involve second shift testing activities
Flexibility of working hours based on business needs, may include some nights and occasional weekends
Preferred:
Experience with Peptides
Master’s degree in Chemistry or related field
Experience with use of Master Control


We Offer

You will be part of a motivated team overseeing the entire development cycle of respective APIs. If you are

looking for a new challenge and want to join a motivated team in an internationally renowned company,

you should seize this opportunity.

Nearest Major Market: San Diego",3.0,"Bachem
3.0","Vista, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1971,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
467,Customer Insights Data Scientist,"$82k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Hi, We’re AppFolio.

We’re innovators, changemakers, and collaborators. We’re more than just a software company — we’re a cloud-based powerhouse that creates products to make our customers’ lives easier. We’re revolutionizing the way people do business, and we want your ideas, your enthusiasm, and your passion to help us keep on innovating.

We love where we work, and you can, too.

To find out more about what AppFolio has to offer, check out appfolioinc.com/careers.

Who We're Looking For:

The Customer Insights Data Scientist will bring together quantitative and qualitative data and be responsible for the ongoing analysis, reporting, and insight identification for vital Customer Experience programs and metrics such as but not limited to NPS and VOC. As part of the CX team to build a focused set of CX metrics used across the business as predictive measures that improve the customer experience and drive business outcomes.

Outcomes
Launch VOC text analytics capabilities by leveraging technology and machine learning.
Implement & create text analytics models and processes to synthesize and identify emerging customer insights informing product development.
Stitch together multiple customer data sources (CRM and product data) to perform comprehensive CX analysis to identify past, present, and potential customer patterns yielding actionable insights to drive business change.
Build CX metrics - data and dashboard
Bring together multiple customer data sources (CRM and product data) to perform comprehensive CX analysis to identify past, present and potential customer patterns yielding actionable insights to drive business change
Own monthly analysis and insights for NPS program leading to recommendations for actions across the business to drive an increase in NPS in targeted customer segments
Contribute to ongoing improvements to NPS reporting, dashboards, and engagement across the company.
Identify and champion impactful customer experience insights aligned to our key business priorities across customer segments, markets, and offerings.
Competencies
Strategic Thinking. Ability to execute against a clear framework for defining a predictive set of Customer Experience metrics that drive business outcomes. Experience with CX metrics industry trends, best practices, and technology capabilities is preferred.
Tireless Advocate for the Customer. Lead with the customer's voice in everything you do and instill the customer mindset across the organization.
Analytical Skills. Able to synthesize quantitative and qualitative data across separate customer listening posts to draw impactful insights that inform strategy and prioritization.
Agile & Experimentation Mindset. Unafraid to take innovative approaches to problems and bring other's creative ideas forward with an agile ""progress over perfection"" mindset.
Business Acumen. Ability to connect the dots and communicate how customer experience efforts and metrics can impact business priorities and commit to delivering specific business outcomes.
Communication. Storyteller with the ability to weave together data, insights, and voice of the customer to inspire an organization to action.
Influence and Partnership. Relationship builder with the ability to navigate across the organization to drive alignment and action effectively.
CX Industry Expertise. Develop expertise, knowledge, and connections of the CX industry, best practices, and experts to inform our work and how we operate.
Must-Haves
2+ years experience in the CX space understanding how customer data can be used to dig into problems and work cross-functionally to improve the customer experience.
Experience building and leading text analytics models with experience building using Clarabridge(preferably), Qualtrics, and or Medallia.
Solid understanding of industry-standard methodologies of customer insights, and desire to help evolve our VoC program
Strong ability to analyze quantitative and qualitative data, optimize data sets, tools, and analysis techniques to drive business outcomes.
Understanding of how to apply statistical methods to identify drivers of business results based on customer feedback and customer journey touch points.
Sharp emotional intelligence and skills in leading robust multi-functional relationships.
Effective communicator with written and oral presentations to inspire actions. Demonstrate validated presentation, demonstration, and technical writing skills.
Substantial experience with analytical software (Tableau, SQL, data warehouse, etc.) preferred.
Experience working in a fast-paced, data-driven B2B SaaS environment is preferred.
Bachelor's degree, Master's Degree preferred.
Our Story

AppFolio (NASDAQ: APPF) was founded in 2006 with the mission to revolutionize vertical industry businesses by providing great software and service. Our easy-to-use, cloud-based software helps our customers more effectively market, manage, and grow their businesses. Today our software solutions exist in two verticals including the real estate (AppFolio Property Manager, AppFolio Property Manager PLUS, and AppFolio Investment Manager) and legal (MyCase) industries.

To find out more about what AppFolio has to offer, check out appfolioinc.com/careers.",4.6,"AppFolio
4.6","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
468,Data Engineer II,"$72k-$133k
(Glassdoor Est.)","to start of metadata
Blue Nile is looking for a highly motivated, results-oriented Data Engineer to join our Data Engineering team. If you have strong technical skills, love to work in a fast-paced team and want to help businesses make better decisions through collection & organization of data, you'll have a great time working on this small team. You will focus on the development of the data warehouse including our transition to a hybrid environment utilizing both on-premises and cloud-based data stores and tools. The data warehouse is a strategic asset for the company and powers data, insights, and actions across all business functions. You will collaborate with the team to expand and optimize our data and data pipeline architecture. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Engineer will support our software developers, database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our company’s data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives.
Blue Nile is the largest online retailer of certified diamonds, engagement rings and fine jewelry. Our standards are among the highest of all jewelers. We provide a superior customer experience, extraordinary value and industry leading product quality and style. We obsess about our customers and are passionate about providing each customer with an amazing experience.

Our corporate offices are located in Seattle’s vibrant Pioneer Square district, home to the latest wave of internet startups and packed with restaurants and entertainment including Century Link and Safeco fields. We are close to transportation, the waterfront, and parks. Our dress code favors jeans and our facilities include bike racks and showers.

Responsibilities:
Experienced with working in a hybrid environment utilizing both on-premises and cloud-based data stores and tools
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture.
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Design efficient data structures and database schemas
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and GCP ‘big data’ technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Keep our data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple data centers and GCP regions.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building/providing actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or Computer Science or equivalent
5-8 years experience working in a data engineer role
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases and data warehouses, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience with Python scripting
Experience building and optimizing ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Understanding of data warehouse concepts, best practices and tools
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores.
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment.

What we offer:
Medical, Dental, and Vision Healthcare Coverage
401(k) with Company Match
Paid Vacation
Competitive Salaries
Transportation Allowance
Employee Discount
Employee Referral Bonus
Fitness Center Discount",2.7,"Blue Nile
2.7","Seattle, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Other Retail Stores,Retail,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
469,Business Intelligence Analyst,"$42k-$86k
(Glassdoor Est.)","McKesson Corp is a Fortune 7 company and is one of the largest providers of medicines, pharmaceutical supplies and health information technology (IT) products and services in the United States with revenues of $208.4 billion in 2018. The company was founded in 1833 by John McKesson and Charles Olcott in New York with a focus on importing and wholesaling pharmaceutical products. United by our ICARE values, McKesson's 78,000 employees work together every day to make better care possible for patients around the globe.

Current Need

RelayHealth Pharmacy is looking for an experienced Business Intelligence Analyst to join the Project Management Office (PMO) in Atlanta, GA. The PMO’s mission is to help patients get the medication that they need to live healthier lives by delivering quality software-enabled solutions, on time and on budget.

Position Description

As a member of this team, you will analyze, evaluate, report, and manage data-driven processes/projects in support of our mission. Extensive experience with data analysis, data visualization, and best practices promoted by the Project Management Institute (PMI) is required.

Key Responsibilities:
Analysis, evaluation, forecasting, and modeling of data using MS Excel, and contemporary data visualization tools
Provides clear interpretation and presentation of data and analysis to stakeholders
Reporting on operational measures and metrics
Problem solving and process improvement using Six Sigma tools and techniques
Leadership of cross-functional teams focused on the delivery of software project estimates and products or programs from the requirements process through finished state
Ensure the consistent application of project management and software development best practices (e.g. PMI, CMMI)
Management of resource availability and Operations Capacity (i.e. Capacity Management)
Author standard operating procedures and work instructions to promote repeatability and scale
Administration of recurring status meetings and operational reviews
Serve as the business unit owner of time reporting data collected in SAP and MS Access
Expand the use of Capacity Management/Portfolio Management throughout the business
Use complex computer programs to mine multiple data sources
Identify data trends, determine what the trends mean, and recommend solutions
Create compelling dashboards, scorecards, reports, and presentations using contemporary data visualization tools and techniques
Minimum Requirements

Degree or equivalent and typically requires 2+ years of relevant experience

Critical Skills
2+ years experience in operations analysis, data analysis, or business intelligence
Hands on experience analyzing data and developing data models
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications, MS Access and an advanced user of Excel
Strong focus and proven attention to detail
Experience in project management methodologies and best practices, including requirements definition, building systems solutions and/or deployment of business requirements to information systems
Self-starter with a drive to continuously improve processes and remove inefficiencies
Adept at analyzing and using data to solve complex problems
Powerful oral, written and presentation capabilities adapted to clearly and concisely communicate to executive, business, and engineering team audiences
Experience with data visualization software (e.g. MS Power BI, Tableau)
Additional Knowledge and Skills
Experience with SQL a plus
Six Sigma certification a plus
Education

Bachelor's degree in computer science, analytics or related field or equivalent experience

Physical Requirements

General Office Demands

Must be authorized to work in the US. Sponsorship is not available for this position.

We take pride in our culture of connection and believe in a workplace where everyone can be their full, authentic self. We welcome and encourage veterans, individuals with disabilities and others with diverse perspectives to join our growing team. Your unique perspective and experience are valuable assets that can translate into a rewarding career path with us. Apply to join our team and help shape the future of healthcare!

McKesson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history.

McKesson is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including job seekers with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to McKessonTalentAcquisition@mckesson.com . Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.

Current employees must apply through the internal career site.

Join us at McKesson!",3.6,"McKesson
3.6","Atlanta, GA",-1,10000+ Employees,1833,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10+ billion (USD),-1
470,Marketing Data & Analytics Manager,-1,"_Race Winning Brands_* _(RWB) is an accumulation of independent businesses, each with market leading brand recognition that sells primarily pistons, and other engine related components into the Automotive and Powersports markets (high-performance racing, motorcycles, all-terrain vehicles, snowmobiles, personal watercraft, etc.). The companies are market leaders in manufacturing highly engineered engine components on their respected fields._
As a Marketing Data & Analytics Manager on the Race Winning Brands Marketing team, you will be responsible for the reporting needs for national & International marketing campaigns (digital & traditional), global marketing budgets and product marketplace reporting. Within Race Winning Brands, we rely on insightful data to power our brands, platforms and product marketing campaigns. The Marketing Data & Analytics Manager will spearhead the management and focus on the reporting of all key Race Winning Brands Marketing data initiatives across our digital platforms, products, traditional media and marketplace channels and brands on a consistent basis. S(He) reports on a multitude of digital platform performance, marketing brand performance, product performance and departmental project & expense reporting to synthesize data into easy to understand reports and ensure on-time quality controlled delivery creating trust in our reporting. Technical marketing product data management such as digital photos, size and weights also will be managed by this position. Marketing Data & Analytics Manager will initially manage one other report.

The ideal candidate will have the reporting and understanding of how to utilize technology and systems to pull and report on data. As S(He) mines, works with our data, we will rely on them to ask questions, connect the dots, and simplify in order to drive efficiency and increase bandwidth. This position interacts regularly with team members across the global Race Winning Brands team to deliver reporting and results.

To be considered, candidates must apply directly on our website at: https://workforcenow.adp.com/mascsr/default/mdf/recruitment/recruitment.html?cid=4230ed5b-30d3-4fde-a028-60033fbc8287&ccId=19000101\_000001&jobId=344279&source=CC2&lang=en\_US&selectedMenuKey=CareerCenter

Key Responsibilities
Owns all data reporting subject matter and acts as the expert for multiple internal stake holder initiatives, owning the completion and distribution of various monthly reporting deliverables (i.e., campaign analyses reporting on brand KPIs, standard reports and dashboards, scorecards, etc.)
Ability to accurately use data/information in the form of easy to use reporting that tell a clear, concise, and compelling story that enables stakeholders to make a more informed decision
Intellectually curious with an interest in what drives people’s perceptions, opinions, beliefs, attitudes, and behaviors
Partners and collaborates with a cross-functional team of technical and analytical partners
Provides ad hoc reporting and works for internal stake holders as needed
Obsesses with leveraging data and reporting to make the Race Winning Brands Marketing team more efficient and effective
Ability to manage the accurate capture of essential technical aspects of key product attributes
Willingness to manage, motivate and quality check direct report
Qualifications:
Degree in accounting, or related discipline OR an equivalent combination of education and work experience
5 years of experience in fast paced accounting environment
Proficiency with data reporting and manipulation
Flexible thinking and problem solving that enables quick resolution to unique challenges
Attention to detail with a focus on high-quality output that ensures reporting accuracy
Experience with Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe Analytics
Comfort working in a dynamic, data-oriented group with creative department interactions
Must be eligible to work in the United States without company sponsorship
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Analysis Skills: 3 years (Preferred)
Accounting: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Mentor, OH (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Company's website:
www.RaceWinningBrands.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Race-Winning-Brands/247999209084956
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",1.9,"Race Winning Brands
1.9","Mentor, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
471,Data Scientist - DAB,"$83k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that I agree with Takeda’s Privacy Notice, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

Job Description

Are you looking for a patient-focused, innovation-driven company that will inspire you and empower you to shine? Join us in our Cambridge, MA office.

At Takeda, we are transforming the pharmaceutical industry through our R&D-driven market leadership and being a values-led company. To do this, we empower our people to realize their potential through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, we offer stimulating careers, encourage innovation, and strive for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our global teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world.

Here, you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission.

For the Takeda global scientific community who aspire to deliver transformative medicines to patients Scientific Informatics is the technology leader, with domain specific expertise, that provides innovative platforms and technologies to improve both operational efficiency and data-driven decision making. As an embedded partner Scientific Informatics is at the leading edge of both science and technology and proactively reacts to the changing scientific environment and needs of researchers in an agile fashion to deliver timely, value-adding solutions.

The Digital Advisory Board programs aim to ensure our growing data is easily accessible to everyone so we can help our patients and HCPs faster and more effectively.

Rare Disease Early Diagnosis

Rare Disease Early Diagnosis - Accelerate rare disease patient early diagnosis through best-in-class enterprise-level advanced analytics and digital tools leveraging key external partnerships.

We will help patients discover what’s wrong with them sooner and bring them out of the unknown and into the right treatment faster. We will bring relief by helping them discover what is wrong with them at the earliest time possible.

Although there have been advances over recent years, awareness and diagnosis of rare and chronic diseases continue to lag. It can still take up to 10 years to get a diagnosis.

We will explore emerging technologies and establish partnerships with great minds within Takeda and across the healthcare industry to reduce that time for diagnosis.

OBJECTIVES/PURPOSE

Independently perform complex analysis using modern Data Science techniques against structured or unstructured data and report results back to generate insights to Takeda.
Apply machine learning, deep learning and other advanced techniques while performing Data Analysis engagements. This is against structured and un-structured data sets, at small and large scale.
Provide mentorship to other Data Engineers, Data Scientists and Data Specialists across R&D and Vaccine at Takeda as we elevate our data IQ across the organization. This will include coordination of Internal and External collaborations.
Deliver critical analysis against Takeda’s toughest data problems to give us critical insight to the organization’s largest questions.

ACCOUNTABILITIES

Perform machine learning, deep learning and other advanced data techniques at a level of quality that can be defended by peers at a PHD level across the organizations.
Introduce novel and state-of-the-art computational techniques to other teams and scientists to improve capabilities for data analysis with the purpose of deriving high accuracy insight from available datasets more efficiently.
Understanding and usage of different Supervised and Unsupervised learning techniques, their biases, how and when to apply them and which methods are the best for a particular analysis.
Ability to wrangle raw data sets into a format that can have advanced methods applied against the resulting data.
Work independently on tough problems with other team members and independently solve, with some guidance, very difficult technology and data problems.
Demonstrates advanced tooling and techniques to other technical organizations throughout the company

CORE ELEMENTS RELATED TO THIS ROLE

Provide leadership and expertise to best construct data and execute analysis for feature detection, retrospective and predictive modelling, within a complex R&D and Vaccines environment.
Understanding of Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Re-enforcement learning and other techniques to be able to use and teach these methods inside the organization.
Ability to stay up to speed on modern data techniques, understand how to apply them and constantly demonstrated how and where to apply these new methods.
Ability to produce analysis for and defend results to PhD and executive level audience across the organizations
Design, Execute, QC and Deliver Data Science Analysis independently and effectively across the organization

EDUCATION, BEHAVIOURAL COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS

Master’s Degree or PhD in Computer Science, Data Science or equivalent
3+ years’ experience or a PhD and relevant project / coursework
Expertise with the Application of Machine Learning and / or Deep Learning
Up-to-date specialized knowledge of data wrangling, manipulation and management of technologies
Experience with Spark
Ability to manipulate voluminous data with different degree of structuring across disparate sources to build and communicate actionable insights for internal or external parties
Possesses strong personal skills to portray information
Ability to work in an agile and rapid changing environment with high quality deliverables
Experience with two of the following languages: Python, R, Java or Scala
Experience with deep learning frameworks: TensorFlow, MX Net
Working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL datastores
Experience in a scientific environment

Locations

Cambridge, MA

Worker Type

Employee

Worker Sub-Type

Regular

Time Type

Full time",3.7,"Takeda Pharmaceutical
3.7","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1781,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
472,Data Scientist,-1,"Company information*
Coverent is a specialized consulting services firm focused on developing innovative solutions to the most challenging problems facing our nation. We are growing quickly, but focused on maintaining our commitment to fantastic results and a fair, flexible, and fun culture:
Are you interested in working for a boutique firm who sees its employees as more than just a number?
Are you intrigued by the notion of joining a small team of talented, passionate consultants with a clear vision to help our clients achieve their missions better, smarter, faster?
Does a company culture that emphasizes outcomes, fairness, and flexibility sound appealing?
Would you like to be rewarded for your contributions, via programs like annual bonuses and company profit sharing?
Would you appreciate having a choice of options from top-notch benefit providers for medical and retirement plans?
Are you interested in a learning culture that is forward-leaning regarding training, education, and professional development?
If you answer YES to these questions, Coverent could be the employer of choice for you. Description of role

Coverent is seeking a Senior Data Science Consultant to lead program evaluation activities for a client in the US Intelligence Community. On this project, the Consultant will have the opportunity to demonstrate intellectual agility by leading data collection and data analysis activities to produce key performance insights. Furthermore, they will lead the implementation of recommendations when they are adopted by the customer. This project features the opportunity to interact with a wide range of key stakeholders, including those at senior levels. This is an exciting opportunity for an intellectually curious, energetic consultant to work on a project with real impact helping our client develop ways to understand and improve performance of activities that support delivery of the mission.
Responsibilities*
Consult with clients on the development, prioritization and implementation of process improvement and impact evaluations tasks.
Develop recommendations for changes to policy, processes, communications and training to enable achievement of vision. Develop and implement research designs with practical strategies for measuring performance of organizational units and/or unit activities to include development of performance measures and design of actionable methods for collecting and analyzing data, and implement strategies and refine as needed.
Perform a variety of research activities to include document reviews, structured interviews, and gap analyses, and involves stakeholder identification and logistical coordination for data collection activities and documentation of discussions.
Analyze both qualitative and quantitative information to provide customer with comprehensive insights into organizational strengths and challenge areas.
Prepare visual presentations of data and analysis.
Prepare reports and presentations for senior leadership based on research plans, activities, findings and recommendations.
Brief senior level customers on research plans, activities, findings and recommendations.
Requirements *
U.S. Citizenship
Active TS/SCI clearance w/ Poly
Must have a Bachelors degree ; Masters degree in business, social science, or behavioral science preferred
3+ years of experience in a consulting role in the IC
Experience extracting insights from social media data using data analysis techniques
Experience developing and implementing change management strategies
Demonstrated experience designing and implementing organizational or programmatic performance measurement strategies
Proven ability to analyze data and translate analysis into meaningful insights
General understanding of data coding, data integrity, and statistical sampling and analysis concepts
Experience developing presentations and providing briefings to middle and senior management
Excellent oral and written communication skills, including visual representation of data using charts and graphs
Advanced proficiency with MS Excel and PowerPoint
Ability to perform in an individual contributor role while also excelling in a team environment
Ability to analyze information and identify implications for policy, processes, communications and training
Demonstrated experience leading qualitative research and program evaluation activities to include experience leading structured interviews
Familiarity with industry-standard data science and visualization tools
Familiarity with advanced statistical concepts
Some knowledge of Python scripting
_Indeed Hire and Coverent are working together to find the best candidate for this job. _*
_*_
_*_*
_By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application._*
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $140,000.00 - $185,000.00 per year

Experience:
extracting insights from social media data: 1 year (Required)
developing and implementing change management strategies: 1 year (Required)
analyze data and translate analysis into meaningful insights: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
TS/SCI clearance w/ Full Polygraph (Required)
Benefits:
None
Schedule:
Other",4.2,"Coverent
4.2","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
473,Scientist II,"$49k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Driven by a commitment to research, quality and service, PDI, Inc. provides innovative products, educational resources, training and support to prevent infection transmission and promote health and wellness. Encompassing 3 areas, our Healthcare, Sani Professional and Contract manufacturing divisions, we develop, manufacture and distribute leading edge products for North America and the world. We have several locations across the US and are looking for new Associates to join our team!

POSITION PURPOSE

This position is a member of the R&D Analytical team and will work to support development and continued improvement of Interventional Care drugs and medical devices for projects such as skin antisepsis, device disinfection, and nasal decolonization.

The primary function of this position is to perform GMP and non-GMP analytical testing (assay, ID, impurities, stability), and conduct method developments, validations, and transfers for our Interventional Care business function. This individual will be responsible to uphold our quality, safety, and efficiency in the laboratory.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND BASIC DUTIES

RESEARCH& DEVELOPMENT:
Performs routine and non-routine analytical testing using chromatography (GC, LC), titration (auto and manual), and/or spectroscopy (FTIR, NIR, UV/Vis). Tests stability and release samples for pH, color, appearance, and other studies as required.
Develops, validates, and transfers analytical test methods to Quality Control and/or external testing labs.
Drafts validation and stability protocols, reports, and executes experiments.
LABORATORY SUPPORT:
Authors test methods, SOPs, WI, and other project reports independently.
Calibrates analytical instrumentation and equipment.
Troubleshoots analytical equipment and processes with an eye towards continuous improvement.
Drafts reports, performs data analysis, and maintains a compliant laboratory notebook.
FORMULATION AND REGULATORY SUPPORT:
Help formulators to design experiments to test product prototypes.
Adhere to strict timelines and communicate testing status to the larger project team.
Provide analytical support to QC and regulatory, as needed.
PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENTS
Meet timelines and be able to balance priorities according to stakeholder needs.
Demonstrate research skills to adopt new test methods or implement improvements.
Willing to learn additional analytical skills and take on more responsibility and functional activities
Communicate effectively with other team members across the organization, within R&D, Corporate Quality, and the Quality Control Laboratory.
QUALIFICATIONS

EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION:
University degree in Science or Engineering required
MS degree, or higher, in Chemistry preferred
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE:
Previous experience in a regulated/GXP environment.
Strong analytical chemistry, method development and validation understanding.
Working knowledge of FDA regulations and ICH guidelines.
EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
3+ years of industry working experience.
Demonstrated ability to validate and transfer methods.
Proficient with a variety of analytical test methods, including LC and GC.
SKILLS/ABILITIES:
Excellent communication skills (verbal / written).
Highly motivated to work as a member of a nimble team. Embraces change and risk, and exhibits flexibility.
Exhibits excellent organization, planning and multi-tasking skills; able to handle multiple projects/tasks at the same time.
Computer literate (MS 365, Empower, Electronic Notebook, LIMS).
WORKING CONDITIONS
About 75% Lab and 25% office environment. Willing to routinely travel (20 min) between headquarters and GMP facilities.
R&D: Woodcliff Lake, NJ. GMP Lab: Orangeburg, NY",4.5,"PDI Inc (NY)
4.5","Woodcliff Lake, NJ",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
474,Data Engineer,-1,"At YETI, we believe that time spent outdoors matters more than ever and our gear can make that time extraordinary. When you work here, you'll have the opportunity to create exceptional, meaningful work and problem solve with innovative team members by your side. Together, you'll help our customers get the high-quality gear they need to make the most of their adventures. We are BUILT FOR THE WILD™.

The Data Engineer will be part of a team that designs and develops YETI's enterprise Data Warehouse and Analytic systems. This position offers an extremely rare and unique opportunity to join a highly profitable, fast-growing business.

Our needs are diverse and its certain that we will build and deploy software on various platforms including but not limited to Google Big Query and Tableau. While this position specifically seeks a Senior Developer, who will focus on implementing solutions in Google Cloud Environment, Google Dataflow, and Composer (Airflow), we strongly prefer candidates with a diversity of experience capable of working across more than one area.

This role requires a blend of skills typically found in the specialized roles of Business Analyst, Data Modeler, Data Analyst, and Cloud Administration. Additionally, an understanding of dynamic environments, agile development, and how to balance the need to maintain operations versus the need to build things the right way is an absolute must.

Responsibilities:
Work with business customers and data analysts to define detailed requirements from broader business challenges.
Translate those requirements to logical and physical models that satisfy analytical needs.
Perform data profiling and analysis to assess data quality patterns, recommend data cleansing rules, conforming data standard rules and matching algorithms.
Own the system architecture and infrastructure of our Google Could Data warehouse and other related GCP services.
Assist ETL and BI developers with complex query tuning and schema refinement.


Qualifications and Attributes:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline
4+ years experience in the development of data warehouse, decision support, or executive information systems.
Expert in writing, analyzing and tuning complex SQL queries
Extensive experience with Python programming
Hands-on experience in any Cloud environment preferably GCP
Good understanding of Object-Oriented programming
Must have a good understanding of Dimensional Modeling and ER-Modeling.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Airflow, Dataflow, etc.
Willing to work with new tools and learn new programming languages
Strong problem-solving ability and a positive attitude.
YETI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.

#LI-CL1",4.0,"YETI Coolers
4.0",United States,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
475,Sr. HR Data Analyst,"$59k-$100k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who is Cenlar? You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Sr. HR Data Analyst.

Job Summary:

The Sr. HR Data Analyst is responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies related to Human Resources. This role identifies and aggregates complex dataset using a combination of tools, such as, SQL, VBA, PowerShell, and MS Access. This role should have knowledge of statistical models/algorithms using Python as the primary programming language.

Responsibilities:
Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns with HR data sets and makes recommendations for business and process improvement
Analyzes processes and data by extracting data from various data warehouse environments
Develops reports and dashboards using various reporting and visualization tools to meet business needs
Understands ongoing requests and translates them into reports for team members and other stakeholders
Ability to design, develop, and execute ETL pipelines to automate ingestion of structured and unstructured data sources using a combination of PowerShell, SQL, Python, VBA, and other programming languages
Solid understanding of REST API architecture to implement interfaces that allow for the seamless data integration between our vendor systems and our internal databases
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Handles complex requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing and trend analysis
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistical analysis, Human Resources, or related field, Master’s degree preferred with 5+ years of relevant and/or data engineering analytics experience
Working knowledge of SQL skills to perform complex data manipulation using multiple tables, queries, and subqueries in a database environment (i.e., SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, DB2, MS Access, et al).
Strong background with at least an object-oriented/functional/scripting language (Python, Java, etc.)
Familiarity with CLI (CMD, bash, PowerShell, etc.)
Expertise with various ETL technologies and tools
Strong understanding of business logic for aggregation and analysis services
Experience with HRMS, such as ADP, ETime, Taleo, and Cornerstone, preferred
Ability to develop capabilities and/ or experiences in partnership with more experienced staff
Exceptional organization and time management skills, with the initiative and the desire to own problems from start to finish
Ability to flex and adapt to changing business needs, and use discretion when dealing with confidential information
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with ability to work on several projects simultaneously
Passion to have an impact; Pro-active self-starter; Demonstrates a strong sense of urgency and responsiveness; Strong organizational and project management skills
Demonstrated track record of developing and successfully driving new initiatives through an organization to achieve business results
Total Rewards :

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online .",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Yardley, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
476,"Environmental - Geologist, Scientist or Engineer (CAMPUS)",-1,"Antea USA, Inc. (Antea®Group) is seeking motivated, detail-orientedgraduates for entry level Environmental Scientist, Geologist or Engineer roles forSpring 2021 opportunities in various office locations throughout the United States.

Qualified individuals must have strong organizational and communication skills (both verbal and written), and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment with a strong technical support team. This safety-sensitive position reports to a project manager and will support project teams on a variety of assignments including site remediation activities, technical and safety oversight of subcontractors, permitting, Phase I and Phase II Environmental Site Assessments, and health and safety audit support. Tasks will include preparing work and health and safety plans; conducting soil and groundwater investigations and sampling; remediation system operation and maintenance; data entry, management and analysis; and the preparation of reports in a variety of formats.

This is a full-time position with 70% - 80% of travel anticipated. This may require working alone in remote locations and/or out of state work supporting other company offices.

Antea®Group focuses strongly upon safety in all aspects of our operations, in the field, the office, and while traveling. The successful candidate must likewise consider safety as paramount and demonstrate an awareness of safe operations, and be willing to accommodate long or non-standard work hours on a project by project basis.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Education and Training
BS in Geology / Hydrogeology / Engineering / Environmental Sciences / Health and Safety or related major
Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel
Minimum 0– 3 years of applicable environmental experience
This position requires a 40-hour HAZWOPER OSHA certification. While current certification is desirable, it is not required to apply. HAZWOPER training will be provided upon employment if the successful candidate(s) is/are not already certified
Experience& Fundamental Skill Set
Strong mechanical, organizational and communication skills
Strong time, project task management, and decision-making skills
Able to work independently, troubleshoot mechanical issues and produce results with attention to details
Ability to multi-task with multiple project managers
Interest and motivation to diversify skill set
Familiarity with state and federal environmental regulatory framework
Potential employees must pass a company-paid physical examination, drug-screen and have a valid driver's license
Physical Requirements / Work Environment - Maintain physical condition appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities, which may include the following:

Sedentary to light work (typical office or administrative work)
Frequently required to stand, sit and walk for extended periods of time
Occasional lifting and carrying of low (under 25lbs) to moderate (25-49lbs) weight objects
Repetitive motions: substantial movements (motions) of the wrists, hands, and/or fingers (including reaching)
Subject to inside environmental conditions (protection from weather conditions but not necessarily from temperature change)
Operation of a motor vehicle
Additionally, if you are assigned work in the field at client project sites you will need to complete a medical surveillance/fitness-for-duty examination and maintain physical condition appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities which may include the following:

Medium to heavy work
Subject to outside environmental conditions: heat/cold, wind, wet and/or humid, etc.
Occasional stooping (bending body downward and forward), kneeling (bending legs at knee), crouching (bending body downward and forward) and climbing
Frequent lifting (including push/pull, hold/carry) of light, moderate and possibly heavy weight objects
Subject to hazards, including a variety of physical conditions, including but not limited to proximity to moving vehicles, parts or equipment; exposure to chemicals; pressure (including noise); electrical hazards; biological hazards; excavation/trenching; confined spaces; elevated work; materials handling
May be required to wear an air purifying respirator
Antea®Group offers competitive benefits including paid vacation, paid holidays and paid sick leave.

Antea USA, Inc. (Antea®Group) is an EEO/AA Employer

Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity and other protected categories

NO RECRUITERS PLEASE/NO VISA SPONSORSHIP AT THIS TIME",4.0,"Antea Group
4.0",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
477,Data Operations Engineer,"$48k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Modernizing Medicine, we look for passionate, innovative, creative Rock Stars!
Inc. Magazine Best Workplaces of 2020
Inc. 5000 Fastest-Growing Private Companies in America - 2015 - 2019
Best Use of Technology in Customer Service (Gold) - Customer Sales and Service World Awards® - 2019
Customer Service Department of the Year (Gold) - Customer Sales and Service World Awards - 2018
South Florida Business Journal Fastest Growing Technology Company - 2016 - 2018
Customer Success Team of the Year by SIIA's Company CODiE - 2017
People's Choice UX Award for modmed® Kiosk - 2017
Modernizing Medicine is delivering truly disruptive and transformative products and services that will impact the healthcare industry. The work we do makes a difference. Our web and mobile applications are transforming healthcare information technology to increase practice efficiency and improve patient outcomes. We offer end-to-end specialty-specific solutions from practice management, through EMR to Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) that maximize office interactions, patient visits, collections and reimbursements.

Modernizing Medicine is looking for an exceptional Data Operations Engineer with a passion for technology to help revolutionize the world of Healthcare IT. Data Operations Engineers are at the core of a data-driven business; they build and maintain the infrastructure that empowers customers, analysts, and data scientists to drive insights. We've built a team of passionate, creative, and innovative engineers and data scientists that are changing the world and having fun doing it!

You may be a great fit for Mod Med's Data Operations Engineer opportunity, IF
You are a gifted Data Operations Engineer with a background in large scale data engineering support.
You will enjoy using technology to automate solutions and optimize outcomes focusing on data engineering, continuous integration, and continuous deployment
You are a collaborator. You thrive in environments that freely exchange ideas and viewpoints.
You are an innovator that believes in making a difference and having fun doing it.
You are passionate about data and in being a part of a tight-knit Data Operations team.
Your Role:
Automate, deploy and operate data pipelines
Automate build, deployment, and quality processes
Implement facilities to monitor all aspects of the data pipeline
Manage data in Spark and other environments using scripts and automation
Communicate and/or address build, deployment and operational issues as they come up
Implement, administer, and support the Qliksense systems
Installations, Upgrades, Patches, Backups of the Data Operations systems
Maintain documentation of Data Operations systems and processes
Support the data usage needs of downstream analytics teams
Ensure availability meets or exceed agreed-upon SLAs
Participate in a 24x7 on-call rotation for critical issues
Skills & Requirements:
BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
Experience managing data in relational databases and developing ETL pipelines
Experience using Spark SQL or other Big Data tools
Experience implementing and administering logging, telemetry and monitoring tools like ops view
Experience using AWS or other cloud services
Experience scripting for automation and config management (Chef, Puppet, Ansible)
Experience with orchestration software such as Airflow or Luigi
Fluent in at least one scripting or systems programming language (Python, Ruby, Bash, Go, Rust, Crystal, etc.)
Deep Knowledge of the Linux and Windows operating systems (OS, networking, process level)
Strong problem-solving skills
Interest in DevOps style engineering teams - we operate what we build!
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Strong commitment to quality, architecture, and documentation.
Experience working with the Qlik Sense product in a large-scale enterprise environment a plus
Experience with Tableau and Domo a plus
Modernizing Medicine Benefit Highlights:
Your compensation is a combination of base salary and bonus potential.
Health Insurance, 401(k), Vacation, Employee Assistance Program, Flexible Spending Accounts.
Weekly catered breakfast and lunch, treadmill workstations, quarterly onsite massages, onsite dry cleaning, onsite car wash and many more!",4.2,"Modernizing Medicine, Inc.
4.2","Boca Raton, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
478,"Senior Scientist/Manager, Conjugation","$86k-$184k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Primary function in the Downstream Process group of Process and Manufacturing Sciences in development, optimization and characterization of antibody-drug-conjugate (ADC) conjugations. Participate in core Downstream Process development and activities for antibody purification. Interface with analytical team in development of ADC-specific analytical methods for characterization of clinical, commercial and new products.

Lead the development, optimization and characterization of scalable, efficient and cost-effective ADC conjugation processes for current and new products.
Technology transfer of conjugation processes and technical support of third-party manufacturers (CMO).
Provide technical support for commercial manufacturing activities.
Experimental investigations to support conjugation-related deviations.
Work closely in a cross-functional team with the Upstream, Downstream, Drug Product and Analytical groups in the Process and Manufacturing Sciences Department.
Direct participation in Downstream Process development (antibody) activities
Work with Analytical group in development of ADC analytical methods
Prepare SOPs, technical reports, data summaries and CMC related documents required for various regulatory submissions.
It is each employee’s responsibility to perform their work properly and ensure a product or service meets the current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) requirements for Safety, Identity, Strength, Purity, and Quality. It is each employee’s responsibility to immediately report observations regarding anything that deviates from established standards to their supervisor and to the Quality function.

Ph. D. or M.S. in chemistry, biochemistry or related field
5 years in Pharmaceutical/biotech
Expertise in ADC conjugation processes
Analytical methods and characterization of ADCs
Experience with downstream antibody purification
Experience with automated chromatography platforms/processes (ex. AKTA)
UF/DF processes
Written and oral communication.
Additional competencies (nice to have):
Fluency in the regulatory guidance documents pursuant to ADCs and monoclonal antibodies.
Understanding of cGMP and compliance requirements.
Analytical method development
Formulations",2.8,"Immunomedics, Inc.
2.8","Morris Plains, NJ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1982,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
479,Quantitative Researcher,-1,"What happens when accomplished scientists and engineers come together to tackle financial markets using complex models, custom technology, and huge amounts of computational horsepower? What if you mix these things together in an environment that values quality of life and rewards contribution? In our experience, you're able to build a team of talented professionals working together to solve interesting problems and produce real-world results.

If joining a collaborative and high-performance team sounds appealing and you have a history of exceptional performance in a quantitative discipline, we’d love for you to share your resume and give us the chance to explore a potential fit. Financial experience isn’t a prerequisite. Programming skills and an PhD in Statistics, Math, Physics, Engineering or comparable scientific discipline strongly preferred.

Position

We are looking for highly talented candidates to support development of quantitative trading systems. Our quantitative researchers engage in both the development of trading strategies and the implementation of software that tests and executes these strategies.

We seek quantitative researchers with strong analytical and mathematical skills as well as the ability to conduct creative research at the highest level. Strong software coding experience is highly desired, as the position involves the development, testing, and maintenance of software on a daily basis.

About Us

For over three decades, the TGS team has built quantitative trading systems that have produced exceptional results across a range of financial markets. We use scientific methods and engineering discipline to solve challenging problems and develop technology solutions. Our Irvine office is as unique as our Southern California location, combining elements of high tech, finance, and applied research in a collegial atmosphere and beautiful workspace.

As an employer, we are small, discreet, and highly selective. We look for exceptional people with proven track records of performance and achievement, and are far more interested in aptitude and potential than expertise in any particular technology, tool set, or professional domain. If you're inspired by the idea of working on interesting problems with talented colleagues, we invite you to share your resume and explore the possibility of joining our team.

Applicants residing in California may find our CCPA notice to California residents HERE.",5.0,"TGS Management Company
5.0","Irvine, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
480,Contract/Intern - Project Scientist,-1,"6 Month Contract/Intern - Chemist / Scientist
The ideal candidate will possess an academic background in physics, chemistry, or related discipline, with good knowledge of lab principles and practices. A background in instrumentation is essential. The candidate will be responsible for preparing test articles, collection of data, analysis of results, and effective record-keeping and communication. The candidate for this position will be hired for a 6 month contract, or a Fall/Winter 2020 internship for immediate hire.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Research and Development with analytical instruments
Learn and implement techniques for sample collection and introduction
Evaluate instrument performance, analyze data, and report test results
Test and evaluate breadboard designs to enhance performance
Work closely with other internal groups and external resources to enhance development of instrumentation
Attention to detail and precise record-keeping
Other duties may be assigned

QUALIFICATIONS:
This individual must be a motivated individual with the ability to learn and implement techniques
relating to detection of chemical agents and trace explosive residue. This includes, but not limited to sample collection, desorption, transport, ionization, detection, and analysis. This individual shall also be capable of working independently with reliable record-keeping and communication.
Education and/or Experience:
Degree or working toward a degree in Physics, Chemistry, or equivalent
Two years hands-on experience with instrumentation desirable
Computer Skills:
Standard MS office proficiency
Capability to quickly learn new Bruker developed SW programs
Programming for test and evaluation is a plus
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations:
N/A
Other Skills and Abilities:
Familiarity with Ion Mobility Spectrometry and Mass Spectrometry helpful
At least two-years’ experience with instrumentation such as IMS or MS desired
General chemical lab expertise
Other Qualifications:
US citizenship required. The ability to obtain and retain a US security clearance is a must.
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Must be a team player with good people skills
Bruker is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
Certain positions at Bruker require compliance with export control laws and as a result, all interviewed candidates for all positions will be screened pre-interview to determine their eligibility in light of export control restrictions.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
Office and R&D lab environment
Some travel required - up to 4 weeks within 6 month period",3.4,"Bruker Corporation
3.4","Billerica, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1960,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
481,"Scientist I, Quality Control",-1,"The Scientist I, Quality Control (QC) is responsible for development of quality control procedures and processes, developing staff, fostering a culture of safety and quality, and participating in QC analysis. The scientist collaborates in production scheduling, instrumentation and maintenance within the QC space.

Areas of Responsibility:

Participates in QC testing and development of team members.
Provides effective teamwork through:
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Initiating, coordinating, and enforcing systems, policies, and procedures.
Training and mentoring of team members to develop technical growth opportunities.
Supplying technical expertise to team members.
Comply with company policy and work with management and HR to address issues.
Participate in recruiting and selection of team members.
Ensures QC projects and priorities are completed by:
Planning QC projects including project timelines.
Properly schedule QC projects and work with colleagues to complete them accordingly.
Scope resource needs for projects.
Acquire raw materials, instrumentation time and personnel needed to complete QC projects.
Communicate expectations and priorities to assigned team members to ensure projects are completed on time.
Provide project progress to management on a regular basis.
Capable of operating and performing QC analysis on all instruments in immediate work area.
Effectively communicate and coordinate with internal and external suppliers, QC team members and QC managers to assure the most efficient use of time and resources; initiating and fostering a spirit of cooperation within and between departments.
Communicate with internal customers on progress of projects.
Review processes and write appropriate controlled documents as needed.
Develop and document new processes to be used in quality control testing.
Analyzes raw data, organizes results and plans project steps accordingly.
Maintains accurate and complete records for development and experimental projects and results.
Evaluate, identify, acquire and implement new equipment to improve manufacturing processes.
Performs training of QC team members on new processes.
Acts as a scientific resource for teams within the QC group.
Proactively interface with QC group and internal customers to identify and implement areas of continuous improvement.
Executes on objectives and goals to support a positive, efficient and motivated team.
Responsible for overseeing the safe use of hazardous chemicals in a manufacturing environment on a daily basis.
Supply regular feedback to management on the status of the team, instrumentation and process.
Professional presence and strong attention to detail.
Technical proficiency that enables effective participation of the QC process.
Strong communication and problem solving abilities

CA2

Qualifications

Required Education/Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in the Life Sciences or Chemistry, 5+ years of industry experience position and/or demonstrates proficiency to meet the requirements of a QC Scientist.

Demonstrated understanding of HPLC use and principals

Preferred Education/Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in the Life Sciences or Chemistry, 5+ years of industry experience position and/or demonstrates proficiency to meet the requirements of a QC Scientist.

Certified Six Sigma Greenbelt

Demonstrated hands-on experience with HPLC samples and analysis

Demonstrated success with continuous improvement

Demonstrated success coaching and mentoring staff with scientific principles and techniques

Strong communication skills to design, execute and report with projects

Skills:

Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Capable of calculating equivalents

Ability to consistently deliver on good documentation

Ability to effectively communicate with cross-functional teams

Microsoft Office, Outlook, Word, Power Point and Excel.

Use of a web browser.",-1,LGC Limited,"Petaluma, CA",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
482,Senior Data Analyst,"$85k-$115k
(Employer Est.)","About Sysco Labs

Sysco LABS is a technology-focused division within Sysco, dedicated to reimagining foodservice through innovation. An extension of Sysco’s commitment to deliver exceptional products and services to the foodservice industry, Sysco LABS uses customer and market intelligence, data-driven insights and agile technology development to rethink the entire foodservice ecosystem.
Our innovation will improve everything from the ordering process, inventory, pricing and automation to the in-restaurant customer experience. Operating with the mindset of a startup and backed by the authoritative expertise of an industry leader, Sysco LABS’ mission is to improve the Sysco customer experience and consistently deliver cost savings and new innovations through technology.

About the Role

As a Senior Data Analyst at Sysco Labs, you will be responsible for driving strategies and tactics to optimize Sysco products using quantitative data, find answers to broad questions, identify patterns and trends, and make informed decisions to influence product strategy and direction.

Responsibilities
Utilize a combination of exploratory and descriptive analytics to inform product strategy and roadmap, and provide ad-hoc analyses that uncover root cause of recent business trends.
Understand data infrastructure and coordinate with Data Engineering to deliver data models and structures to meet business demands.
Design relevant data models, including outlining dimensions and measures needed, for answering business questions.
Establish and implement product data standards and best practices in order to optimize the data collection, fidelity and accuracy. Develop product measurement plans and dashboards to monitor metrics and KPIs.
Ensure optimization and validations initiatives are implemented, tracked and reviewed postproduction.
Shape, explore and publish data for business analysis or stakeholder initiatives using core Business Intelligence (BI) tools.
Maintain a presence in the broader data and analytics community.
Shape, explore and publish data for business analysis or stakeholder initiatives using core Business Intelligence (BI) tools, such as Tableau and Redash.
Other duties as assigned.
About You

Minimum Qualifications:
6 years’ experience in using data and analytics to drive decisions and insights.
Experience with SQL.
Experience with MixPanel or Google Analytics.
Experience with digital marketing tools such as Google Search Console, Adwords, Marin, Google DoubleClick stack, Tealium, or similar.
Experience with Tableau
Experience with JavaScript tag management.
Experience with Python Analytics/Viz packages.
Experience with R-Studio.
Experience with Data Mining tools such as RapidMiner, Opera, ProM, or similar.
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science or related field.
Experience with programmatic media.
Experience with structured and semi-structured data.
Perks at Sysco LABS:
Competitive base & bonus packages
Fun, casual, fast-paced work environment filled with talented colleagues
Brand-new high-tech office space located in the heart of East 6th St, (walking distance to the MetroRail)
Generous PTO policy
Flexible work environment that encourages work/life balance
Fully stocked break room & weekly catered lunch
Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits and company 401(k) program
At Sysco LABS you will be part of a team that values trust, learning, and working together to solve problems. Your efforts will help to build groundbreaking experiences for our customers. Come join us!
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.",4.1,"Sysco Labs
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
483,Big Data Engineer,"$76k-$138k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Big Data Engineer

Ann Arbor, MI

Are you looking for a stimulating company atmosphere where your efforts will have a significant impact on redefining the supply chain analytics market to fuel our company's success? Were driven by people who have a passion for technology and innovation; we are a fun, results-driven company that thrives on delivering value to customers and making a difference in the world leveraging our solutions. If this sounds like you, come join our herd!

At LLamasoft, our mission is to elevate lives and organizations through the science of smarter decision-making. Powered by AI and advanced analytics, our enterprise decision platform enables business leaders to solve problems in new ways and make smarter decisions faster as their business and operating models change. We are pioneering the use of a true digital twin of the extended supply chain combined with our powerful algorithms and deep supply chain, data engineering, AI and operational expertise. LLamasoft deploys decision solutions through enterprise ready apps, custom apps, and an extensible no-code App Studio.

The Role:

LLamasoft is looking for an experienced Big Data Engineer to join our amazing team and be part of our next-gen supply chain cloud platform. As a Big Data engineer, you will work as part of the Data Architecture team and interact closely with other data engineers & DBAs, Software Development, Architecture, DevOps, and Platform Success to build out our next-generation data architecture for our cloud platform in AWS and Azure.

You will be directly involved in the execution of tactical and strategic data related projects. You will develop data infrastructure and data pipelines to support data ingestion & enrichment, analytics, and visualization uniting data across disparate sources and scales, from small ad hoc datasets to cloud scale datasets. You will have the opportunity to learn, grow and prosper with the team along with maintaining the work-life balance and highest work ethics.

Job Description:

• Design, maintain and normalize multi-tenant enterprise data warehouse

• Ensure our data architecture supports the requirements of the business

• Help improve the volume, velocity and veracity of our data

• Implement cloud based ETL/ELT architecture for ingesting high volume data

• Enabling bi-directional data pipelines using APIs and cloud-based tools

• Implement best practices for data collection, partitioning and performance

• Ability to produce aggregated datasets for efficient cross-business analysis

• Mapping and designing ingestion and transformation from various data source

• Implement data modeling, security and data management best practices

The Qualifications:

• Bachelors in computer science, Software Engineering or related technical field

• 3+ years of experience in Big Data projects using Hadoop/Spark or similar technology

• Understanding of data warehousing and data lake design patterns

• 3+ years of data engineering / development / integration experience

• Build ETL pipelines with Kafka, Spark and RDBMS (MSSQL preferred)

• Experience with open source workflow tools like airflow, apache Nifi, mlflow and Apache Spark • Vendors integration with Databricks, Qubole, AWS Glue or Azure DF

• Fluent in SQL and at least one scripting language (Python, Java or Scala)

• Cloud computing on AWS, Azure, GCP

• Should have experience in leading teams and working with cross functional teams

• Ability to work with geographically distributed teams

• Strong oral and written communication

About LLamasoft:

Over 750 of the worlds most innovative companies rely on LLamasoft to design operational strategies to achieve profitability and growth goals. In addition to helping our customers identify billions of dollars in value, LLamasoft partners with humanitarian organizations, government entities and the World Economic Forum, using our solutions to design and optimize health supply chains around the globe in order to reach our goal of positively impacting 100 million lives by 2022.

LLamasoft is an equal opportunity employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.

If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application, interviewing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please direct your inquiries to accommodation@llamasoft.com.

Powered by JazzHR",4.1,"LLamasoft
4.1","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
484,Data Engineer,"$108k-$199k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Grow your career at AppLovin.

AppLovin is a global leader in mobile entertainment. Its studios create popular, immersive mobile games and its technology brings games to more players around the world. Since 2012, the company's platform has been instrumental in driving the explosive growth of mobile games, resulting in a richer ecosystem and more games played by millions of people every day. AppLovin is headquartered in Palo Alto, California with several offices globally. Learn more at applovin.com.

AppLovin is one of Inc.'s Best Workplaces and a recipient of the 2019 Glassdoor Top CEO employee's choice award. The San Francisco Business Times awarded AppLovin one of the Bay Area's Best Places to Work in 2019 and 2020, and the Workplace Wellness Award in 2019 which recognizes businesses that are leaders in improving worker well-being.

About You:
Have 1-3 years of experience and a minimum of a BS and/or MS in Computer Science
Have excellent knowledge of computer science fundamentals including data structures, algorithms, and coding
Experience independently creating and maintaining projects
Product focused mindset
Have experience working with big data systems (Spark, Hadoop, Pig, Impala, Kafka)
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems
Experience with a backend language such as Java or Scala
About the Role:
Collaborate with various engineering teams to meet a wide range of technological challenges
Work closely with product and business teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools
Define company data models using Spark
Perks:
Free medical, dental, and vision insurance
Daily lunches and fully stocked kitchen
Free public transit
Free laundry service (wash/dry clean)
Free gym membership
401k matching
Fun company parties and events
Autonomy to make decisions in a rapidly growing company
Flexible Time Off - work hard and take time when you need it
Interested? Send us your resume and let's talk!

AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

#LI-JZ1",4.8,"AppLovin
4.8","Palo Alto, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
485,Cleared Data Scientist,"$85k-$137k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

As an experienced Data Scientist, you might be wondering what makes MITRE different than other government contractors and consulting firms. Many of our recent hires answered YES to at least one of the questions below:
Do you want to partner with Defense Intelligence professionals to solve problems?
Are you interested in developing, automating and improving capabilities to address technical issues of national importance and making a direct mission impact?
Are you interested in contributing to technical projects that you can feel passionate about?
Are you interested in working for a company where a 40-hour week is the norm and not the exception?
Do you want exceptional benefits, including tuition reimbursement for coursework towards an advance degree in a technical discipline?
In the Defense Intelligence Department, you can apply and expand software development and data skills to recommend solutions to large-scale data challenges. Join our team to develop automated methods to ingest and analyze large datasets; conduct data analysis and data modeling; and develop prototype capabilities. The candidate will be expected to work independently, with Analysts, and with Data Scientists to develop new workflows and approaches to answer questions of national significance. Our department works to identify and bring solutions to the Defense Intelligence Community and work in the public interest. We also actively conduct independent research in areas that further the knowledge of our government partners.

To be successful you will:
Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.
Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.
Work with Defense Intelligence government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.
Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.
Provide relevant day-to-day tasking for one or more junior staff.
Lead projects throughout their life cycle, including conceptualization, requirements definition, data procurement, development, integration, and socialization
Minimum Qualifications :
BS and 8 years related experience
Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances.
Required Qualifications:
Prior experience working with the Department of Defense and/or Intelligence Community.
Significant academic background in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Mathematics, or Statistics.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations with at least two modern programming language like Python (scikit-learn, pandas, tensorflow), C++, R, or Java or a business intelligence platform like Tableau.
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
Familiarity with AWS tools.
Demonstrated experience leading customer facing engagements emphasizing data analytics.
Possess and maintain an Active TS/SCI level security clearance with the ability to successfully obtain a CI Poly level clearance.


Preferred Qualifications:
Prior experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j).Experience visualizing multi-dimensional data using tools like Tableau, ggplot2, Plotly, matplotlib, seaborn, or D3.js.
Experience leading or conducting research.
Experience designing data science tasking and/or leading a team of data scientists.
Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines).
Experience using version control (e.g., Git, Mercurial, SVN) to support collaborative development.
Prior experience developing interactive data visualizations using open source web technologies (Angular, Vue, React, D3.js) or other frameworks (Shiny, Jupyter Notebooks).
Prior experience developing data-intensive full stack web applications using Node.js, Flask, Django, or other technologies.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
486,Lead Business Data Analyst,"$53k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Discover. A brighter future.

With Discover, you’ll have the chance to make a difference at one of the world’s leading digital banking and payments companies. From Day 1, you’ll do meaningful work you’re passionate about, with the support and resources you need for success. We value what makes each employee unique and provide a collaborative, team-based culture that gives everyone an opportunity to shine. Be the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future, while building the future you want, here at Discover.

Job Description

Do you want to be on the forefront of the next BIG thing in advancing the analytic technology landscape? Are you driven by the thought of being involved at the ground level of an enterprise wide transformation? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast paced, collaborative environment?

Discover Financial Services is seeking a bright, driven, and talented individual to join a team of passionate and innovative technologists.

We’re looking for a well-rounded individual who’s not afraid to roll their sleeves up. We use some exciting tools and technologies – ideally you’ll know some, but we want you to be excited about what we’re doing.

In this role, you will be a contributing member to a team that works on an idea from conception to implementation with next generation technologies. This is a varied role that will require analyzing business and user needs, documenting data requirements and translating them into system requirement specifications.

Responsibilities

Be the bridge between Data Scientist, Model Development and Data Engineering to enable model and strategy development against enterprise data assets.
Analyze data across multiple platforms to provide insights and recommendations to support enterprise data assets principles.
Gathers data application requirements from Data Scientists and other operational teams to ensure that the business needs will be met.
Designs transformation logic in source to targets to be implemented by partner Data Engineers.
Partners with the Data Scientists and Data Engineers throughout the development and testing processes by ensuring that the team understands the parameters and needs of the project.
Understand at a fundamental level our data ingestion and processing frameworks.
Enhances, optimizes, and automates existing processes through analysis and provides functional specifications.
Translates new business requirements into functional specifications and provides them to technology teams.
Partner with business and technology teams to develop data applications. Identify business data ingestion and processing frameworks. Coordinates and obtains data application requirements from the business. Translates business requirements to development teams. Assist with development and testing processes. Coordinate data application and model deployments and validations.
Assists with the development of models, analytic processes, and reports. Provides guidance on the development of data consumption processes
Ensures data governance policies are followed by implementing and validating data lineage, quality checks, classification, etc.
Implements quality control procedures and validates production data. Provides technical consulting on data systems. Identifies and analyzes production data issues and proposes solutions.
Analyses and designs business systems including: diagnosing business needs and related requirement specifications, system development planning, creation and implementation of a test plans, and on-going project oversight. Compares implemented solutions against original specifications and makes necessary adjustments.
Provides support for deployed data applications and analytical models. Identifies data problems and guides issue resolutions.
Provides data and technical consulting during data application design. Provide technical consulting on data composition and data engineering.

Minimum Qualifications

At a minimum, here’s what we need from you:

Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology
4+ years of experience in Data analysis, business analysis, data application programming, ETL development, next generation databases, or related
In Lieu of Education 6+ years of experience in Data analysis, business analysis, data application programming, ETL development, next generation databases, or related

Preferred Qualifications

If we had our say, we’d also look for:

Experience with Project Management, Scrum Master
Experience with variety of databases e.g. Teradata, Oracle, Snowflake
Experience with data warehouses, marts, business intelligence reports and operational systems
3+ years ad hoc SQL experience researching data
Strong communication skills – ability to talk effectively to business users, data scientists and engineers
Candidate to have critical & analytical thinking mindset, along with certain level of understanding or experience working in a DW environment as a Business Analyst.
Candidate should be proficient in writing SQL queries to analyze data, profile data sets and able to logically connect data attributes and data assets across the Enterprise.
Candidates should possess an eye for detail, catch ambiguities in data, and work with the Data Architects to understand Functional requirements, and translate & document the details, pass them to the Data Engineers and work with them hand in hand throughout the data development life cycle.
Bonus, if the candidates are experienced with Customer, Marketing and Financial domains or have worked on Conceptual & Logical data modeling within these domains.

What are you waiting for? Apply today!

The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.",3.9,"Discover
3.9","Riverwoods, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
487,"Associate Scientist, IHC/IF Analysis",-1,"Responsibilities of the Associate Scientist, IHC/IF Analysis:

Perform histological staining analysis (IHC/IF) on animal model and human samples.
Conduct slide imaging and fluorescence microscopy studies.
Perform histological quantification and analysis for assay optimization.
Perform image analysis pipeline generation and data quality control.
Work closely with clients to discuss results and needs of data.
Validate software in support of product management.

Requirements of the Associate Scientist, IHC/IF Analysis:

BS/MS with 2+ years laboratory experience.
Must have displayed background in IHC, IF, histology, or immunostaining.
Oncology experience is helpful.
Must be ok interacting with clients and utilizing interpersonal skills.
Experience with R and data analysis is a strong plus.",4.8,"Commonwealth Sciences
4.8","Framingham, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
488,Sr. Data Analyst,"$66k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Forest Lawn has always attracted unique and exceptional individuals; those who aren’t satisfied with simply building a career, but want to go home at the end of the day knowing they’ve made a profound and positive difference in people’s lives. If this sounds like you, take a look at our job openings....We may have your next GREAT OPPORTUNITY!

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Conducts special studies to analyze complex contract transactions and prepares recommendations for changes to reduce errors or simplify processes.
Identifies trends and recommends improvements accordingly.
Understands and has familiarity with the design of complex contract and accounts receivable software and the ability to quickly learn the design and operation of such systems.
Processes and inputs into computer database complex contract transactions.
Analyzes business process and discrepant data scenarios.
Mines data in contract database using Microsoft Access and Excel and SQL.
Develops and creates studies, reports, and analyses in areas such as, statistical sales reports, transaction exception reports, categorization of transactions by data fields present, etc.
Makes recommendations to management regarding cost saving or profit generating opportunities and profitability improvement strategies.
Prepares clear, concise written reports and presentations using Microsoft Word and PowerPoint.
Coordinates with all levels of management to provide, gather, analyze, summarize, and prepare recommendations regarding Client Accounts functions.
Works independently with minimal supervision as well as in a team environment.
Works closely with the Technology Services development, database and infrastructure team on various projects to gather requirements, document data and workflow requirements, and develop scalable, highly available, and secure automation, data models and reporting packages.
Handles multiple projects with detail and organization.
QUALIFICATIONS
BA/BS – Math, Engineering, Computer Science, Finance, or Accounting preferred;
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills.
3 - 5 Years’ experience as a Data Analyst.
Proven experience as a problem solver.
Must be customer service oriented.
Must be flexible, proactive, and a self-starter.
Advanced Microsoft Excel, Access and PowerPoint skills
Moderate skills with MS SQL, Python and VBA
Experience in report writing tools
Experience working with Data Models
E-Verify Statement:

Forest Lawn has registered to participate in the federal government's E-Verify program. With E-Verify we are able to confirm the employment authorization of all newly hired employees through an electronic database maintained by the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security. With respect to new hires, the E-Verify process is completed in conjunction with a new hire's completion of the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification upon commencement of employment. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates.

For up-to-date information on E-Verify, go to https://www.e-verify.gov/employees/e-verify-overview.",3.2,"Forest Lawn Memorial-Park Association
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1906,Company - Private,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
489,"Scientist III, Pharma R & D","$27k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Scientist III develops and executes formulation strategies related to product development, such as project planning, experimental design and data evaluations. The Scientist III applies technical expertise and has knowledge of various formulation development approaches. Demonstrates leadership and experience in the area of pre-formulation, formulation and process development of immediate and modified solid dosage, Topicals (cream,gel), Oral liquid and /or Transdermal. The position reports to a Manager/ Principal Scientist as described in the current organization chart of the department.

Essential Functions:
Develops formulation strategy and designs experimental plan, formulation and process development work for oral controlled release and immediate release dosage forms, Topicals, (cream, gel), Oral Liquid, and Transdermal products.
Responsible for selection of raw materials, packaging components and process requirements based on sound scientific principles.
Reviews analytical and clinical data and makes scientific conclusions.
Writes and reviews protocols and batch records for process development and evaluation work, scale up and pivotal batch manufacturing.
Creates and reviews technical documents, reports and presentations for cross functional teams. Writes Modules of ANDA's for submission.
Maintain Design history files for combination products. Develop design and development plan.
Keeps updated on cGMP and current technologies.
Additional Responsibilities:
Provides scientific and technical direction to junior staff members (scientists I, II, technicians & operators) to ensure project deadlines and performance standards are met.
Identifies, analyzes and suggests corrective actions to optimize R&D processes, technologies and regulatory compliance issues.
Equipment: Becomix, Tube filler, Transdermal and liquid manufacturing equipment.
Reviews Junior Scientist work.

Qualifications

Education:
A Master Degree (MS/MA) in Pharmaceutical, Chemistry or related technical field is preferred
A Bachelors Degree (BA/BS) in Pharmaceutical, Chemistry or related technical field is required.
Experience:
3 years or more experience with a Master Degree in development of Pharmaceutical Dosage Forms is required.
5 years or more experience with a Bachelors of Science in development of Pharmaceutical Dosage Forms is required.
Skills:
Must have knowledge of Pharmaceutical product development and manufacturing process. - Intermediate
Must be precise and consistent in day to day developmental work, easily trainable and ready to learn. - Intermediate
Must be able to effectively communicate reports, problems or issues, verbally as well as in writing. - Intermediate
Must have good oral and written communication skills. - Intermediate
Must be able to work in a team environment and be flexible to easily adapt to changes in assignments. - Intermediate
Must follow safe practices as defined by the SOP's and MSDS. - Intermediate
Must be willing to work extended hours as and when required. - Intermediate
Strong interpersonal skills and maintaining cooperative working relationships with others. - Intermediate
Managing multiple projects, duties and assignments. - Intermediate
Specialized Knowledge:
Must possess in depth knowledge and trouble shooting skills with Wurster Bottom Spray Fluid Bed Processors from lab scale to Commercial scale.
Must possess expertise with the use and optimization of extrusion and spheronization manufacturing techniques.
Must have a good understanding of complex modified release dosage forms.
Must Possess in-depth knowledge of the operation and troubleshooting skills for various lab scale equipment to production scale equipment: including Blenders, granulators, planetary mixers, fluid bed dryers, fluid bed coaters, incubators, mills, vibrorotatory sifters, encapsulation equipment (Manual to fully automatic), tablet presses and tablet coaters, roller compaction, packaging.
Works independently once assignments and responsibilities are outlined and delegated. Effective in oral and written communication skills at all levels and cross functionally.

Primary Location: US-NJ-Piscataway
Work Locations: Piscataway 49 49 Colonial Drive Piscataway 08854
Job: Research & Analytics
Organization: Scientific Affairs
Schedule: Regular
Shift: Standard
Employee Status: Individual Contributor
Job Type: Full-time
Job Level: 1st Shift
Travel: No
Job Posting: Dec 4, 2019, 10:41:34 AM",3.1,"Amneal Pharmaceuticals
3.1","Piscataway, NJ",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2002,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
490,Healthcare Data Analyst (Accountable Care Organization),"$37k-$72k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Excellent career opportunity. Rapidly growing healthcare network / organization is seeking a motivated and focused team player. This is a tremendous opportunity for an individual who wants to join one of the United States premier healthcare companies. Ideal candidate will have a strong working knowledge of SQL, ISOM, Data Analytics, Statistics & Microsoft Office
IMPORTANT APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: *
Submit: Cover letter with salary requirements
Submit: Resume
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Applies knowledge of data, data structure and analytical tools to research or identify trends, expenditures, and utilization of healthcare providers/practices.
Applies in-depth knowledge of health care operations and systems
Responds to requests for data by determining user’s needs, collecting, organizing, and analyzing data, and providing accurate and complete reports and information.
Works with other analysts to perform evaluate the performance of facilities, practices, provider services, and utilization.
Works with other analysts to perform a variety of ad-hoc analysis and assessments or initiatives as requested.
Identifies, develops and implements methods for improving reporting efficiency for department.
Performs checks and audits of various data sources to ensure data adheres to data governance and maintenance policies.
Maintains and applies knowledge of current trends, practices and developments in health care.
Educates and assists in problem solving to promote the implementation of the health care initiatives and research.
Suggests ways to both increase healthcare quality and reduce costs.
Applies knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, procedures, and programs within healthcare technology field.
Contributes in the data integrity, governance, and data structure standards and policies.
Abides by all HIPAA, Confidentiality and Privacy laws.
Other duties as assigned within the scope of responsibilities and requirements of the job; not limited by this job description.
Supervisory Responsibilities: *
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.
Competencies: * To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Analytical and advanced problem solving strategies.
Strong knowledge of health care models including ACO’s.
A working knowledge of industry coding (revenue codes, ICD 9/ICD10 classifications, CPT codes, etc.).
Strong knowledge of data, data objects, data structure, and industry standards.
Advanced-level computer skills in a Microsoft Office environment
Strong skills in Microsoft Office
Strong internet research capabilities
Bi- or Multi- lingual skills (written and verbal): A Plus
Attention to detail
Report Writing
Problem Solving
Systems/Workflows/General IT
People Skills
Assertive / Reliable
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions
Safety and Security - Uses equipment and materials properly
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time
Knowledge of legal and ethical consideration related to patient information.
Qualifications: *
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience: *
Required: Bachelor's degree in a related area and 2-4 years of experience in the field or in a related area.

Preferred: Master’s degree in a related area (ex. MHA, MBA, Master's Information Systems, etc.)
Language Skills: *
Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations to visitors, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Reasoning Ability: *
Ability to think critically and objectively and unbiased. Quickly learn/adapt to healthcare industry standards, codes, data, and business practices.
Computer Skills: *
MS Office Productivity Tools (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint) Intranet, Internet, SQL & Data Objects, various report writing tools.
Other Skills and Abilities: *
High accuracy and extreme confidentiality a *MUST* .Highly detail-oriented and must possess a very high degree of organization.
Physical Demands: *
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee will have a combination of standing, sitting, bending and reaching. May work at a computer monitors for prolonged periods. The employee may lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.

Job Type: Full-time

COVID-19 considerations:
Mask required within offices at all times.

Experience:
Data Analysis: 2 years (Required)
Healthcare: 3 years (Preferred)
SQL: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",3.8,"Palm Beach Accountable Care Organization, LLC
3.8","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
491,Lead Software Data Engineer - Full Stack,"$93k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Discover. A brighter future.

With Discover, you’ll have the chance to make a difference at one of the world’s leading digital banking and payments companies. From Day 1, you’ll do meaningful work you’re passionate about, with the support and resources you need for success. We value what makes each employee unique and provide a collaborative, team-based culture that gives everyone an opportunity to shine. Be the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future, while building the future you want, here at Discover.

Job Description

Develops and maintains full stack solutions to fit business needs. Full stack solutions require one or more of the following: front-end (user interfaces), back-end (APIs), database and DevOps development. Works directly with business partners to understand business requirements. Works independently or with own team to innovate on and advocate for best practices within the team. Designs complex solutions and leads them from inception to production within the agile team.

Responsible for working with data asset-related technology that has been approved by the architecture organization to move, transform, and validate data between systems, both internal to Discover Financial Services and with external data sources that provide value to Discover Financial Services. Responsible for writing extract, transform, and load (ETL) scripts, data maps, or integration programs to capture data from source systems and to transform it and load it into a destination system to enable data mining, business intelligence (BI) capabilities for the organization. Translates business functional detailed design requirements into technical solutions through the design, development, integration, and testing (unit and system) of ETL solutions.

The Lead position also participates in data solution design, strategy, including resolving strategic data integration issues, such as data quality and stewardship, real time or event-based data integration, and crafting a vision for data integration working with the architecture organization. The Lead position leads the technical design, development, integration, and testing efforts for ETL to create quality solutions that meet the business requirements. Other responsibilities include: mentoring other Data Engineers, preparing detailed and creating technical design plans.

What You’ll Do

Develops and maintains complex front-ends with a focus on user experience
Develops and maintains backend systems
Works with key stakeholders to design complex solutions and lead from inception top production
Creates and maintains DevOps processes, application infrastructure, and utilizes cloud services (including database systems and models)
Innovates on and advocates for best practices and improved team processes; mentors junior team members
Supports live systems to ensure business continuity
Lead data technology strategy, including resolving strategic data integration issues, such as data quality and stewardship, real time, event-based data integration, and crafting a universal vision for data integration, plan and document succession planning within scope of responsibility
Design, develop, test, and implement data-driven solutions to meet business requirements
Perform the technical design, development, integration, and testing efforts for data using various development languages and tools to create quality solutions that meet the business requirements
Lead code review sessions & create technical design plans/STTs
Optimize the performance of ETL processes and scripts by working with other technical staff as needed and document data solution and processes

Qualifications You’ll Need

Skills Required

Bachelor’s degree in information technology
6+ years of experience in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related experience
In lieu of degree, 8+ years of experience in computer science, information technology or related field

Skills Desired

6 or more years of work experience in BI lifecycle, from strategy to ETL to report implementation
Experience in an Agile-based environment
Big Data stacks/ecosystem including Kafka, Python, Spark, NoSQL
Expertise in the concepts, technology, and practices of building data solutions
Expertise with open-source, ETL scripting and processes and related tools
Expertise with the design and development of ETL data integration solutions
Expertise with relational databases and experience with Cloud-based technologies
Expertise in enabling business intelligence solutions through data integration
Demonstrated experience with integration technologies and how to leverage them into data mapping between systems
Demonstrated experience with transforming business needs into data design and solutions
Extensive experience with writing and performance-tuning complex SQL queries
Experience in agile process and technology
Experience with Ab Initio or other ETL tools and components
Experience with the following database and Cloud-based technologies:
Snowflake
Teradata technologies or similar
Python, Spark
Knowledge with AWS, Snowflake and other Cloud-related technologies is a plus
Strong team player with willingness to collaborate
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Strong capability to execute tasks with quality
Strong communication and decision-making skills #LI-BG1

What are you waiting for? Apply today!

The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.",3.9,"Discover
3.9","Riverwoods, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
492,Development Data Analyst,"$38k-$68k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Link Logistics Real Estate (“Link”) is an industrial real estate operating platform owned by The Blackstone Group Inc. Link currently manages a national portfolio of high-quality, well-located industrial assets totaling over 400 million square feet throughout the U.S.
The Development Team is responsible for overseeing Link Logistics $1.5b development pipeline that includes ground up construction, build to suits and major redevelopments of existing assets. The Development Data Analyst will be responsible for supporting the Development Team with the administrative oversight of all development-related reporting, data management, and project monitoring. This position will be exposed to all facets of commercial real estate.

Establish and monitor project budgets and schedules in Yardi for all developments through the project life cycle
Project future revenue by entering and maintaining market lease assumption for speculative buildings in Forecast Manager
Manage project documentation in Yardi and confirm proper records are maintained for all developments
Work with the Development teams on accurate cashflow projections and update as budget and schedules evolve
Coordinate the “Close Out” process of completed developments and ensure all documentation is received and financial records are finalized
Work with Yardi consultants to improve reporting capabilities and data management
Ensure timely payments of development expenses and accurate coding
Assist in ad-hoc reporting and new development initiatives
Support all phases of the Development from acquisition through lease-up
Assist in preparation of the monthly Development Executive reporting and quarterly Board Book

BA or BS in relevant field of study (Finance, Accounting, Real Estate, Business Management or similar)
Must be a team player
1-2 years’ experience in the development or real estate industry preferred
Strong proficiency with Microsoft Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint; familiarity with Yardi also a plus
Detail-oriented
Ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced work environment
Excellent oral and written communication skills
EEO Statement
Our company is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Our employment decisions are based on individual qualifications, job requirements and business needs without regard to race, color, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, religion, disability, citizenship status, national origin, pregnancy, veteran status and or any other legally protected characteristics. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations, if you need an accommodation to complete the application process, please email employment@liprop.com
#LI=MB1",3.4,"Revantage Corporate Services
3.4","Fort Washington, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
493,Data Analyst,"$34k-$60k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We currently have a new opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our Accounting/Finance/Business Intelligence team. This position will work with data generated by a variety of credit union systems to create, validate, and generate business reports that management will use in decision making. This position will coordinate with various business areas to envision and develop report specifications, track the request pipeline and delivery metrics, suggest system enhancements, and create documentation.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Build and maintain queries, dashboards, and reports.
Respond to day to day custom requests for data and reports.
Perform ad hoc data requests and analysis as needed.
Extract data from various systems.
Analyze results of data reports for anomalies, accuracy, and applicability to business unit requests.
Maintain and develop data dictionaries and documentation of deliverables. Actively participate in data quality related tasks.
Identify patterns and trends in data sets.
Provide recommendations and interpretations of data and information.
Assist with application used for workflow and cross sales program.

Desired Skills and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in a business, computer, or data science preferred. MBA a plus.
Four years of experience working in database environments designing reports and working with extracts.
Excellent analytical skills with experience managing large amounts of data from various sources.
Experience combining, analyzing and presenting data in a clear manner.
Working knowledge of SQL preferred. Experience with Oracle databases a plus.
Proficient use of Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel and SQL databases.
Exposure to core banking systems a plus.
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to interact with all levels of end users and technical resources.
Self-motivated with the ability to react to change, feedback and critique quickly and positively.
Strong attention to detail.
Open and collaborative style, comfortable working in an environment where ideas are shared and challenged.
Ability to conceptualize and implement items in a changing environment.

Fox Communities Credit Union is a $2 billion in assets community-based credit union servicing over 104,000 members at 23 locations. We take pride in being a progressive, member-owned, full service financial institution dedicated to serving the community.

Fox Communities Credit Union believes our employees are our most important asset. We offer a great team environment, competitive salary and an excellent benefit package which includes, medical, dental, vision, life, short-term and long-term disability insurance, 401k (Roth and Traditional), which includes company contributions including match, and paid time off! As part of our commitment to the communities we serve we also offer all employee’s Paid Volunteer Time Off! If you are enthusiastic about a rewarding career with a successful & growing credit union, apply now!

Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities.",3.9,"Fox Communities Credit Union
3.9","Appleton, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1953,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
494,Operations Strategic Data Analyst - Healthcare,"$54k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Operations Strategic Data Analyst embraces complex, disparate data sets and leading technologies – including Amazon Web Services, Redshift, Alteryx, and Tableau – to design data models, craft scoring methodologies and develop algorithms that inform the leaders of our business on our performance. This individual will be working directly on Healthfirst strategic initiatives to identify solutions that have visibility at the highest levels of the company.

Duties & Responsibilities:

Operate with intellectual curiosity and critically assess existing processes and procedures to identify opportunities for improvement
Develop complex analyses requiring the integration of multiple data sources, evaluation of data quality, and standardization of data to consistent format/structure
Create advanced queries and reports that extract data to support business teams’ needs, including working with nesting tables and temp tables and writing multiple conditions against varying data sets)
Summarize and present data outcomes, recommendations, and methodology to analytics leadership, department leadership, and enterprise stakeholders
Learn, adopt and leverage leading analytical tools and technologies to further the maturity of departmental analytics at-large which may include the development of procedures in Amazon Redshift, workflows in Alteryx, or other solutions as required
Hold oneself accountable for the accuracy, completeness, quality, and relevance of deliverables in order to own responsibility for work product and consider these factors in the end-to-end analytical process, from data gathering to analysis to formatting and presentation
Employ best practices in documentation, coding style and comments to facilitate persistence, re-usability, and scalability of your solutions
Document and escalate data issues as appropriate
Exhibit collaborative attitude, willingness to work with others on data projects that included working team(s) made of cross departmental/interdisciplinary users
Additional duties as assigned

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution or equivalent relevant work experience
Working experience exhibiting strong critical thinking and analytical skills
Advanced MS Excel skills that include creating pivot tables, macros, utilizing v/h lookups and/or VBA
Familiarity with writing SQL (and/or SAS) queries for analyzing data and establishing business rules and requirements
Familiarity with relational database structures, theories, principles and practices
Familiarity with data models and/or data modelling
Ability to understand the data life-cycle within the organization and its impact on the business
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment
Ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing while demonstrating good grammar, spelling and punctuation skills
Work experience requiring meticulous attention to detail

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Sciences, Engineering, Business Analytics, Informatics, or similar concentration
Experience working with SQL in a professional environment
Experience with Alteryx, Tableau, Amazon Redshift, QlikView, or other similar tools/platforms
Familiarity with statistical principles, such as standard deviations, normal distributions, and regressions
Familiarity with Python and/or R
Familiarity with healthcare data
Balances working independently with an understanding of when to escalate with questions/issues
Ability to work effectively with both business and technical stakeholders

Compliance & Regulatory Responsibilities: N/A

License/Certification: N/A

WE ARE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. Applicants and employees are considered for positions and are evaluated without regard to mental or physical disability, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected Federal, State/Province or Local status unrelated to the performance of the work involved.

If you have a disability under the Americans with Disability Act or a similar law, and want a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to careers@Healthfirst.org or calling 212-519-1798 . In your email please include a description of the accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a position within Healthfirst Management Services will be reviewed at the e-mail address and phone number supplied. Thank you for considering a career with Healthfirst Management Services.

EEO Law Poster and Supplement",3.1,"Healthfirst
3.1","Lake Mary, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
495,Machine Learning Research Scientist,"$113k-$210k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Baidu Silicon Valley AI Lab (SVAIL) is advancing state-of-the-art AI with an emphasis on deep learning, speech, NLP (Natural language processing) and high-performance computing.

Responsibilities:
Conduct cutting edge research in speech and language technologies.
Research and develop novel algorithms and techniques to advance the state of the art in spoken language understanding.
Strengthen the position of Baidu as a leading company in AI research.
Publish peer reviewed articles in top conferences and journals.
Qualifications:
PhD in Computer Science or related field.
Basic knowledge in Information Theory, Digital Signal Processing and Linguistics.
In-depth understanding of deep learning algorithms, especially the Transformer architecture.
Hands-on experience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch and Paddle.
Culture Fit:
Mission alignment: If you want to be part of a team to accomplish this great mission, we will provide you the best possible platform to do that.
Self­-directed: We work best with people that are driven, motivated, and aspire to greatness. Are you the sort of person that, if you had time on your hands, will independently find interesting and useful things to do?
Hungry to learn: We are eager to see you learn new skills and grow. But learning is hard work and this is something we hope you want to do.
Team orientation: We work in small, fast­-moving teams. We don't believe in lone wolves. We watch out for each other and go after big goals together as a team.",4.1,"Baidu USA
4.1","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
496,Data Scientist - Intermediate,-1,"KellyMitchell matches the best IT and business talent with premier organizations nationwide. Our clients, ranging from Fortune 500 corporations to rapidly growing high-tech companies, are exceptionally served by our 1500+ IT and business consultants. Our industry is growing rapidly, and now is a great time to launch your career with the KellyMitchell team.

Data Scientist Intermediate

Required Skills / Experience:
• MS in computer science, machine learning, statistics, genetics, life sciences or closely-related with at least 1 years of industry or research experience
• Strong code development experience with these languages: R and Python
• Knowledge in SQL and experience with big data ecosystem
• Experience with coding best practices, version control and documentation
• Problem solving and analytical thinking
• Strong business aptitude, the ability to rapidly learn new problem domains, and become conversant in the domain with subject matter experts
• Strong organizational, interpersonal skills with proven ability to communicate complex qualitative analysis in clear, concise, and precise manner

Desired Skills / Experience:
• PhD in a quantitative field
• Experience with AWS or other cloud platform
• Experience with Docker and other DevOps tool and airflow or other workflow tool
• Knowledge of plant breeding and genomic prediction
• Experience with web development and object-oriented programming (OOP) and design experience
• Peer reviewed publication and a sense of urgency, identifies and overcomes obstacles",3.4,"KellyMitchell
3.4","Saint Louis, MO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
497,Health Data Analyst II,"$51k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Health Data Analyst II is a key member of the Finance management team with responsibility for developing and maintaining analyses to support finance staff and the CFO in meeting corporate objectives.

Key Functions/Responsibilities:

Leads the development and analysis of medical expense and utilization trend report to inform key strategic initiatives to support corporate goals.
Supports the development of effective medical management programs/initiatives through analyzing, monitoring, and reporting the effectiveness of these programs.
Responsible for adhoc analytics including modeling of benefit scenarios. Utilizes statistical applications as necessary.
Supports Finance department on data warehouse redesign requests and works with IT to establish priorities.
Supports corporate initiatives/projects that require analysis of health plan data.
Conducts medical budget to actual analysis.

Qualifications:

Education:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Finance, Statistics, Business, Public Health, or other related quantitative field.

Experience:

2 or more years’ of progressively responsible experience in data modeling, informatics and analysis.
A background in managed healthcare, insurance operations preferred.

Competencies, Skills, and Attributes:

The Analyst II is an experienced user of claims data.
Proficient in SAS, SQL or other statistical software. Must be proficient in Microsoft Excel.
Ability to meet deadlines, multi-task, problem solve and use appropriate technology to analyze business problems. Project management skills a plus.
Strong communications skills, both verbal and written, are required.
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.
Required Skills

Required Experience",2.7,"BMC HealthNet Plan
2.7","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1997,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
498,Data Scientist,"$72k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Research and Sciences

Qualifications:

Embark on a career putting innovative, reliable, and agile products and ideas into orbit, and beyond. Northrop Grumman has opportunities waiting for you that play a vital role in human space exploration, national defense, and scientific discovery, supporting multiple programs across the universe. With us, you'll discover a culture of curiosity and collaboration that will have you Defining Possible from the day you start. Our space systems connect and protect millions of people on earth every day, now and for the future. Explore your future and launch your career today.

Northrop Grumman Space Systems is seeking a Data Scientist This position will be located at Hill AFB, UT and will support the Ground Subsystems Support Contract (GSSC) program.

The successful applicant will:
Develop and implement artificial intelligence and machine learning models to solve complex data problems
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools
Merge and transform big datasets to ensure data integrity and usability
Develop a process to maintain quality and performance of statistical models and quickly identify enhancements opportunities
Communicate advanced concepts and information in an understandable manner for audiences of varying levels of competency
Maintain an up-to-date knowledge of technology trends
Properly document code, artifact description, implementation, and use cases
Be an eager and fast learner
Work on a fast pasted collaborative team in an agile environment
As a full-time employee of Northrop Grumman Space Systems, you are eligible for our robust benefits package including:
Medical, Dental & Vision coverage
401k
Educational Assistance
Life Insurance
Employee Assistance Programs & Work/Life Solutions
Paid Time Off
Health & Wellness Resources
Employee Discounts
This position's standard work schedule is a 9/80. The 9/80 schedule allows employees who work a nine-hour day Monday through Thursday to take every other Friday off.

UTSpace",3.8,"Northrop Grumman
3.8","Hill AFB, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,1939,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
499,Data Engineer,"$95k-$167k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Click ""Apply for this Job"" below to submit your application. After doing so, please take our 4-minute web analytics assessment followed by a 15-minute aptitude test by clicking the following link:

Start Assessment

Who We Are:

2-time winner of Crain's 100 Best Places to Work, Direct Agents is a data-driven digital marketing agency with offices in NY and LA.

Established in 2003, we are an independent company, and our business has been built on adapting and driving change since the very beginning. Fueled by the grit and hustle of our diverse team, we’re inspired by experimentation and seek to push the boundaries on innovative approaches to advertising. Our teams are committed to growing and innovating alongside clients like Colgate, Walker & Co., Belkin, The CW, Wacoal, and more.

Together, we think differently and we continue to shape the digital space into the future…

We are the Shapers of the Digital World. Join us and become a shaper of change!

As a Data Engineer, you will create tangible value by helping to develop innovative data and tech systems for current and future clients. The work you do directly contributes to our ability to improve holistic business and marketing strategies aimed to meet and exceed client expectations.

You will have the opportunity to work on leading-edge AI/ML, data automation, and predictive analytics projects including: bidding algorithms, image recognition, attribution modeling, performance forecasting, propensity scoring, and much more. The position requires fostering close working relationships with internal marketing teams as well as clients.

What You’ll Do:
Create automated data systems using APIs, Selenium, web scrapers, etc.
Set up and maintain database ecosystems
Build advanced data models to provide granular and predictive insights
Develop AI systems to perform advanced operations based upon data inputs
Visualize data in an easily digestible format
Supplying internal teams with datasets to be used for strategic optimizations
Maintain data integrity and work with teams to troubleshoot discrepancies
Stay abreast of latest industry topics, trends, news, methodologies, and tools
What You’ll Need:
Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Mathematics/Computer Science/Engineering/Finance or related field
Advanced Python skillset
Strong Statistical and/or Machine Learning background
Strong knowledge of database structures and SQL
Excellent quantitative skills and attention to detail
Experience using Power BI data visualization software is a plus
Highly motivated to identify and develop solutions to complex problems
Strong time management skills – ability to prioritize and meet deadlines
Diligent work ethic. Must be self-motivated and able to take the initiative to get the job done
Digital Marketing experience is preferred but definitely not required
What You’ll Get:
Competitive pay & health benefits.
Weekly social, wellness, and team building events
Access to health benefits and many other perks like One Medical
An amazing values based company culture ripe with collaboration, encouragement and camaraderie
Monthly education and training in digital advertising
Access to the best in class marketing technology and methodology
Ability to innovate and make an impact with your ideas in real-time
A fast tracked path to growth based on what you put into the role and your passion for learning in the company
Check out our Culture Videos:

Welcome to Direct Agents: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC-LBxTw0To

DA 2019 Culture in Review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rP12YTMF4Dg",4.4,"Direct Agents
4.4","Culver City, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
