,Job Title,Salary Range,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Senior Data Architect,"$85k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Monday, August 24, 2020


About AvidXchange

AvidXchange is the industry leader in automating invoice and payment processes for mid-market businesses. Founded in the year 2000, AvidXchange processes over $140 billion transactions annually across its network of more than 600,000 suppliers, transforming the way 6,000 customers in North America pay their bills. AvidXchange is distinguished as a global fintech unicorn and one of the fastest growing technology companies in the U.S. with 1,400 employees supporting customers across seven office locations. Our employees live by our core values, including “Innovate to Change the Game”, “Passion about Customer Success”, “Win as a Team”, “Play to our Strengths”, and “Have a Blast”. We are on a mission to create something different at AvidXchange. Come join the team!

Job Overview

The Senior Data Architect is responsible for the overall state-of-the-art data platform and advanced analytical data architecture, which are fully aligned with business and data monetization strategy, leveraging advanced data techniques including artificial intelligence, machine learning and data science. The Senior Data Architect will develop a strategy to improve the value of data, improve effectiveness of information stewardship, and streamline the flow of data within the organization and to our customers. This position is accountable for partnering with key roles (e.g. product owners, engineers, architects, etc.) to understand the details of Product enhancements and technical process initiatives, for creating and maintaining technical designs that align with AvidXchange's overall technical principles and strategy, and for mentoring and guiding engineers and other Architects on these architectural designs and technology standards during construction.

Job Responsibilities

• Determine overall data modeling standards, guidelines, best practices and approved modeling techniques.
• Lead overall data architecture and exert influence across all cross-functional teams including data engineering, business intelligence, data science, and data integration teams
• Lead the data design of solutions for large projects and programs, through expert knowledge, translating high-level business requirements into data models and appropriate metadata, test data, and data standards.
• Drive the design of conceptual, logical, and physical data models to support transactional and analytical systems.
• Lead and participate in the peer review and quality assurance of project architectural data artifact, influence key architecture decisions and report implications to the architectural governance forums.
• knowledge and understanding of an entire line of business or infrastructure sub-domain
• Ensure all relevant project teams follow a common set of data principles and patterns, utilize a standard set of technology frameworks, and apply data architecture best practices that helps increase quality and agility.
• Provide thought leadership across the data community to ensure solutions are built in alignment with platform principles, design patterns, and standards.
• Develop data architectures that are inherently secure, robust, resilient, scalable, and enable API-centric and microservices ecosystem.
• Define data infrastructure and deployment topology by working with peers across the technology organization to support continuous integration and deployment, and DevOp(s) processes.
• Identify the data assets that are deemed significant to the enterprise, as determined by the business impact, decision impact, risk mitigation or organizational impact of the information
• Identify emerging data technologies and develop architectural roadmaps to modernize technology landscape and drive innovation.

Education, Skills and Qualification

Required Experience, Qualifications, and Skills
• Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field, 12+ years in information technology and 5+ years data architecture experience across OLTP, reporting, analytics and/or data science.
• Prior work experience as a Data Architect or Data Modeler
• Extensive experience with enterprise data architecture for transactional systems, analytical platforms, information life cycle management, master data management, data governance framework, data replication, data integration and large-scale data migration.
• Understanding of database structure and modeling principles
• Experience gathering and analyzing non-functional requirements and designing world class performing data solutions
• Deep experience with relational and non-relational data platforms, Data Lake concepts, modern ETL/ELT Automation Techniques, Data Cataloging, etc.
• Extensive experience with machine learning, artificial intelligence applications and Data Science development languages (R, Python, etc).
• Familiarity with data visualization and self-service BI/data warehousing/ advanced analytics tools
• Ability to lead design activities, and influence engineering and product directions
• Ability to interact with external DBAs, data engineers, product managers, business stakeholders and other technology leaders
• Ability to influence across multiple organizational levels including senior leadership
• Ability to interact with all levels of an organization
• Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills

Preferred Experience, Qualifications, and Skills
• 5+ years of direct responsibility for strategy formulation and/or business analytics, database management, data analytics, data integration, and database development
• Experience in the FinTech space desirable.
• Experience leading complex AI/ML service pipeline


Not for you? Check out other opportunities

To learn more about alternative career opportunities view our current openings that include positions available within our Technology, Talent, Growth, Marketing, and Customer Care teams.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement

AvidXchange is an equal opportunity employer. AvidXchange is committed to equal employment opportunity in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. AvidXchange will not discriminate against applicants for employment on any legally recognized basis. This includes, but is not limited to: veteran status, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age and physical or mental disability.

Other details
Job Family
Software Engineering
Job Function
Software Architecture Engineering
Pay Type
Salary
Employment Indicator
Professional",3.5,"AvidXchange
3.5","Sandy, UT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
1,Data Architect,"$67k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Group Highlights

Intelligence

The Intelligence group provides high-end systems engineering and integration products and services, data analytics and software development to national and military intelligence customers. Serving federal agencies and the Intelligence Community for more than 50 years, the Intelligence group helps our clients meet their mission needs by providing trusted advisors, leading-edge technologies, and innovative solutions.

Responsibilities

The Data Architect will serve as a member of the N2W Active IT and project team, providing systems engineering, network engineering, and project management expertise. The Data Architect will support the overall goals / objectives of the N2W IT Program, specifically, assist in developing the overall design of the N2W’s data and technology centers supporting the delivery of the N2W Active IT architecture components. The Data Architect will support the overall design and development requirements of the N2W’s data and technology center capability, and conducting and refining network assessments and operations to the N2W facilities. The Data Architect will perform studies to support the N2W Program Office. The Data Architect will act as a technical point of contact for many of the N2W studies, work with other teams to complete studies / research and develop requirements in support of new technology center N2W capabilities. As a member of the N2W team the Data Architect will be responsible for assessing future IT capabilities such as secure wireless, zero-client, multi-level security, IoT, an cloud solutions, to include business processes and cases for the NGA organization. The Data Architect will work side-by-side with contractor and government personnel to ensure issues are addressed. The environment is a multi-contractor program; therefore, candidates should be comfortable working with a diverse set of contractors and all grades of customer personnel.

Duties:

Support data center engineering aspects of the N2W Project including, identify, manage, and resolve specific technical requirement issues, perform analysis of alternatives (AoA) and develop roadmaps and engineering assessments. Assist the government in developing policies and procedures to build, maintain and leverage the data model to support the delivery of the GEA, As-Is, and To-Be architectures. Assist in the coordination of technology center plans and requirements with NGA transport and data center leads, to include relevant IC/DoD partners (such as ODNI, DISA and DTRA). Plan and execute technology center operations, assessments, and surveys using COTS, GOTS, and customer developed survey tools. Provide engineering support to include assessing data center technology and other network related engineering. Assist in the development of mitigation strategies and exception packages. Work with subject matter experts in NGA and the industry to ensure best practices are being considered / used. Provide lifecycle project management analysis; conduct studies; participate in major reviews; perform hardware, software, and technology evaluations; identify solutions; provide recommendations; plan activities. Brief status and analysis results.

Qualifications

Required:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science / Math / Science / Engineering or IT related degree.
7 years of demonstrated experience in system integration to support a large and complex IT Enterprise, hosted in a data center environment.
3 years of demonstrated experience and understanding of power requirements, management of compute and storage resources, and engineering principles necessary to establish a technology center or data center.
2 years of demonstrated experience with IT cross-domain or multi-access solutions.

Desired:

S. Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, or IT related degree.
2 years of demonstrated experience with requirements development, implementation, or integration with control systems, Platform IT (PIT) systems and Electronic Surveillance Systems (ESS).
2 years of demonstrated experience with implementing emerging cloud or hybrid-cloud environments and technologies.

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).",3.3,"Perspecta
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
2,Software Architect - Dynamics 365 / Azure Power Platform,"$77k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We help protect our customers against life’s uncertainties. Regardless of where you work within the company, you’ll be helping provide protection and peace of mind when our customers need it most.

Whether it’s in accounting, claims, IT, investments, legal, marketing, sales, or another department, come be part of a company where you can accomplish your goals while contributing to our social mission of becoming America’s most protective insurance company.

Are you an experienced Application Architect with a background in Dynamics 365 and Azure Power Platform? Do you have a passion for developing strategy and driving change? Are you a lifelong learner who embraces the latest technology trends? If this sounds like you, keep reading!

We are seeking an Application Architect to join our Enterprise Solutions Delivery (ESD) team. In this role, you will partner with fellow ESD team members, business stakeholders and other IT teams to champion our Dynamics 365 strategy at the enterprise level. You’ll work to mature and implement ESD strategy with particular focus on Dynamics 365 capabilities and Cloud architecture. You’ll provide architectural direction to various groups, mission-critical workstreams, and agile integrations. You’ll identify best practices to help build and maintain an ESD capability roadmap.

You’ll rely on your strong App Dev background to architect application migrations and development on the Azure platform. You’ll support internal customers by providing best-fit solutions to their data needs. Leadership skills are essential since you’ll provide technical guidance to the team delivering those solutions. You’ll implement workload migrations and large-scale cloud-native applications.
Responsibilities
Work with technical and business stakeholders to understand business problems, outline and deploy solutions; act as point person between ESD and the business
Support the translation of client business requirements into CRM solutions
Ensure that client business requirements are met while providing a variety of advisory services around project management, business process development, implementation support, and end-user training
Architect, design, analyze, and develop MS Dynamics CRM Components, migrate data, integrate legacy systems, build and deploy MS Dynamics CRM Components
Use CRM workflow technology to automate business processes, stay current on updates and new releases in CRM technologies (Microsoft’s and its competitors)
Educate and train end-users on CRM applications and functions
Qualifications
Agile project methodology experience required
Demonstrates a solid general knowledge of relevant technologies
10+ years of progressive, applicable experience in Computer Systems Development
Must be flexible and able to manage multiple systems, changing priorities, resolve conflicts and be able to work well under pressure
Oral and written communication skills sufficient to communicate clearly with leadership, team members and customers
Ability to work independently and as a part of a team that includes both business and IT personnel

Tools and Skills Desired
Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Power Platform, F&O, Power BI, CE)
Microsoft cloud application development solutions (e.g. PaaS, Serverless, API Management)
Continuous integration technologies (e.g. Azure DevOps, …)
One or more of the following: C++, C#, Java, Node.js, JSON
Integrated development environments (e.g. Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code) targeting Linux, Windows, Azure
Scalable architectures such as Azure App Service, API management, serverless technologies, container orchestration, microservice frameworks, etc.
IND123
At Protective, we are committed to providing an inclusive culture where all employees fully contribute and thrive. We have always been a values-driven culture. Doing the right thing and serving people are part of our DNA, and we believe that valuing and embracing different backgrounds and perspectives is what makes us unique.

We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to being inclusive and attracting, retaining, and growing the talents of a diverse and inclusive workforce.",3.6,"Protective Life Corporation
3.6","Birmingham, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1907,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
3,Sr. Software Engineer/Architect,"$67k-$138k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Software Engineer works as part of an aggressive team, comprised of software engineers as well as machinery engineers involved with designing, developing, and testing complex software applications related to integration of real-time sensor based machinery predictive analytics with a transactional equipment information database, producing web based BI dash-board views.
Responsibilities: *
· Develop high-quality software design and architecture

· Design and develop full stack software applications

· Convert client’s high level requirements into functional workflows and data models. Convert functional requirements into associated software design.

· Develop software and documentation, as derived from the functional requirements definitions and the selected design approach.

· Collaborate with other professionals to determine functional and non-functional requirements for new software or applications

· Develop high-level product specifications with attention to architectural efficiency, system integration, and functionality in line with defined customer requirements

· Coordinate cross-functionally to ensure projects meets business objectives and compliance standards

· Develop test plans for performing multi-level software testing against design

· Support test and deployment of new products and features
Requirements: *
· BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering

· At least 7 years experience in software architecture design, development, testing, and documentation

· Experience in C# based software, developed in the ASP.Net Framework.

· Experience in MS SQL and Oracle DB.

· (Preferred) Experience in InfluxDB and InfluxQL

· Experience in web development tools jQuery, Ajax, Infragistics, Mindfusion, HighCharts, and Bootstrap.

· Understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle Methodology

· Outstanding communication and presentation abilities

· Excellent knowledge of software and application design and architecture

· A technical mindset with great attention to detail

· Outstanding communication and presentation abilities

· Ability to work as a team member

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Relocation Assistance
Tuition Reimbursement
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Software Engineering: 7 years (Required)
Location:
Millersville, MD 21108 (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
The DEI Group
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"The DEI Group
3.1","Millersville, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1975,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
4,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"About SecurityScorecard:


SecurityScorecard is an industry-leading cybersecurity company backed by Google, Sequoia, and Riverwood. Our mission is to make the world a safer place. We measure your and your vendors' cyber-health by assigning a security rating of ""A"" through ""F"" based on outside-in, non-intrusive data. Our Comprehensive security ratings, advanced data analytics, and actionable insights discover Third-Party Vulnerabilities & Security Gaps In Real-Time.
We are headquartered in NYC with over 200+ employees globally, raised over $110M USD, used by 1,000+ enterprise customers, and rating 1.5 million companies. We have created a new category of enterprise software, and our culture has helped us be recognized as one of the 10 hottest SaaS startups in NY for two years in a row.
Our vision is to create a new language for companies and their partners to communicate, understand, and improve each other's security posture.

What you will do:


As a Senior Software Engineer on the Data Pipeline Platform team, you will help us scale, support, and build the next-generation platform for our data pipelines. The team's mission is to empower data scientists, software engineers, data engineers, and threat intelligence engineers accelerate the ingestion of new data sources and present the data in a meaningful way to our clients.

You will design and implement systems for ingesting, transforming, connecting, storing, and delivering data from a wide range of sources with varying levels of complexity and scale. You will enable other engineers to deliver value rapidly with minimum duplication of effort. Automate the infrastructure supporting the data pipeline as code and deployments by improving CI/CD pipelines. Monitor, troubleshoot, and improve the data platform to maintain stability and optimal performance.

Who you are:
Bachelor's degree or higher in a quantitative/technical field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Math
6+ years of data pipeline software development experience
Exceptional skills in at least one high-level programming language (Scala, Java, Go, Python or equivalent)
Actively using and a strong understanding of big data technologies such as Kafka, Spark, Storm, Apache Flink, Databricks toolkit and Cassandra
Experience with Dataflow orchestration in Google Cloud Flow, Airflow, or Conductor
Experience with AWS services including EMR, S3, Redshift, and RDS
Excellent communication skills to collaborate with cross-functional partners and independently drive projects and decisions
Previous experience working in distributed teams. We are a remote-first company!
Located in the U.S. or Canada
Benefits:
Competitive salary
Full health benefits
Stock options
401K
You are always welcome to work from home
$3000 per year education fund
#1 Ranked Cybersecurity Analytics company in the word
SecurityScorecard embraces diversity. We believe that our team is strengthened through hiring and retaining employees with diverse backgrounds, skillsets, ideas, and perspectives. We make hiring decisions based upon merit and do not discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.",4.1,"SecurityScorecard
4.1",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
5,LabVIEW Developer/Architect (Control & Data Acquisition Engineer),"$70k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Your Opportunity: *
As a LabVIEW developer/architect (controls and data acquisition engineer) you will work with Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) in delivering a new National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) flash X-ray radiography capability at the Nevada National Security Site (NNSS) for the Advanced Sources and Detectors Project (ASD). This radiography capability is a multi-pulse linear induction accelerator, Scorpius, to be commissioned at the NNSSs U1a Complex by 2024. A national project team comprised of personnel from LANL, Sandia National Laboratory (SNL), Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), and Nevada National Security Site (NNSS), as well as academic and industrial partners, will research, design, build, install, and commission Scorpius to fulfill the Department of Energy (DOE) National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) subcritical experiment program mission needs. The LANL ASD Technical Development office (ASD-TECH) is responsible for coordinating and executing these activities.

You will be working with the technical leads for various Scorpius systems to support the design and development of instrumentation and control systems, process control systems, and data acquisition systems. You will also assist with the design and documentation of key elements such as the control room layout, network layout, controls schematics while working collaboratively with a large team of scientists, vendors, and engineers to provide instrumentation and controls systems and data acquisition systems for various Scorpius systems. Your work will have a signification impact on our nations safety and security.
What You will Do: *
Develop instrumentation and controls software utilizing LabVIEW when possible to automate operation of process controls equipment and accelerator components.

Assist with design and testing of a virtual Scorpius software emulator.

Design and develop instrumentation and controls, and data acquisition systems for the downstream transport, detector and global controls systems while working under the direct supervision of a Lead Controls Engineer.

Develop and revise design drawings and instrumentation and controls schematics using Autocad or Autocad Electrical.

Assist with design and layout drawings and schematics for various systems within Scorpius project.

Involvement with vendor and SMEs in acquiring requirements and design of control software to be developed and integrated into the overall global control system for Scorpius.

Produce materials for technical reports, documents, presentations, and concept papers.

Partner with multiple engineering disciplines to accomplish the work.
What You Will Need: *
Certified LabVIEW Developer or LabVIEW Architect.

10 years of experience with NI LabVIEW and in the design and implementation of signal conditioning electronics, analog and digital I/O, and software development.

Bachelors degree in engineering (Electrical, Mechanical, or Chemical preferred) or equivalent work experience.

Experience with Ethernet industrial communications, RS485 and RS232 communications.

Experience and knowledge of equipment rack design, power supplies, and electrical power distribution.

Experiences with NI hardware platforms including CompactRIO, CompactDAQ, and/or PXI.

Experience with the design and development of Data Acquisition hardware such as NI hardware, LabVIEW PXI chassis, various interface cards, oscilloscopes, and digital multi-meters.

Experience with LabVIEW development to include custom drivers for various equipment, FPGA development and troubleshooting.

Able to define, design, develop, test, debug, and maintain LabVIEW code for machine control software.

Proficient with AutoCAD or AutoCAD electrical.

Excellent verbal, interpersonal, and written communication skills.

Motivated self-starter with strong attention to detail and ability to work independently.

Accelerator experience is preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity: *
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
What We Offer: *
We know benefits are important to you. Therefore, we offer an array of excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, generous paid time off policy, and 401(k) employer contribution. Furthermore, you will have access to a health savings plan, flexible spending plan, and superior paid holidays offering.

TechSource has been providing superior science and engineering consulting services to a multitude of government clients for over twenty years in several locations across the United States. We are passionate about our people because we know our people are what drives our success. We believe that trust is the key to our relationships with our clients, our communities, and our people. We pride ourselves on our honesty, our ethical behavior, and our open and straightforward communication. Integrity is at the core of everything that we do.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
LabVIEW: 10 years (Required)
instrumentation and controls: 10 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://techsource-inc.com/about/careers
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.5,"TechSource, Inc.
4.5","Los Alamos, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
6,Sr. Data Engineer - Cloud Services,-1,"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out the Data and Analytics Practice. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Sr. Data Cloud Consultant:

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining cloud-native data lakes
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Familiarity with open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, Keras, or TensorFlow.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Understanding of relational database internals
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.8,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.8",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
7,Geospatial Data Engineer (TS/SCI-Full Scope Polygraph),-1,"Clearance: Current TS/SCI ISSA (Full-Scope Polygraph) required*
Description: Provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The data engineer will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Other Technical Skills:
Experience scripting in Python and using NiFi
Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS (or willingness and ability to learn)
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality
Core Competencies:
Conceptual, quantitative, organizational, research, writing, verbal communication, and graphical representation skills.
Sound judgment and creative problem solving and independent working skills.
Sound interpersonal and teamwork skills to work with individuals and organizations, to include varying levels and types (Government, industry, and academia).
Facilitation skills to bring diverse groups together on issues and reach consensus across stakeholders.
The ability to perform complex analyses and to communicate its results using accurate, concise, and effective writing and through descriptive and graphical representations.
Technical understanding of the systems supporting aspects of the functional areas.
Knowledge of standard tools [e.g., the Agency Data Services Network (ADSN), iCE workstations, Microsoft Office, the Agency Internet Network (AIN), and the Microsoft Office software applications], as appropriate; and a demonstrated ability to learn to use and support other tools that may be added or developed as the program evolves.
Flexibility in assisting with ad hoc tasks and in adjusting as tasks are re-prioritized.
Travel: Minimal CONUS travel may be required.

Company Information: New Light Technologies (NLT) provides comprehensive Information Technology, Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) and Remote Sensing technology consulting and staffing solutions for government, commercial, and non-profit organizations. NLT employs a cadre of experienced project managers, infrastructure experts, system architects, data scientists, web developers, geospatial experts and software engineers who work across a broad range of COTS, Open Source, and custom technologies to devise the best solutions. NLT specializes in DevOps enterprise-scale Systems Design, Integration, Development, and Management, and offers exceptional capabilities in Infrastructure Modernization, Cloud Migration & Management, Virtualization, Microservices, & Containerized Computing, and the development of High-Performance Mobile Computing solutions.

NLT has a diverse customer base and is looking to bring on team members to work on-site, virtually, and embedded with our customers to help them reach, meet, and exceed their mission goals in every engagement. NLT offers competitive salaries and benefits including PTO, Healthcare, access to a vast network of group benefits such as commuter benefits and retirement plan access. NLT is an equal opportunity employer.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $80,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Weekends
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus
COVID-19 considerations:
While most of our work is done remotely during the COVID-19 Pandemic, this job in the National Security Sector requires physical presence on site.

Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Please list any presentations, repos, or other online content that is publicly available if you have them. For proper consideration, please make sure to take our skills tests in this indeed posting.
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Required)
Contract Length:
1 year
More than 1 year
Varies
Contract Renewal:
Likely
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://NewLightTechnologies.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"New Light Technologies, Inc.
5.0","McLean, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
8,Advancement Data Manager,-1,"Announcing an extraordinary opportunity to utilize your existing skillset in non-profit data with an outstanding organization. The Pontifical North American College is seeking an *Advancement Data Manager* (ADM) to join our team. While the College itself is based in Rome, the Office of Institutional Advancement (OIA) is located in Northeast Washington, DC near the Catholic University of America campus (Brookland stop on the Metro Red Line). The position reports directly to the Executive Director.

Are you looking for a highly structured, bureaucratic office environment? If so, ignore this position! The OIA is comprised of a small, flexible, and independent team. While we have basic processes and procedures, we value self-starters and problem solvers. As we interact with thousands of benefactors from around the country and our peers in Rome, our work is critically important for the financial stability and future of the College.

The ADM is the principal architect and supervisor of our hosted Raiser’s Edge/NXT database and gift management process. Principal duties include: oversight of automated gift entry and acknowledgment across all giving platforms; production of donor/gift reports and queries; analysis of giving data; collaboration with accounting staff; and management of database integrity and maintenance.

For consideration, a candidate must have no less than two years of fulltime experience using Blackbaud Raiser’s Edge/NXT, preferably as a supervisor or higher. S/he must be highly proficient in general database concepts, query-writing, and Excel. Strong communication skills and the ability to work independently are essential. A competitive salary and benefits package is available. The office building offers free parking. The preferred start date is October 19, 2020, but flexible. Until COVID-19 restrictions are lifted, this position has the option of telework.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: From $55,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Our office building has many safety protocols in place, including social distancing, mask requirements, sanitizing of common areas, etc.

Experience:
Raiser's Edge software (use/design/maintenance): 2 years (Required)
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Company's website:
www.pnac.org
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/PontificalNorthAmericanCollege
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Pontifical North American College,"Washington, DC",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
9,IT Solutions Architect,-1,"*American Cyber is looking for a IT Solutions Architect, SR with experience developing Government-owned system-of-systems architectures and designs. *

*DoD Secret Clearance Required*

*- Conducts technical reviews of contractor IT related proposals and provides recommendations concerning contractor proposals including concepts, architecture, integration of Cybersecurity requirements, and Cybersecurity risk assessment activities.*

*- Provides authoritative technical and programmatic advice and guidance on the full range of network operations and management, system operation, new technology evaluation and deployment, and user support.*

*- Defines customer requirements for new and modified systems and services based upon analysis of business needs and practices.*

*- Develops and implements Information Technology (IT), Network and Telecommunication requirements as articulated by Program Officer, Technical Division (TMD) Director or Authorizing Official Representatives and provides guidance and recommends metric driven network analysis/comparisons for meeting them.*

*- Advises on contractor IT related issues such as budget planning, project coordination and architecture.*

*- Perform a variety of functions on a wide range of information management (IM) and information technology (IT) issues.*

*- Stays current in the latest information security and risk management knowledge, including new and emerging threats and vulnerabilities.*

*- Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) and proficient in Microsoft Office Applications. *

*- Ability to work effectively in a leadership-type role with minimal supervision and ability to proactively engage with and advise government and contractor support. *

*- Participate in Configuration Control Boards or Integrated Product Team (IPTs) as well as Prepare documentation and present reports.*

*Requirements: *

*DoD Secret Clearance*

*Ten (10) years of experience providing IT enterprise and architecture support in DoD environment*

*Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university *

*Security+ Certification*

*ITIL V3 Foundation*

*CISSP preferred*

*American Cyber furnishes competitive salaries as well as growth and advancement potential, along with generous benefits including: *

*• Health, Vision Dental, and Life Benefits – Short Term and Long Term Disability*

*• 401k Matching – Profit Sharing*

*• Paid Time Off*

*• Paid Holidays*

*• Professional Training and Certification Opportunities*

*\*\*American Cyber is an Equal Opportunity Employer*

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $125,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year

Benefits:
* 401(k)
* 401(k) matching
* Dental insurance
* Disability insurance
* Employee discount
* Health insurance
* Life insurance
* Paid time off
* Professional development assistance
* Referral program
* Retirement plan
* Vision insurance
Schedule:
* 8 hour shift
* Day shift
* Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
* Bonus pay

Experience:
* DoD IT Enterprise and Architecture: 10 years (Required)

Education:
* Bachelor's (Required)

License:
* Security + (Required)
* CISSP (Preferred)
* ITIL V3 Foundation (Preferred)

Work authorization:
* United States (Required)

Security Clearance Required:
* Secret (Required)

This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
* Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail

Company's website:
* www.americancyber.com

Benefit Conditions:
* Only full-time employees eligible

Work Remotely:
* Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,"American Cyber, Inc.","Fort Belvoir, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
10,Data Architect,"$95k-$152k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Role purpose

Thought leader who leads the design, development/remediation, and evolution of complex data systems, landscapes, technologies, and solutions – creates and drives the strategy and adoption roadmap for Data, Analytics, and Reporting
Partner closely with Roadmap Managers, Business Partners, and PMO to ensure responsible, pragmatic, and long-sighted solutions in alignment with CTO and CIO strategic direction; always seeking to understand data consumers’ needs, avoid risk, and develop pragmatic solutions
Collaborate with the Delivery, Support, and Security teams in operationalizing and supporting the data management, analytics, modelling, and tooling landscape
Serve as a steward for data standards, best practices, and governance models and processes
Develop conceptual, logical and physical data models to support data analysis, mining, analytical models, and business intelligence
Hands on root cause analysis, system review, remediation, audit, and best practices
Remediate, re-design, scope, deliver, and maintain current- and target-state data architectures
Ensure technology solutions are in alignment with data architecture principles and target state
Oversee end-to-end data life cycle management activities
Evaluate and recommend emerging technologies for data management, storage, ingestion, transformation, integration, data science, machine learning, and analytics
Main accountabilities

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience (+5y) in Computer Science, Engineering or related field
Experience with Big Data (PaaS) and data science – specifically, ingestion, transformation, data stores, modelling, analytics, and predictive analytics
Solid knowledge and management skills specifically with master data management, data transformation, and database engineering techniques -
Needs experience integrating to data sources like CRM solutions such as Salesforce, ERP systems such as SAP ECC, Reporting tools such as PowerBI, Adaptive Insights, SAP BW/BObJ, and/or SAP BW.
Ability to remediate and improve current data infrastructure to higher performing and scalable one (IaaS)
Ability to relate architectural decisions and recommendations to business need
+7y Experience with Big Data technologies (e.g., SQL, NoSQL, Oracle, AWS PaaS)
+7y Experience with integration from data sources, data architecture (ingestion, data store, transformation, modelling, and serving data to visualization applications) and other business intelligence methods
Ability to regularly learn and adopt new platforms
+7y Experience developing reference architecture, principles and standards for data infrastructure, applications, and integration
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to communicate and influence across all levels of the organization and work with diverse project teams
Drive thought leadership and stewardship around pragmatic adoption of new technologies related to optimized data structures, ingestion and integration methods, modelling and data science approaches, and landscape evolution.

Performance measures

Key Performance Indicators – all advisory, architectural stewardship, or delivery support
Data architecture Integration scope & capabilities
Master data management, governance, and support
Delivery & Roadmap Manager support capabilities
Security policy best practises and compliance
Portability of data architecture – specifically configuration and processes
Scalability in data architecture functionally, reliability, and performance
Legislative requirements
A duty to take care of your own health, safety, and that of others who may be affected by your actions at work. Fully co-operate to help everyone meet their legal safety requirements.
Adhere to all defined local environmental laws, regulations and permit requirements.
Adhere to all defined local food safety laws, regulations and requirements.

Skills and experience required
Ideal Candidate Profile
Technical Mastery & wisdom
Collaborative, democratic team leader
Business Understanding
Learning Agility
Curiosity
Excellent Listening & Communication skills
High emotional intelligence
Responsive, not reactive
Assertive, but inclusive style
Negotiative and rigorous in approach, but personable and warm in personality
Pragmatic but creative problem solver
Sensitive to organizational dynamics – specifically around change and dynamic personalities
Inclusive, but decisive and action-oriented
Results driven, highly organised, and discipline

#LI-DW1

California Consumer Privacy Act (""CCPA"")

The Company is committed to complying with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and all data privacy and laws in the jurisdictions in which it recruits and hires employees. We collect the following categories of personal information for the purpose of hiring the best qualified applicants and to comply with applicable employment laws: Name and contact information; Job preference and work availability; Social Security Number and/or other identification information; Education and qualifications; Employment history and experience; Military service; Reference and background check information, including relevant criminal history and credit history; Social media information; Pre-employment test results; Post-offer medical examination information and results, including drug test results; Voluntary self-disclosure information regarding minority, veteran, and disability status; and Information provided by you during the hiring process.",4.0,"Tate & Lyle
4.0","Hoffman Estates, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1859,Company - Public,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
11,Principal Clinical Data Manager,-1,"Zolon is seeking an experienced Principal Clinical Data Manager for a rapidly growing Biopharmaceutical company in the Greater Philadelphia area. This is an opportunity to be a key contributor to the success of this clinical-stage Biopharma company. This key individual must be motivated, creative, passionate, and driven for results.

\*\*Sign-on Bonus Offered\*\*
Summary: *
The Clinical Data Manager will work closely with the Director, Data Management to oversee data management activities. This role will ensure clinical data collection is aligned with the clinical trial requirements, promotes consistency across the clinical studies and achieves high quality data for analysis and reporting.
Responsibilities: *
Planning, coordination, and timely delivery of all DM start up activities
Providing input to trial design, protocols and amendments to ensure protocol enables proper data collection to support analysis and reporting needs
Gathering of data collection requirements from various stakeholders for EDC systems and other applications that collect clinical trial data
Contributing to the clinical data collection strategy for global clinical projects, which involves working across boundaries with multiple internal and external cross-functional stakeholders.
Providing input into the development of data capture tools for a clinical study.
Providing oversight of DM partners and vendors and work delivered by external partners to ensure delivery of clinical data based on the protocol requirements and technical specifications.
Reviewing Data Management partner/vendor work orders and change orders for DM start-up related activities; ensuring clarity of DM start-up tasks, requirements, roles and responsibilities.
Ensuring data management study set up and processes promote collaboration, alignment and consistency across trials, CROs and vendors.
Ensuring DM partner deliverables are performed in compliance with protocol, ICH-GCP and SOPs.
Continuously identifying and mitigating trial related risks
Actively participating in process improvements, including SOP writing, new systems implementation, defining data management best practices, global standards governance, etc.
Qualifications: *
Minimum of 5 years' experience in the pharmaceutical/CRO industry across all trial phases within the oncology therapeutic area.
Knowledge of industry-leading eCRF tools - preferably Medidata Rave
Extensive hands-on experience with clinical data management practices
Experience conducting and securing oversight of trials and/or projects
DM external vendor oversight
Strong understanding of GCPs, SOPs, regulatory requirements and Good Data Management Practices
_\*This position is office based in the KOP area. __(flexibility with COVID)_

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Zolon Life Sciences,"King of Prussia, PA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
12,Research Cloud Architect - Rush Research Core,"$94k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Research Cloud Architect - Rush Research Core
Department:
Shift: 1st
Specialty: Research
Job Number: 2020-1770
Date Posted: 08/18/2020
Position Type: Research

Job Qualifications:

At Rush University Medical Center, we are committed to advancing scientific medical knowledge through research. We are revitalizing our medical centers with an emphasis on productivity, transparency and accountability. Are you looking to be a part of the exciting, always evolving and expanding new developments in research here at Rush University Medical Center? Are you well experienced in working with a variety of group, single and industry oriented studies?
If this describes you, you may be the right candidate for the Research Cloud Architect position with the Research Core.
Position Highlights:
This position will support the research, quality improvement, and business analysis needs of Rush University Medical Center. Assist in the development, deployment, and maintenance of cloud-based, data-driven applications and solutions to support clinical research. This position will have a direct reporting relationship to the Director of Clinical Research Analytics. Exemplifies the Rush mission, vision and values and act in accordance with Rush policies and procedures.

Position Responsibilities:
Design, develop, deploy, and administer solutions that use services of a dedicated Azure Resource Group, including:
Virtual Machines
SQL Server Databases
Application Services
Kubernetes
IoT Hubs
Manage research solutions that integrate cloud applications from other vendors, including Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform.
Gather solution requirements from researchers. Work with clinical experts and Information Systems to determine feasibility, timelines, and costs of data requests.
Support the Rush Research Core in collaborations that involve multiple institutions and multi-site studies.

Required Position Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in information sci?ence, computer science, epidemiology, biostatistics, or other technical or scientific discipline.
3 years of experience in the design, deployment, maintenance, and support of cloud solutions in Azure, AWS, or Google.
Certification in at least one of the following:
Microsoft Azure Solutions Architect Expert
Microsoft Azure DevOps Engineer Expert
Strong analytic, issue resolution, and facilitation skills.
Able to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner.
Able to prioritize and multi-task to manage expectations of multiple stakeholders.
Able to deliver high quality, timely work product with significant autonomy.
Able to adapt to rapid changes in project or data requirements and changing directions.
Strong written and verbal communication
Effective interpersonal and teamwork skills.

Preferred Position Qualifications:
5 years of experience as a database administrator (preferably Microsoft SQL Server).
Experience with Amazon Web Services.
Experience with Google Cloud Platform.
Experience in cloud container architectures such as Docker.
Experience as a DevOps or TechOps engineer.
Experience with healthcare information technology in the hospital setting.
Experience with Epic's clinical data warehouses (Clarity and Caboodle).
Experience with data science techniques, including natural language processing or machine learning.
Experience in managing bioinformatics files relevant to genomics, including BAM, FASTQ, and VCF files.
Experience with regulatory compliance for and governance of clinical research, including HIPAA, the Common Rule (45 CFR 46), and Institutional Review Boards (IRBs).
Experience with common data models (CDMs) relevant to research informatics, including OMOP and PCORI.
Experience with applications relevant to research informatics, including i2b2, LEAF, and CTMS.

Company Highlights:
Rush was recently ranked among the top 20 hospitals in the nation by U.S. News & World Report.
Eleven Rush programs were recently ranked among the nation's best by U.S. News & World Report.
Rush was recently ranked first for Quality and Accountability among US academic medical centers in a study conducted by the health care performance improvement company Vizient.
The Association for the Accreditation of Human Research Protection Programs (AAHRPP) has awarded Rush full accreditation for three years. Rush is one of the first academic medical centers in Illinois to receive this accreditation.
As an academic medical center, Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois, is committed to advancing medical knowledge through research. Investigators at Rush are involved in more than 1,600 projects, including hundreds of clinical studies to test the effectiveness and safety of new therapies and medical devices, as well as to expand scientific and medical knowledge.
Rush University is home to one of the first medical colleges in the Midwest and one of the nation's top-ranked nursing colleges, as well as graduate programs in allied health, health systems management and biomedical research.

Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.

At Rush University Medical Center, we are committed to advancing scientific medical knowledge through research. We are revitalizing our medical centers with an emphasis on productivity, transparency and accountability. Are you looking to be a part of the exciting, always evolving and expanding new developments in research here at Rush University Medical Center? Are you well experienced in working with a variety of group, single and industry oriented studies?
If this describes you, you may be the right candidate for the Research Cloud Architect position with the Research Core.
Position Highlights:
This position will support the research, quality improvement, and business analysis needs of Rush University Medical Center. Assist in the development, deployment, and maintenance of cloud-based, data-driven applications and solutions to support clinical research. This position will have a direct reporting relationship to the Director of Clinical Research Analytics. Exemplifies the Rush mission, vision and values and act in accordance with Rush policies and procedures.

Position Responsibilities:
Design, develop, deploy, and administer solutions that use services of a dedicated Azure Resource Group, including:
Virtual Machines
SQL Server Databases
Application Services
Kubernetes
IoT Hubs
Manage research solutions that integrate cloud applications from other vendors, including Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform.
Gather solution requirements from researchers. Work with clinical experts and Information Systems to determine feasibility, timelines, and costs of data requests.
Support the Rush Research Core in collaborations that involve multiple institutions and multi-site studies.

Required Position Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in information sci?ence, computer science, epidemiology, biostatistics, or other technical or scientific discipline.
3 years of experience in the design, deployment, maintenance, and support of cloud solutions in Azure, AWS, or Google.
Certification in at least one of the following:
Microsoft Azure Solutions Architect Expert
Microsoft Azure DevOps Engineer Expert
Strong analytic, issue resolution, and facilitation skills.
Able to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner.
Able to prioritize and multi-task to manage expectations of multiple stakeholders.
Able to deliver high quality, timely work product with significant autonomy.
Able to adapt to rapid changes in project or data requirements and changing directions.
Strong written and verbal communication
Effective interpersonal and teamwork skills.

Preferred Position Qualifications:
5 years of experience as a database administrator (preferably Microsoft SQL Server).
Experience with Amazon Web Services.
Experience with Google Cloud Platform.
Experience in cloud container architectures such as Docker.
Experience as a DevOps or TechOps engineer.
Experience with healthcare information technology in the hospital setting.
Experience with Epic's clinical data warehouses (Clarity and Caboodle).
Experience with data science techniques, including natural language processing or machine learning.
Experience in managing bioinformatics files relevant to genomics, including BAM, FASTQ, and VCF files.
Experience with regulatory compliance for and governance of clinical research, including HIPAA, the Common Rule (45 CFR 46), and Institutional Review Boards (IRBs).
Experience with common data models (CDMs) relevant to research informatics, including OMOP and PCORI.
Experience with applications relevant to research informatics, including i2b2, LEAF, and CTMS.

Company Highlights:
Rush was recently ranked among the top 20 hospitals in the nation by U.S. News & World Report.
Eleven Rush programs were recently ranked among the nation's best by U.S. News & World Report.
Rush was recently ranked first for Quality and Accountability among US academic medical centers in a study conducted by the health care performance improvement company Vizient.
The Association for the Accreditation of Human Research Protection Programs (AAHRPP) has awarded Rush full accreditation for three years. Rush is one of the first academic medical centers in Illinois to receive this accreditation.
As an academic medical center, Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois, is committed to advancing medical knowledge through research. Investigators at Rush are involved in more than 1,600 projects, including hundreds of clinical studies to test the effectiveness and safety of new therapies and medical devices, as well as to expand scientific and medical knowledge.
Rush University is home to one of the first medical colleges in the Midwest and one of the nation's top-ranked nursing colleges, as well as graduate programs in allied health, health systems management and biomedical research.

Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.",3.8,"Rush University Medical Center
3.8","Chicago, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1837,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
13,Data Architect,-1,"Veteran Firm Seeking a Data Architect for Assignment in Washington, DC

My name is Stephen Hrutka and I lead a Veteran-owned consulting firm in Washington, DC focused on strategic sourcing, supply chain, and IT Staffing.

We are looking to fill a Data Architect role for the District of Columbia for the DC Government.

The ideal candidate is a DC Resident, has 16+ years of Data/ Enterprise Architect experience, and SQL ETL development/ programming experience.

If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Executive Summary: HRUCKUS is looking for an expert at architecture & design of analytic solutions with data lakes, data warehouses and BI platforms. Deep expertise with data warehousing, data modeling, master data management, metadata, pipelines, integrations, BI, and advanced analytical concepts.

Position Skills/Talents/Responsibilities:
Design and develop cutting-edge data solutions using existing and emerging (cloud) platforms
Elicitation and analysis of data requirements; implementation of data architecture projects
Deep knowledge of information architecture methodologies; enterprise wide data architecture for designing and building data lakes, data warehouses and marts and BI reporting databases
Building and enforcing data standards; managing data diagrams and process flows
Design, create and optimize complex queries for data extraction, transformation and load (ETL) processes
Architect solutions for the design and implementation of Big Data Infrastructure
Administer user access and security and implement user-defined security rules
Define information models supporting data assets of complex data structures represented in various data management systems such as graph, relational and hierarchical
Guide other teams to design, develop, and deploy data sets and tools that support product use cases
Maintain data standards in compliance w DC Government, Federal and CJIS requirements
Operate as a Trusted advisor (expert data architect); helps in shaping use cases and implementation plans
Excellent work ethic centered on collaborative, sharing of knowledge and a we will find a solution mindset
An expert problem solver who is open minded, flexible and has high energy
Skill

Required / Desired

Amount
Designing and development of data warehouses (both traditional and cloud based)

Required

16
Leading projects, ensuring they are in compliance with established standards/procedures

Required

12
Bachelor’s degree in IT or related field or equivalent experience

Required

20
Experience in providing cloud-based data warehouse solutions such as AWS and Azure

Highly Desired

3
Experience with Tableau, Informatica, Cognos, MS SQL and MySQL

Required

10
Knowledge of functional and technical specification development

Required

16
Experience as a Data Warehouse Architect using MS SQL Server, Informatica and any other streaming tools such as Attunity or Kafka

Required

12
Experience with SQL ETL development/programming

Required

12
Experience as a Data/Enterprise Architect

Required

16
Experience diagramming/modeling using structured modeling language like UML

Required

12",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
14,Senior Data Engineer,"$89k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data Engineer at Guild, you'll work across teams to help us build the next generation of data products. You'll work with world class data engineers to design and build the scalable, robust, and high-quality data infrastructure and data pipelines needed to support growth of our education network and SaaS platform. Ultimately, you'll help change the landscape for how we think about delivering education products to learners across the country by building a digital solution that connects students, employers, and universities to deliver education at an affordable price to students.

A day in our open, collaborative workspace might look like:
Designing, building, and expanding Guild's backend data infrastructure, including data pipelines, ETL, data ingestion, data APIs, and data warehouses
Building APIs that can be used internally or externally to serve crucial information across systems, partners, and teams
Translating complex business requirements into usable, scalable data models and systems
Mentoring other engineers and analysts on the team and sharing technical knowledge to enable others to be more effective at their jobs
In this role, you'll expand your expertise by:
Evolving our data products now and in the future by contributing to our backend data architecture
Working in an agile team environment with a high performing engineering team
Taking on a cross-functional role that will expose you to the ins and outs of Guild (working with our Product, Design, Client Success, and Student Services teams)
Receiving feedback through our learning-focused, twice annual Structured Growth Conversations
You'll know if you're successful by:
Choosing and leveraging the latest technologies in data engineering to automate data integration and loading, such as, Amazon Redshift, Redis, Java, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Python, S3 and PostgreSQL
Leveraging your experience to design solutions that will be the backbone of a highly scalable, reusable, backend data infrastructure
Ensuring our data is clean, accurate, and secure
Thriving in fast-paced and scaling environment
You'll join a team:
From diverse backgrounds – from traditional higher education, to athletic coaches, to politicians, to mental health professionals (and more!)
Of learners & problem-solvers dedicated to our dual mission of changing education in America while building a successful, high-growth company
Committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment that you'd support every day
What you'll add to Guild – as an individual and part of the broader team:
Experience building data pipelines, custom ETL processes and data warehouses
Experience with one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, or Scala
Expertise in database technologies such as Redshift, PostgreSQL, Redis, and working with large sets of data
Experience deploying solutions to cloud technology services such as Amazon Web Services
Experience improving software products through engineering best practices such as refactoring, reusability, TDD and continuous integration
A proven ability to thrive in changing environments by having a fast, flexible, cooperative work style
Strong communication skills and the ability to effectively explain technical concepts to other engineers, analysts, product managers, and stakeholders.
Experience with BI tools such as Looker, Tableau, Kibana, Chart.io, etc.
Basic experience in statistical analysis, text processing, and machine learning
Passion for higher education and our mission – Guild is pioneering a new path for education as a benefit in a complicated and regulated space – success means quickly and effectively adapting your expertise
A drive to work hard and plan for how you can refresh/recharge while working in a startup
Something else? Wonderful, we're curious to learn more about you!
About Guild:

Guild is increasing economic mobility for working adults by partnering with the largest employers in the country to offer education as a benefit to their employees via our marketplace of nonprofit universities and education institutions. Guild's proprietary technology platform facilitates the administration of this innovative benefit and our team of coaches helps each employee navigate the path back to school, providing individualized support from day one through program completion.

We also just became the latest female-led company to hit a $1billion valuation and the only B-corp with those qualifications. Our Series D round was led by Ken Chenault, General Catalyst Partners chairman and former CEO of AMEX, and joined by Emerson Collective, LeadEdge Capital, and Iconiq.

Guild Education is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",3.5,"Guild Education
3.5","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
15,Solutions Architect (Oracle Utilities),-1,"Job Title*
Solutions Architect (Oracle Utilities)*
I. General Information*
Division: *Consulting Services
Position Reports to: *TBD
Status: *Exempt
II. Job Description Summary*
The *Solutions Architect *is a senior-level technical resource, responsible for working with various internal and external application owners and project leads to translate business requirements to technical requirements, architect/design solutions, build/develop solutions, and fully document solutions. The Solutions Architect is considered an enterprise wide technical expert and is expected to comprehend, develop, and maintain complex solutions spanning multiple platforms and technologies. This resource should maintain relevant certifications and an in depth understanding of current best practices for design, development, testing, security, and documentation standards.
III. Essential Responsibilities*
Considered the “enterprise wide technical expert” and is expected to have superior knowledge of system and application architecture
Expected to consistently demonstrate or surpass decision-making, problem solving, analytical, communication, and team processing skills.
Will be responsible for supporting multiple large mission critical business or infrastructure applications
Responsible for mentoring onsite and offsite developers and senior analysts on development best practices and helping them through system issues
Work with internal/external customers on enterprise wide projects. This may involve participating in RFI and RFP process as it pertains to system architecture and integration
Must be able to work well under pressure and with changing priorities and should have the ability to meet deadlines set by customers
Act as a liaison between the customer project/business team and technical resources
Ensure development team understands and adheres to client project schedules and service level agreements
Analyze and decompose highly complex business processes/requirements into technical design
Lead business process discovery sessions and technical design sessions
Work with technical resources and other subject matter experts to develop solutions to complex business problems
Adhere to client and Meridian SDLC & technical change management procedures, as well as enforce adherence by team members
Document requirements and create complex technical specifications and flow diagrams to hand off to technical and functional team members for solution build
Design and create configuration and code solutions with a high level of complexity and scope using industry standard programming and scripting languages, working with complex application designs and specifications, using standard SDLC best practices
Develop strategies for validation and testing of technical solutions and modifications to business processes
Prepare technical user manuals and system configuration documents
Complete training & development goals as assigned
Achieve job-related certifications as assigned
Perform other duties as assigned
IV. Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities*
Strong process analysis and design skills
Strong investigative skills
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting capabilities
Proficiency in software development coding in industry standard programming and scripting languages
Strong understanding of security standards for development and integration of solutions
Strong understanding of data flow and related processes
Strong understanding of utilities business processes
Strong business and technical writing ability
Strong verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences
Self-motivated, with the ability to work both individually and in a team environment
Strong presentation skills
Strong relationship skills
Proficiency with current versions of Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Project, and Visio
Ability to travel up to 100%
Ability to work outside of normal working hours, and to be on call and support a 24x7x365 operations environment
Must have a valid U.S. driver’s license
V. Education and Experience Requirements*
Bachelor’s degree in an Information Technology related area or equivalent experience preferred
7+ years of development experience – including: Java, J2EE, Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL, SOAP Web Services, RESTful Services and SOA Java, JavaScript, Shell Scripting, XML, Groovy, Oracle DB, MySQL DB, Web Application Frameworks, Data Modeling, Data Conversion, Data Warehousing
5-7 years of experience with Oracle Utilities Application Framework and related systems
3-5 years of experience with Oracle Utilities Application scripting languages
Experience with IDE tools such as Eclipse, JBoss Studio, Oracle JDeveloper
Experience with Oracle WebLogic
Experience with open source Continuous Integration applications
Experience with Git
Experience with Unix and Linux
Experience with Scripting languages such as Linux shell scripts, Perl, and Python
Experience with HTML
Experience developing message based interfaces including HTTP SOAP, RESTful web services, JSON, etc.
Team oriented individual, comfortable with customer collaboration, constant communication and self-directing tasks
Deep Knowledge of software development methodologies
Knowledge of Utilities business processes preferred
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: From $120,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Location:
Jacksonville, FL 32257 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
No",3.2,"Meridian Integration
3.2","Jacksonville, FL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Contract,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
16,Senior Data Architect (TS/SCI POLY),"$90k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

What Youll Get to Do:

Team is seeking an experienced Data Architect to join a dynamic and exciting data engineering team. As the lead, you will be responsible for the overall vision and design and development progress of a new, highly performing enterprise data division. Expected understanding of industry best practices and data modeling techniques. Successful candidate will be experienced in data design, enterprise data, reporting, visualization, and overall data architecture concepts. It is highly desired that the candidate have a background with creating and managing complex ETL packages to extract data from various data sources and load into a first-class data warehouse.

More About the Role:
Seeking an innovative data subject matter expert capable of identifying new ways to standardize existing data processes and optimizing current workflows
Working on a data development team to provide technical guidance and support
Team structured with-in the Agile/Scrum development process
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Extensive experience with database management systems (Oracle, PostGres, MySQL)
Familiar with Serverless framework (Lambda, Step Functions)
Experience creating Data Mapping documents, data dictionaries and Interface Control Documents (ICDs)
Documented experience improving application, schema and data design to meet demanding enterprise data solution
Documented background in data warehouse design and dimensional modeling
Excellent skills in DB Schema design and SQL development
Knowledge of visualization tools and capable of supporting like (Tableau, Cognos and PowerBI)
Experience with Agile practices
Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively
Active TS SCI with Polygraph Clearance
These Qualifications Would Be Nice to Have:
Documented Experience with DevOps/Platforms: Amazon Web Services (S3, RDS, EC2, ECS, Lambda, SQS, SNS, CloudFormation, etc.), Docker, Ansible, Python development experience
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
SM20J*

Job Location

US-Fairfax-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.8,"CACI International
3.8","Fairfax, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
17,Sr. Data Engineer (Data Warehouse),"$124k-$219k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Opportunity

We are looking for cloud Sr. Data Engineer to join our Enterprise Data Engineering team. Today, the team primarily develops and supports a legacy SQL BI/DW platform today but is embarking on a 2020 roadmap to modernize our data architecture in the public cloud. This is a unique greenfield opportunity to influence a major transformational initiative and implement a modern big data reference architecture that will drive enterprise analytics. The cloud Sr. Data Engineer will be part of a team supporting data pipeline development and management built primarily on the Google Cloud Platform and BigQuery.

Responsibilities:
Define and develop data pipeline solutions– architect end to end design, mapping, and hands-on development - for GCP, following integration, security and development best practices.
Work with Enterprise Architecture, Data Management, DevOps, QA, Release Management, Change Management teams through the lifecycle of the project and agile sprints for promoting continuous data pipeline releases.
Manage integration of data from various data sources, both internal and external
SME on GCP, BQ, Dataflow, Pub Sub, cloud functions, Dataproc
Follow Incident and Problem Management processes in providing production support, utilizing organizational ITIL processes.
Work with internal business and technical partners to collect and document the functional and non-functional requirements in JIRA stories for business projects and technical enhancements.
Collaborate with internal developers and internal stakeholders from e-Commerce, ERP, Salesforce, business team and product development teams in evolving the Enterprise BI Center for Excellence.
Qualifications:
7+ years of experience implementing data warehousing solutions including public cloud big data platforms.
A well-grounded data engineer, technically skilled in modern big data principles and technologies.
Experience with GCP Big Data platform is strongly preferred (BigTable, BigQuery, Data Fusion)
Prefer experience in data pipeline development in SQL, Python, Spark, DataProc, and event-streaming
Working knowledge and experience in Google Cloud Data Fusion, Cask, Airflow
Excellent Python coding and SQL skills
Familiarity with pub/sub event streaming platforms (e.g. Kafka) is beneficial
Prior experience developing ETL/ELT solutions for enterprise analytics
Strong understanding of modern big data technologies
Good understanding of various data file formats
Familiar with Confluence, JIRA. Should be comfortable working in Field Mappings between Source, Target Systems, creating Design Documents and following Agile Sprints methodology.
Support new launch hyper-care and be well-versed with Integration Cutover & Go-Live activities.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with excellent verbal and oral communication is mandatory
Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task, prioritize and execute on assigned deliverables
Able to work with ambiguity and the ability to troubleshoot and problem solve with minimal supervision and guidance.
Able to handle fast-paced environment supporting Operations and Engineering activities simultaneously.
Ability to communicate effectively to all layers with business, technology, peers, and management.
The Company

Rodan + Fields was founded in 2000 by Stanford-trained dermatologists Dr. Katie Rodan and Dr. Kathy Fields with a passion for giving people the best skin of their lives — and the confidence that comes with it. With effective products, a unique business model and a powerful community of Independent Consultants, Rodan + Fields has disrupted the skincare category to become a leading skincare brand in North America. The company has grown its innovative line of products and expanded into Canada, Australia and Japan. Headquartered in San Francisco, CA, R+F now employs 500+ people, has more than 300,000 enrolled Independent Consultants and over two million Preferred Customers.

At Rodan + Fields, you will be challenged to make an impact, inspired to do more, and rewarded for your contributions. We are transforming skincare, and we welcome your big ideas to fuel our ambitious growth plans! If you are looking for a life-changing career opportunity, we've got your prescription. You’ll become part of a positive, passionate movement that celebrates greatness and encourages employees to be catalysts for change. We provide a creative, vibrant workplace outfitted with all of the technology, tools and training you'll need to learn, grow and thrive! We create life-changing impact in our communities through our non-profit, Prescription for Change®, the heart of Rodan + Fields. By funding empowerment programs for students, we teach them how to use their skills to make life-changing differences in their lives and the lives of others. Join us and share your talents as we develop innovative solutions for your skin and empower entrepreneurs. In addition to working arm-in-arm with industry leaders, employees at Rodan + Fields enjoy rich benefits plans and perks.

Rodan + Fields is an equal opportunity employer that champions diversity, inclusion and equality for all. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, military/veteran status, or disability status.

We welcome employees to be their true, authentic selves, without exception and believe individual differences add value to our team. Join our team; we know it will be a life- changing experience!

Regarding COVID-19
With the spread of COVID-19 globally, our Bay Area offices will remain closed until further notice with the exception of phase 1 employees that require access to hardware and lab equipment.

Our primary concern is for the health and well-being of our employees as well as candidates. We have transitioned all interviews and new hire onboarding to be conducted virtually via Zoom video conferencing.",2.4,"Rodan and Fields, LLC
2.4","San Francisco, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Beauty & Personal Accessories Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
18,Cloud Migration Architect - Manager,-1,"Cloud Migration Architect

Cloud Engineering

Deloitte is an industry leader in our clients’ Digital transformations. We recognize that the backbone enabling our clients’ highest aspirations for analytics and cognitive solutions is next-gen Cloud infrastructure. From cloud consulting, to implementation, and ongoing managed services we offer a full scope of Cloud services and solutions. We want talent who is ready to leverage cloud services and architecture to empower our clients to leap frog forward in their technical capabilities. Building your career at Deloitte offers the opportunity to work with cutting-edge Cloud technologies to deliver next-Gen Cloud solutions. We embrace the tech pioneer mindset and always enable our talent to keep their skills evolving at the speed at which the technology marketplace is evolving.

Cloud has transformed the way technology enables the business. It represents a radical shift in how IT services are obtained, used, and managed. Companies are navigating through the various cloud options and deciding between private, public, or a combination across different and dynamic provider ecosystems. Our employees are empowered to think outside of the box and provide innovative solutions to our customers.

Work you’ll do

Client Management: Manage day to day interactions with executive clients and sponsors

Engagement Management: Lead engagement planning and budgeting; mobilize and manage engagement teams; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk

Delivery: Analyze client’s existing application and infrastructure, design target state architecture using cloud architecture and modernization best practices, develop a plan to achieve target state and then manage a team to deliver target state, modernized applications on cloud infrastructure.
Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies
Practice Development & Eminence: Develop practical solutions and methodologies; develop ""thoughtware"" and ""point-of-view"" documents; participate in public speaking events; get published in industry periodicals
People Development: Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices
Engagement Management: Lead engagement planning and budgeting; mobilize and manage engagement teams; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk
Delivery: Analyze client’s existing application and infrastructure, design target state architecture using cloud architecture and modernization best practices, develop a plan to achive target state and then manage a team to deliver target state, modernized applications on cloud infrastructure.
Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies
Practice Development & Eminence: Develop practical solutions and methodologies; develop ""thoughtware"" and ""point-of-view"" documents; participate in public speaking events; get published in industry periodicals
People Development: Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices
Engagement Management: Lead engagement planning and budgeting; mobilize and manage engagement teams; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk
Delivery: Analyze client’s existing application and infrastructure, design target state architecture using cloud architecture and modernization best practices, develop a plan to achive target state and then manage a team to deliver target state, modernized applications on cloud infrastructure.
Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies
Practice Development & Eminence: Develop practical solutions and methodologies; develop ""thoughtware"" and ""point-of-view"" documents; participate in public speaking events; get published in industry periodicals
People Development: Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices
Engagement Management: Lead engagement planning and budgeting; mobilize and manage engagement teams; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk
Delivery: Analyze client’s existing application and infrastructure, design target state architecture using cloud architecture and modernization best practices, develop a plan to achive target state and then manage a team to deliver target state, modernized applications on cloud infrastructure.
Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies
Practice Development & Eminence: Develop practical solutions and methodologies; develop ""thoughtware"" and ""point-of-view"" documents; participate in public speaking events; get published in industry periodicals
People Development: Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices
Engagement Management: Lead engagement planning and budgeting; mobilize and manage engagement teams; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk
Delivery: Analyze client’s existing application and infrastructure, design target state architecture using cloud architecture and modernization best practices, develop a plan to achive target state and then manage a team to deliver target state, modernized applications on cloud infrastructure.
Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies
Practice Development & Eminence: Develop practical solutions and methodologies; develop ""thoughtware"" and ""point-of-view"" documents; participate in public speaking events; get published in industry periodicals
People Development: Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices

Qualifications

Required:

5+ years of experience and certification with public cloud providers Amazon Web Services (AWS), Azure or GCP architecture, tools and cloud methodologies.
5+ years of experience managing Cloud Migration and modernization programs/projects and an ability to adapt experience into best practices for immediate use
At least 3 years of experience with designing cloud implementation architectures and solutions using PaaS, DevOps & Advanced Application coding
2+ years of experience with architecting and designing solutions using cloud technology paradigms like serverless, containers, microservices
7+ years of experience with application transformation and modernizatrion & data migrations projects. Demonstrated experience on multiple toolsets and adaptability to learn new tools and processes a plus.
3+ years of experience with various Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD), Source Code Repos and configuration management tools, technologies and best practices
5+ years of experience with performing discovery and assessment of customer's overall applications portfolio, IT and business priorities and customer insights to create a modernization roadmap
10+ years of IT experience as a technical specialist in Customer-facing roles.
Ability to travel up to 100% (While 100% of travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice.)

Preferred:

Professional certification in Solution Architect for AWS, GCP and Azure required & project or program management preferred (e.g., PMP, PgMP, Scrum Master, Product Owner certification) a plus
Architecting building, and operating global IT infrastructures using cloud technology and services.
Experience architecting highly available systems that utilize load balancing, horizontal scalability and high availability
Bachelor’s degree in CS or equivalent industry experience
Familiarity with R6 Application Rationalization Methodology
Experience with Program or Project Management experience methodologies like Agile or Agile-like environments a plus
Strong Analytical and Problem-Solving Skills
Experience with cost/Benefit modeling and creating compelling business cases for migration a plus but not required.
Strong expertise in developing cloud migration roadmaps and driving buy-in across complex organization structures.
A proven track record of managing and delivering large-scale enterprise IT projects.
Familiarity with Enterprise Architecture Frameworks (e.g. TOGAF, Zachman) and identifying the relationships between business services, information, applications and global infrastructure assets.
Broad Enterprise systems experience including multiple application stacks - SAP, Oracle, MSFT and custom Java/.NET (LAMP) applications.
Familiarity with compliance & security standards across the enterprise IT landscape.
Experience in a range of cloud migration discovery, profiling, migration, and operations technologies and tools
Organize and lead pursuit teams, proposal and SOW development process, contribute to proposal pricing strategy and solutioning
Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations.
Exceptional communication and presentation skills with demonstrated executive engagement and proven ability to present strategic information to, and drive change across a broad range of audiences.

Sponsorship:

Limited immigration sponsorship may be available.

How you’ll grow

At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.

Benefits

At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.

Deloitte’s culture

Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.

Corporate citizenship

Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.

Recruiter tips

We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.

#LI-PTY

#IND:PTY",3.8,"Deloitte
3.8","Houston, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1850,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$10+ billion (USD),-1
19,Senior Data Engineer,"$95k-$167k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Luminar Technologies is seeking a Senior Data Engineer to contribute to the development efforts of our end-to-end data pipeline and corresponding web applications. Our vision is to make autonomous transportation safe and ubiquitous. Far too many lives are lost in vehicle accidents each year. Because when real people’s lives are at stake, driving safely 99% of the time isn't good enough. We just launched Hydra, and it’s capabilities are unmatched: road tracking out to 80m, lanes to 150m, and objects to 250m. Visit us @ https://www.luminartech.com/ to find out more.

*We are interviewing and on-boarding candidates completely virtually until the County of Santa Clara eases restrictions due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Our team is currently entirely working from home, except for those individuals carrying out ‘essential’ business activities.

Responsibilities
Contribute to the development of automotive-grade software for perception and self-driving applications based on Luminar’s industry leading LiDAR platform
Implementation of BigData infrastructure and services
Quality control of data infrastructure and data service development
Automation of data infrastructure
Implementation of data transformation and streaming services
Manage site reliability of data services
Minimum Qualifications
B.S. in Computer Science or a related field
4+ years of relevant industry experience
Already shipped and operated Big Data systems in production environments
Experience in scalability of data systems
Experience Cloud services, Cloud deployment and developer operations
Hands-on Big Data software and infrastructure development skills
Expert knowledge in technologies like Kafka, Kibana/Elastic, Spark, Airflow or Hadoop
Hands-on experience of data storage and schemes like Avro, Parquet
Very strong coding skills in Java or C++ and Python
Preferred Qualifications
Expert knowledge in rational, no-sql and distributed data stores
M.S. in Computer Science or a related field
Operational experience with on-prem and cloud data systems
Experience with large-scale ingestion architectures
Hands-on experience in data streaming technologies
Experience in cloud and on-premises data systems
Experience with Machine Learning and/or Computer Vision algorithms
Benefits & Perks
Location: HQ near Stanford University in the beautiful city of Palo Alto, California
Timing: A start-up backed by industry leaders, at a critical stage of growth
Compensation: Competitive salaries and meaningful equity
Benefits: Comprehensive package (medical, dental, vision, and more)
PTO: Take it when you need it, we are a results-oriented team (not just 9-5 job)
Luminar is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, age, disability, gender identity, results of genetic testing, service in the military, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We will make a reasonable accommodation for any qualified applicant with a disability, provided that the individual is otherwise qualified to safely perform the essential functions of the job with or without accommodation and that the accommodation would not impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. Please let us know if you believe you require reasonable accommodation, or if you would like assistance to complete an application or to participate in an interview at the company.",4.1,"Luminar
4.1","Palo Alto, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
20,Enterprise Data Architect,"$100k-$160k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Beam Suntory is Crafting the Spirits that Stir the World. Rooted in two centuries of family heritage, Beam Suntory has evolved into the world's third largest leading premium spirits company ... where each employee is treated like family and trusted with legacy. With our greatest assets - our premium spirits and our people - we're driving growth through impactful marketing, innovation and an entrepreneurial spirit. Beam Suntory is a place where you can come Unleash your Spirit by making an impact each and every day.

Enterprise Data Architect

What makes this a great opportunity?

The Enterprise Data Architect (EDA) is responsible for the overall definition and implementation of enterprise data architecture and for delivering high quality modern data solutions. The EDA will design enterprise data models, enterprise data catalog, and facilitate the adoption of enterprise data architecture, governance policies and procedures across the organization.

This is a critical architecture role to help drive global data management while refining the data architecture landscape for the company. The EDA will solve challenges in Data Management (ETL, ELT, Data Intelligence, Data Modeling) and Data Governance (creation, collection, retaining and using of data). The EDA will be responsible for evaluating new technologies and enabling Beam Suntory to make high impact, long-term decisions around design, procurement, and deployment of modern data architecture solutions such as data lake, data warehouse, data governance, data as a service and data virtualization technologies. The data architect will also be responsible for drafting technical standards, creating data reference architectures, patterns and publishing architectural artifacts.

The position reports into the Director of Enterprise Architecture.
Beam Suntory is a leader in the spirits industry with a track record of profitability and growth
A great opportunity to help shape the global data architecture ecosystem
Key contributor on the Enterprise Architecture team that defines and influences the strategy, architecture and design of the future-state Beam Suntory ecosystem.
Role Responsibilities
Capture current and define future state enterprise information architecture and information value chains in collaboration with business and IT teams
Define strategies and approaches to advance enterprise data platforms in support of the information value streams. Develop the architecture roadmap and plan.
Collaborate with Enterprise Information Management and Information Security to scope and classified data assets that are deemed enterprise-significant determined by business impact, decision impact, risk mitigation impact or organizational impact.
Define and establish data and tech standards for enterprise data acquisition, cleansing, harmonization, storage, aggregation, transformation and consumption.
Facilitate and collaborate with Enterprise Information Management to deploy standard solutions for data governance.
Work with cross functional architects to define reference architectures for data placement, usage, integration and storage.
Establish uniform and consistent identifiers, formats and protocols necessary for sharing and exchanging data (including structured and unstructured).
Define specifications and publish standards around data transport and data APIs
Lead and deliver on technical evaluations of core data technologies and frameworks.
Work with data engineers, product managers, and enterprise stakeholders to help deliver innovative, data-driven systems.
Monitor regulatory guidelines (such as privacy requirements), compliance-related guidance (such as data retention and audit requirements) and emerging industry standards to determine their impact on the enterprise data architecture.
Collaborate with extended teams to communicate data architecture strategies, standards, and direction.
Strong attention to detail, problem-solving skills and verbal/written communication, including communicating updates, risks, etc.
Develop business proposal presentations that speaks to both IT and business value.
Work in a fast-paced, dynamic global team environment.
Qualifications & Experience
Bachelor’s degree or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Information Systems, or related discipline or equivalent.
Multiple experiences as data architect with working knowledge of data management, data lake, data warehouse, data governance, BI & analytics.
Experience in establishing standard data processes to acquire, analyze, store, cleanse, and transform large datasets.
Understanding of metamodels, taxonomies and ontologies, as well as the challenges of applying structured techniques (data modeling) to less-structured sources.
A minimum of 12 years of architecture experience and background in information systems and information technology, with at least 7+ years in data architecture with increasing responsibilities in modern data architecture practices, leveraging -
Cloud platforms - Azure, GCP and AWS
API & Web services (REST & SOAP)
AI/ML technologies in Azure, AWS and GCP
Big Data – BigQuery, Hadoop, Hive
Data Warehouse – SAP BW/HANA, BigQuery, Redshift, Vertica, Snowflake etc.
Data Virtualization and DaaS technology
SQL, NoSQL and Graph databases
Data Analytics – Tableau, ThoughtSpot, SAP Analytics Cloud, Salesforce Einstein
Data Engineering – Relational, Dimensional, Columnar, Graph DB design
At Beam Suntory, people are our number one priority! We are an equal opportunity employer and committed to promoting a diverse and inclusive environment. All recruitment and hiring decisions are based on an applicant’s skills and experience.

Nearest Major Market: Chicago

Apply now »",3.7,"Beam Suntory
3.7","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
21,Data Management Specialist,"Employer Provided Salary:
$17-$24 Per Hour","We are searching for an experienced Data Management Specialist at our Las Vegas. NV facility.

Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Summary:
Duties include to monitor and maintain integrity and accuracy of data, ensuring that it meets defined specifications set forth by the individual jobs. Maintain customer/internal personalization databases to ensure their integrity and availability. Perform job accuracy checks, identifying job problems early on and ensuring that job orders are reviewed and/or revised in a very timely manner so that customer approval and production may be completed according to schedule and work with different computer systems to process large amounts of data.

Essential Job Functions:
The list of essential functions, as outlined herein, is intended to be representative of the tasks performed within this classification. It is not necessarily descriptive of any one position in the class. The omission of an essential function does not preclude management from assigning duties not listed herein if such functions are a logical assignment to the position.
Review all personalization and variable data jobs, collaborating with pre-press department, sales, manufacturing and Planning & Scheduling team for accuracy and completeness of job notes in order to validate newly created proofs.
Resolve discrepancies, errors and potential production problems before the final proof goes to the customer, checking that the data for the last job is not being duplicated by a new one.
Ability to fully understand all processes of PLI’s card production process as it will be essential in the top level stages of Data Management staging every personalization job for the production floor from data manipulation through final labeling and shipment phases.
Take in-house and existing data from customers and format it for the various PLI printing systems which involve extensive use of commercial and in-house software applications to re-format and verify data files while following procedures for every job ensuring 100% accuracy.
Validate all in-bound data against job notes, personalization specifications, card manufacturing specifications, customer requirements and other systems where the data is needed and will be used.
Maintain all databases for customers that require PLI to hold and store account numbers, in excess of currently issued runs, for future jobs.
Provide methods, procedures and documentation to show availability of stored data.
Generate data, when not provided by customer, in-house using commercial software and/or PLI internal programs to be formatted for the printing system it will be produced on.
Provide labeling support in anticipation of custom packaging to shipping needs.
Take on additional tasks and continue to learn all department functions in order to perform upper level tasks and procedures, aiding in the continued growth of the department and company.
Provide support to the Sales Department in areas involving data management and general technical questions/assistance.
Utilize available assets to further skill sets in line with the IT and Data Management departments.
Supervise and coordinate activities of personnel in the personalization and affixing departments.
Safely perform physical demands as indicated below.
Perform these and other duties as assigned by supervisor or other appropriate management personnel.
Work mandatory overtime as needed to meet customers’ needs.

Required Qualifications

Qualifications:
Minimum of 3 years previous experience in database, computer, or pre-press roles.

Education:
4 year degree or higher in a computer related, math or business program preferred or equivalent of four years related experience.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
Expert abilities with Excel data files (version 2010).
Familiar with Data Base software (Access, SQL, etc.).
Above average math skills.
Ability to multi-task.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, verbal and written.
Strong organization skills.
Strong to excellent computer skills.

Physical Requirements and Work Environment:
The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to:
Sit, speak, hear and comprehend.
Stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms on a daily basis.
Lift up to 10 pounds on a regular basis.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include the ability to adjust focus and see colors with acuity.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is primarily in an indoor setting, but may be exposed to:
Variable temperature conditions indoor and outside (occasionally extreme heat or extreme cold).
Moving mechanical parts, toxic or caustic chemicals, and dust and/or mite hazards.
Moderate noise environment.

A demonstrated commitment to safety is a condition of employment.",-1,PLI Card Marketing Solutions,"North Las Vegas, NV",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
22,Senior Data Architect,"$96k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","EchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ: SATS) headquartered in Englewood, CO, with additional locations world-wide, is a premier global provider of satellite solutions and technology services. Together with its major subsidiaries—EchoStar Satellite Services and Hughes Network Systems— EchoStar offers employees the opportunity to explore the boundaries of what’s possible in the fields of engineering and the business functions transforming this engineering into revenue.

Hughes has an exciting opportunity for a Senior Data Architect. This position will be located at our headquarters in Germantown, MD.

Responsibilities:

Design and build suitable enterprise architecture to harness the operations and business data, develop applications needed for data analysis, modelling and data visualizations.

Configure and deploy applications to get the required reports for system’s analysis

Find and communicate “stories” told in the data using AI/ML technologies

Evaluate new technologies and innovate on new approaches to develop the best solutions and self-service analytics capabilities.

Harness the operations and business data in a hybrid model like data lake, with multiple Bigdata, SQL, NOSQL, with on-prem and cloud hybrid framework,

Develop custom reporting/visualization and design backend data organization suitable using the standard BI visualization frameworks.

Customize middleware data integrations, Apache Kafka, Storm, message broker.

Designing Cloud based framework like GCP, AWS for ETL, data organization, storage and visualizations.

Develop applications using Java/J2EE, Javascript, JSON/XML, Spring Framework and RESTful APIs

Basic Requirements:

Bachelor's degree in computer science/engineering, data science, telecommunication or related technical field

8+ years’ experience in Data Architecture, Data Modelling, Data Visualization, and/or Data Security

5+ years’ experience in Cloud based data architecture and security.

5+ years’ experience in data science tools like SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence (Web Intelligence), Python/Pandas/R, Tableau, ELK-Kibana, etc.

Preferred Qualifications:

Master's degree in computer science/engineering, data science, telecommunication or related technical field

Experience in enterprise data architecture design, building applications to analyze the data generated by a big telecom network, measure the efficiency of the system and identify issues using the statistics modelling

Be familiar and have working knowledge on designing Cloud based framework like GCP, AWS for ETL, data organization, storage and visualizations.

Proficiency in programming languages such as Java/J2EE, Javascript, JSON/XML, Spring Framework and RESTful APIs

Experience working with databases such as MySQL, Oracle, MongoDB/NoSQL, Google BigQuery and AWS Redshift

Enterprise data architecture certification such as TOGAF

Data security management on Cloud, working knowledge of LDAP, AD integration, TLS protocols and Firewall setups

DevOps working knowledge on CI/CD, Git, BitBucket, Jenkins, Docker, Ansible and ClearCase

UML Modelling tools and practices

Strong statistical/analytics background

Ability to work in a team environment

EchoStar and its Affiliated Companies are committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal law. U.S. Citizenship is required for certain positions. EEO is the law.",3.5,"Hughes Network Systems, LLC
3.5","Germantown, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1971,Subsidiary or Business Segment,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
23,Lead Data Architect,"$77k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Family Group:

Information Technology
Overview

Bold. Energetic. Ingenious. Genuine. These qualities best describe employees who work for Ingevity. We believe it takes extraordinary people to create extraordinary results.

At Ingevity, we harness the bold spirit, innate curiosity and remarkable ingenuity of our people to develop innovations that purify, protect and enhance the world around us. Our products enable oil to flow better, crops to grow fuller, roads last longer, and ensure that the air we all breathe is cleaner.

Already a leader in markets in which we compete, we leverage our deep technical expertise and knowledge of our customers’ industries to turn complex challenges into powerful possibilities and value-added solutions. We prize creativity and imagination and we’re always looking for a better, smarter way of doing things.

We know it takes the right people with the right attitude to achieve the improbable. People who understand that there is no challenge too big and no contribution too small. People with the ability to solve and the commitment to stay the course. People who work together to create meaningful impact and exponential results, for our customers and the world around us. Our people are our most valued asset, and the foundation of our success. Interested? We thought you might be, and we’re so glad!

How you’ll impact Ingevity:
Provide data architecture leadership in guiding the development of conceptual, logical and physical data models to support data analysis and business intelligence.
Develop and document data architecture solutions, including technical designs, guidelines and standards for the enterprise.
Maintain understanding of emerging data architecture concepts and methods and associated technology trends.
Deep expertise in data management, data architecture, metadata management, data integration, data governance, data modeling (conceptual, logical, and physical), data transport, data quality, and master data management.
Excellent understanding of distributed and cloud-based data technologies and analytics tools
Familiarity with data governance workflows and leading practices.
Provide technical leadership and strategic direction for the technologies, standards, processes and architectures for data across the enterprise.
Work with business and IT stakeholders to ensure data architecture addresses business and IT objectives.
Oversee end-to-end data life cycle management activities to ensure data governance and management model is effective and right-sized.
Create and maintain current-state and target-state data architectures.
Work with the Director of Data Strategy and Governance to ensure data standards, guidelines and processes related to data quality are embedded in technology solutions.
Ensure technology solutions are in alignment with data architecture principles and target state.
Provide data architecture leadership in guiding the design, development, implementation and maintenance of complex data systems and solutions.
Understand the importance of Data Mastership and Data Flow mapping for the business, capturing both As-Is and To Be states, and help identify the right data for the business.
Establish processes that allow for cleaner integration and effective use of data within the business. Understand internal/external data flow for each of the business processes.

What you need to succeed:
Bachelor’s degree required. Management Information Systems, Engineering, Business or related disciplines preferred.
Minimum of five years’ data architecture experience (required) within a manufacturing environment (preferred).
Expertise in data management, data architecture, metadata management, data integration, data governance, data modeling (conceptual, logical, and physical), data transport, data quality, and master data management are required.
Prior data architecture leadership experience in guiding the design, development, implementation and maintenance of complex data systems and solutions required.
Experience with SAP ERP data, in addition to excellent general data architecture and data integration experience required.
Exceptional business acumen, strategic thinking, cross functional integration knowledge, strong interpersonal and communications skills with the ability to influence and collaborate at all levels of the organization.
Experience working within a data governance team (eg. data governance council or data management COE) preferred.
Ability to articulate the direction of data architecture and what main business outcomes will be achieved at all levels of the organization required.
Able to self-manage and work independently in a fast-paced environment with dynamic requirements and priorities.
Self-motivated and proactive with demonstrated critical thinking and creative problem-solving skills.
Strong Microsoft Office skills - Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, MS Project, MS SharePoint.
This position is eligible for relocation assistance.
This role is not eligible for employment visa sponsorship. The successful candidate must not now, or in the future, require sponsorship to work in the US.

Ingevity is an Equal Opportunity Employer, Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled.

Recruiting Agencies:Ingevity does not accept unsolicited resumes and therefore, will not be responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.",4.1,"Ingevity
4.1","North Charleston, SC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2015,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
24,Data Architect,"$93k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Architect

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ Funding is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses to release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our creative and timely approach to providing working capital, along with our comprehensive accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ Funding is looking for a skilled and progressive Data Architect to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Architect will support database architects and engineers, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will that ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Responsibilities for Data Architect
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and assist in the implementation of data-focused internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Engineering and Data teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing LSQ products into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
1-3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with structured as well as unstructured datasets.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Below experience is preferred but not required:
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.",4.5,"LSQ
4.5","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
25,"AVP, Data Modeler","$55k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are currently looking to hire a Senior Data Modeler within the Enterprise Data and Information Services team, which is a part of LPLs Technology organization. This position is responsible for establishing and maintaining foundational modeling practices and standards which will enable the company to transform the consumption and usage of data across the enterprise. The individual in this role will promote a deep understanding and awareness of data with a focus on information modeling, serve as a leader and data champion on data projects, and adhere to an enterprise-wide data governance framework to achieve the highest level of consistency, quality, and protection of data. Essential Functions: Represent business concepts, their definitions, properties, and relationships via conceptual and logical models and diagrams. Coordinate discussions and reviews with subject matter experts and stakeholders to confirm key attributes and relationships and to perform model validation. Produce models to support the mapping of data in legacy data formats and data stores to modern formats and enterprise data stores. Facilitate the alignment of models across multiple domains. Create, update, and optimize logical and physical data models along with corresponding metadata. Define and leverage data modeling and design standards, tools, and best practices. Ensure naming convention standards are followed, data proliferation is minimized, and data governance processes are followed. Perform reverse engineering of data models from databases and SQL scripts. Design and implement data technology solutions in the areas of master data, metadata, and reference data. Participate in the evaluation of new tools and techniques to improve data management for the enterprise. Partner with business analysts, data analysts, and other technology resources to interpret business and data requirements and translate into data models. Collaborate with data architects, technical leads, developers, and DBAs to design and implement data solutions. Maintain in-depth knowledge of data across all domains and entities. Provide support for metadata initiatives, including, but not limited to Business Glossary updates Data Dictionaries for physical table structures Data Models and Data Flow Diagrams Data Lineage within metadata repository Other Job Duties: Mentor and provide leadership to more junior members of the team. Qualifications: 7-10 years experience in applying data management principles and industry standards to design, build, and maintain complex data model assets in Transactional/ Operational, ODS, Data Warehouse and Data Mart applications, with a heavy emphasis on transactional data. Bachelors degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Systems, Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field. Expertise in data modeling principles, including conceptual, logical and physical data models. Mastery of data analysis and modeling tools, such as Power Designer, ERWin, and ER/Studio. Mastery of RDBMS platforms, including SQL Server and Oracle. Mastery of Data Definition Language (DDL) and Data Manipulation Language (DML) SQL commands. Experience maintaining metadata for complex data environments and ensuring data integrity. Demonstrated ability to work as part of a high-performing team and influence others within the technology organization. Flexible and able to successfully navigate ambiguity and succeed in a rapidly-changing, fast-paced, deadline-driven environment with multiple priorities. Highly organized with strong communication, problem-solving, documentation, and presentation skills. Proven ability to be proactive, possess flexible attitude, learn new skills, and manage ambiguity. Experience in financial services. Familiar with EDM Council, Financial Industry Business Ontology (FIBO), and other sources for financial industry models. Additional Requirements: Experience with both waterfall and agile project methodologies. Experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Python, and Spark are a plus but not required. Why LPL? At LPL, we believe that objective financial guidance is a fundamental need for everyone. As the nations leading independent broker-dealer, we offer an integrated platform of proprietary technology, brokerage, and investment advisor services. We provide you with a work environment that encourages your creativity and growth, a leadership team that is supportive and responsive, and the opportunity to create a career that has no limits, only amazing potential. We are one team on one mission. We take care of our advisors, so they can take care of their clients. Because our company is not too big and not too small, you can seize the opportunity to make a real impact. We are committed to supporting workplace equality, and we embrace the different perspectives and backgrounds of our employees. We also care for our communities, and we encourage our employees to do the same. This creates an environment in which you can do your best work. Want to hear from our employees on what its like to work at LPL? Watch this ! We take social responsibility seriously. Learn more here Want to see info on our benefits? Learn more here Join the LPL team and help us make a difference by turning lifes aspirations into financial realities. Please log in or create an account to apply to this position. Principals only. EOE. Information on Interviews: LPL will only communicate with a job applicant directly from an @lp l.com email address and will never conduct an interview online or in a chatroom forum. During an interview, LPL will not request any form of payment from the applicant, or information regarding an applicants bank or credit card. Should you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact LPLs Human Resources Solutions Center at (800) 877-7210.",3.6,"LPL Financial
3.6","Fort Mill, SC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1968,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
26,Sales Solution Architect,-1,"RESPONSIBILITIES: *
· Lead demos of technology solutions to customers.

· Develop sales-oriented technical implementations of My Acclaro and integrated technologies.

· Provide first line technical support for CMS connectors, plugins, and TMSs.

· Work in GitHub to clearly articulate and track issues through resolution.

· Play a pro-active, consultative role in support of new opportunities and/or new business lines with existing customers.

· Guide and document client requirement gathering and localization solution development process.

· Position covers the West Coast.
REQUIREMENTS: *
· 3+ years of experience in Localization industry on the technology side.

· Fundamental understanding of CAT tools and cloud-based TMSs.

· Familiarity is helpful, but not required, of content management systems including one or more Craft CMS, Contentful, WordPress (WPML), Drupal (TMGMT), Zendesk, HubSpot and AEM.

· Excellent communication skills including the ability to convey technical information to both technical and non-technical audiences.

· Extensive knowledge of translation industry tools and localization standards.

· Strong desire to learn new tools, processes and concepts.
DESIRABLE: *
· Familiarity with any of SQL databases, PHP, Python, or .NET programming.

· Familiarity with Postman and running and/or testing scripts.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $137,285.00 - $216,052.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Localization: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
Fully Remote
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply
A job for which people with disabilities are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
www.acclaro.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible",-1,beyont,"San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1997,Unknown,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
27,"Director, Solutions Delivery Architect (Business Solutions)","$102k-$209k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary

Fidelity & Guaranty (""F&G"") —a division of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (""FNF""), a Fortune 500 company—is committed to helping Americans prepare for and live comfortably in their retirement. Through its subsidiaries, F&G is a leading provider of annuity and life insurance products. For nearly 60 years, we have offered annuity and life insurance products to those who are seeking safety, protection and income solutions to meet their needs.

At F&G, we believe our culture is what makes our company great. In 2019, we received a Top Workplace award, which we credit to our employees' shared cultural values: Collaborative, Authentic, Dynamic and Empowered. We believe that by embracing these values, we will continue to build and strengthen the company, while being a great place to work. We recruit talented and committed individuals to join our team, and we provide opportunities for personal and professional growth. The Director, Solution Delivery Architect will be a leader for solutions that support one or more business functions.

Organization

The Director, Solution Delivery Architect will lead technical resources, either formally or informally, while being responsible for the domain architecture, design, delivery, and support of technology solutions for one or more business functions. The Director, Solution Delivery Architect will effectively communicate and interact with business partners, PMO, other technology team members and report directly to the AVP, Solutions Delivery.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Collaborates with business partners to understand business needs and establish a technical vision for the application set supporting their business partners.
Provide technical leadership to the team, either formally or informally, in support of their application set. Technical resources may include contractors, consultants, or full-time employees.
Develops and executes technical roadmaps to modernize, enhance, and support the application set of their business partners.
Serves as the technical lead on large projects architecting/designing components such as user interfaces, middleware, data integration and services.
Assures solutions are fit for purpose and aligned with the organization's reference architecture.
Supports and promotes technical consistency by following Enterprise Architecture's guiding principles.
Researches current and emerging technology, engaging with other architects and Enterprise Architecture to innovate in a risk appropriate manner to accelerate corporate growth.
Participates in F&G's architecture review board (ARB) sessions and presents solution designs to the ARB for approval.
Actively monitors the application set to ensure it is performing as expected, addressing issues as required.
Manages technical builds ensuring quality, timeliness, adherence to business requirements and budget.
Communicates all technical decisions, issues and risks to Program Leadership and manages technical dependencies within or external to the program.
Performs design reviews to ensure all new solutions brought into the application set align to technology guiding principles and the technology ecosystem.
Exhibits ownership of technical deliverables from external resources, providing review of deliverables and actively manages an effective feedback cycle.
Supports IT leadership in financial planning and timing of solution delivery.
Leads with a data centric perspective, demonstrating a solid understanding of common data management practices.

Experience and Education Requirements

Bachelor's degree in Computer and Information Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Management, Management Information Systems, Information Technology or related field.
10+ years of application development domain experience (architecture, design, development).
5+ years architecting, designing, and integration of large complex solutions.
5+ years of experience leading teams (formally or informally).
Experience with annuity/life insurance systems for distribution management & compensation, new business case management, underwriting, policy administration, and claims.
Experience with life/annuity company operations

Skills and Abilities Requirements

Strong leadership skills to lead teams with a mix of internal and external resources and with a mix of formal reporting relationships (dotted line and solid line).
Excellent verbal and written communication and conflict resolution skills.
Excellent object-oriented programming (C# / Java), secure coding, and analytical skills.
Self-starter who can develop policies, procedures and protocol.
Ability to weigh and effectively communicate different options and associated risks/benefits in order to come up with best recommendations and solutions.
Strong knowledge of API concepts, and working knowledge of one or more API integration platforms
Understanding of secure system design principles, patterns, and practices.

Preferred Requirements, Skills and Abilities

MBA or Master of Computer Science or related field.
Experience with a cloud or hybrid platforms such as Azure and AWS.
Visionary and change agent to provide compelling future state and overcome hurdles to change.
Strong ability to solve problems; Logical thinker.
Ability to organize and manage multiple priorities.
Ability to form strong partnerships with third-party vendors to design effective technical solutions that meet F&G's strategic and compliance objectives.
Team player who is comfortable working in a dynamic, entrepreneurial environment.
Ability to translate complex business requirements into detailed functional and/or technical specifications.
Strong SQL writing and tuning skills.
Strong capabilities in MS Office, specifically advanced spreadsheet usage.
Strong project management skills.
Ability to effectively operate in support of a complex ecosystem of technology platforms managed by internal resources and vendor partners.
Experience with electronic order entry platforms such as AnnuityNet, AFFIRM and FireLight.
Experience with DTCC Insurance & Retirement Services (I&RS) integrations.

Physical Demands and Work Environment

Office work environment; use of computer for extended periods while sitting
Flexibility to travel up to 30%.

#INDHP #LI-JS1",3.8,"Fidelity & Guaranty Life
3.8","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
28,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"Job Description

JOB DESCRIPTION - SENIOR DATA ENGINEER

ClearOne Advantage is a fast-growing company that is aggressively hiring due to increased business. We are always improving our marketing, culture and technology to provide our employees with the best work atmosphere and our customers with excellent customer service. COA’s proprietary software is tailored to our industry and allows the client to receive the best service possible.

We are seeking a Senior Data Engineer who can develop and maintain COA’s data environment, including data warehousing, data ingestion, ETL/ELT, data exchange, data lineage, and data quality. This role will interact daily with our Data Analytics/Data Science, Finance, Operations, DBAs, Site Reliability, and DevOps teams. Ideal candidate will be smart, passionate about data and eager to continually grow.

If you are looking to work in a team environment, a place where you are more a name than a number, where you interact with leadership daily, then please send your resume for review!

Perks:

● For Baltimore candidates - great location, right on the water in the Canton Crossing Tower

● Casual work environment and remote flexibility

● Room for advancement


Job Requirements

JOB REQUIREMENTS

Job Duties:

● Design and implement data warehouse solutions (schema design, partitioning, data ingestion, security, encryption, scrubbing, optimization, etc.)

● Design and implement data exchange solutions with partners and other third parties (secure data integration, file integrity, data ingestion, data quality, file retention, etc.)

● Design and implement data streaming solutions (clickstream, phone, third party services) for real-time/near-time ingestion into the data warehouse

● Establish programmatic tasks and perform unit tests of code and solutions

● Interface and consume application APIs for batch data ingestion

● Work with Data Science group to design, implement, and optimize analytic solutions

● Work with other departments on reporting design and efficiency

● Follow corporate and team standards for design, security, efficiency, application logging, monitoring/alerting, and documentation

● Triage and fix production application issues

● Stay abreast of new technologies and practices to further enhance team capabilities and own skills

● Participate in on-call rotation to support new and existing products

Qualifications:

● 4+ years hands-on experience in Application Development

● 2+ years operating in an Agile environment

● 3+ years hands-on experience with Microsoft® SQL Server, including using indexes, stored procedures, views, and triggers

● 3+ years hands-on experience with ETL/ELT tools (Five Tran, Informatica, Switch, SSIS, etc.)

● 2+ years hands-on experience with Business Intelligence tools (Tableau, Looker, Microstrategy, Brio, etc.)

● 1+ years working with Snowflake, AWS Redshift, or other commercially scaled cloud data warehouse provider

● 1+ years working in Amazon Web Services (AWS) or other cloud environment

● Awareness of analytics tools (R, SPSS, SAS, etc.), machine learning (Jupyter, etc.), artificial intelligence

● Working knowledge of encryption protocols and data scrubbing methods

● Working knowledge of data streaming tools and methods for real-time/near-time data availability

● Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field / equivalent experience

● Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, rapid growth environment

● Ability to solve problems and learn business rules and processes

● Ability to demonstrate strategic, data-driven thinking combined with efficient implementation

● Ability to communicate clearly and effectively to both technical peers and business customers

● Ability work on a team as well as complete projects and tasks individually

● Hands-on, self-starter with a positive attitude and strong work ethic

● Authorized to work on US. At this time, ClearOne cannot offer sponsorship.

Technical Skills:

● Required – Microsoft SQL Server 2016-2019, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Snowflake, Fivetran, Python, SFTP, Tableau, Amazon Web Services, JSON, GitHub

● Preferred – MongoDB, NewRelic, JavaScript, .NET Core 3.1, Confluent, Kafka, R, Jupyter

AAP/EEO Statement:

Clear One Advantage provides equal employment opportunity to all employees and job seekers without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under federal, state or local laws.",4.4,"ClearOne Advantage
4.4",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
29,Senior Data Engineer,"$74k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data Engineer on our Facility Data team, you will develop and maintain database functionality to support corporate products and services. Primarily, your focus will be on mastering facility and quality data for display on the Healthgrades.com website. While serving as a technical leader, you will collaborate with cross-functional database and product development teams using Agile / Scrum, Open Source and Microsoft technologies.

In your role, you will implement database technologies and development processes to support development of an Enterprise Data Platform that is changing the game. On this product, we are currently transitioning our Microsoft technology stacks to other Open Source technologies so experience with Scala, Spark SQL, Python, StreamSets, Reltio, AWS S3, Kafka and Redis is preferred. If you are interested in growing your expertise in these technologies, this will be an exciting opportunity for you.

What you will do:
Participate in the collaborative design and development of specialized data structures for the purpose of data consumption by a public facing website
Develop a data management framework that is effective, scalable and reliable
Be the subject matter expert for consumption layer data, providing guidance to teams on best practices, capabilities and limitations
Research and prototype new technologies
Oversee data transformation, normalization, cleansing, aggregation, workflow management and business rule application
Load, process and manage incoming data feeds
Contribute to the development of architectural roadmaps and perform periodic reviews to identify improvement opportunities.
Enable integration and deployment tools and methods for managing reliable development life cycle routines
What you will bring:
Significant experience in SQL, troubleshooting stored procedures, and ETL applications
Experience developing and deploying data applications using Open Source frameworks like Kafka, AWS S3, StreamSets and Redis
Data modeling and corporate-level data management experience
5+ years' experience with complex database management systems
Fluency in several programming languages such as Python, Scala or Java
SQL Programming / ETL and data architecture management experience
Define and manage critical data using Master Data Management solutions
Ability to perform Unit Tests and internal QA checks
Good collaboration and idea sharing in a team environment
A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred
Previous experience with Microsoft SQL Server is a plus
It's Nice If You Bring This Too:
Data modeling and corporate-level data management experience
Previously worked with Windows Workflow Foundation, Windows Workflow Designer and Windows Presentation Foundation technologies
Experience with Reltio, Snowflake, and Kafka is a plus
Why Healthgrades?

At Healthgrades, we recognize that our people drive our greatest achievements. We are passionate about maintaining a fulfilling, rewarding and energetic work environment while setting the stage for continued success.
Meaningful Work Connecting millions with their healthcare providers
Changing the Game evolving culture with career advancement opportunities
Community Builders partnering with local charity and wellness initiatives
Robust Perks generous PTO, 401k contributions, tuition assistance, entertainment discounts and more!",2.9,"Healthgrades
2.9","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
30,"Director Data Architect, Enterprise Information Architecture and Strategy Global Drug Development (GDD)","$215k-$343k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference.

Key Responsibilities:

Leads the development and maintenance of the GDD information and data architecture blueprints. Accountable for driving information architecture decisions for GDD digital capabilities in alignment with enterprise information and data architecture principles. Collaborate with the EIM Data Capability Group (DCG) for GDD, Partner with GDD IT Business Partner(s), Enterprise Architecture, and Business Unit stakeholders to develop and sustain the GDD information strategy and target information architecture. Drives decisions on appropriate information and data integration architecture patterns. Partners with IT capability delivery teams to ensure adherence to Enterprise Information Architecture principles, guidelines, and standards.

Lead a team of 3-5 data architects (contingent workforce) to achieve the GDD information strategy and architecture objectives.

Responsibilities:

Lead the GDD information architecture team
Develop and sustain a GDD focused information strategy and appropriate data management strategy in collaboration with appropriate stakeholders including IT Partnering, various functional leadership teams and applicable EIM DCG (Data Capability Groups) data partner teams.
Develop and sustain target information architecture and roadmap(s) for GDD.
Develop and sustain data strategy for GDD in collaboration with appropriate stakeholders including Data Governance, Data Stewardship, Data Lake Build team(s), Reporting & Analytics Platform team(s), IT Business Partners, and Business Unit stakeholders.
Develop GDD specific data architecture principles, guidelines, and standards. Influence Enterprise Information and Data Architecture principles, guidelines, and standards when and where required.
Drive information architecture decisions on GDD data flows, conceptual data models, ontologies/taxonomies and hierarchies as needed to support the enterprise data supply chain in partnership with various IT and functional teams.
Ensure that the target information and data architecture is understood and implemented by the relevant IT Capability Delivery Team(s) and IT Partnering.
Represent EIM at key operating mechanisms like the Enterprise Architecture forums, Data Governance and Privacy Councils, etc. as needed.
Develop sustainable, reusable design patterns and best practices that can be leveraged by the enterprise.
Advocate data security and the appropriate use of information and data within the target information and data architecture.

Key Competencies:

Required:

10+ years’ experience in information technology designing, implementing, and/or supporting analytic platforms (data warehouse, data hub, ETL/transformations, and/or Business Intelligence) related activities satisfying complex information needs.
3+ years of experience implementing Clinical Development IT and technology solutions.
10+ years’ experience in an information technology related field within the life sciences industry.
Experience with Big Data, Master Data Management (MDM), Data Visualization, and/or Data Virtualization for both structured and/or unstructured data.

Ideal Candidates Would Also Have:

2+ years as an Enterprise Data Architect role in Healthcare or Life Sciences.
Experience deploying Analytic Platforms in a Cloud and On-Premise environment.
Experience working with international clients with a globally dispersed team.
Prior experience in working with global life sciences discovery or clinical data is a plus

Other Qualifications:

Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Computer Engineering or equivalent experience is required.

Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.

Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.",4.1,"Bristol Myers Squibb
4.1","New Brunswick, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,1858,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
31,Data Architect,"$93k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Architect

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ Funding is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses to release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our creative and timely approach to providing working capital, along with our comprehensive accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ Funding is looking for a skilled and progressive Data Architect to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Architect will support database architects and engineers, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will that ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Responsibilities for Data Architect
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and assist in the implementation of data-focused internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Engineering and Data teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing LSQ products into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
1-3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with structured as well as unstructured datasets.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Below experience is preferred but not required:
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.",4.5,"LSQ
4.5","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
32,MMS Data Manager,-1,"Multi-Media GIS Data Manager

Duty location: Springfield VA/Ft Bragg NC

Job Description

The Multimedia GIS Data Manager designs and delivers operations research applications (databases, websites, tools, and products) that are geospatially enabled to support a multitude of intelligence issues. Develop automation to streamline GA and IA processes to improve consistency and quality. Based on intelligence requirements, they develop new geospatial methods and technologies from an operations research framework. Work with graphic cartographers, graphic designers, and ESRI technologies to implement and maintain geographic visualization standards. Provide a full range of support in the production and maintenance of finished GEOINT Services through web map services designed for the creation of Sponsor products, working with ESRI Portal technology to develop and maintain services that implement geographic visualization standards, and facilitate their use in the production of Sponsor GEOINT products.

Qualifications

Desired Skills:

Design, develop, and deliver operations research applications (databases, websites, tools, and products) that are geospatially enabled to support a multitude of intelligence issues

Utilize advanced programming techniques, using the following: HTML 5/Javascript, ArcObjects, Python, Model Builder, Oracle, SQL, GIScience, Geospatial Analysis, Statistics, ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Server, Arc SDE, ArcIMS, SPSS, SAS

Customize ArcGIS templates, Manage ArcGIS Portals, and Customize ESRI StoryMap Templates.

Use NET, Python, C++ and/or JAVA programming for web interface development and geodatabase development.

Clearance Required: TS/SCI

About AEVEX Aerospace

AEVEX Aerospace, headquartered in Solana Beach, California, supports the U.S. national security mission around the world by providing full-spectrum airborne intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance solutions. The company’s capabilities include custom design and engineering, sensor integration and sustainment, aircraft modification and certification, mission operations services, advanced intelligence data processing, exploitation, and dissemination solutions, and tailored hardware and software mission-system tools. With over 600 professionals, AEVEX uses agile and customized approaches to rapidly define, develop and deliver specialized solutions for airborne intelligence requirements to DoD, other government agencies, and commercial businesses. AEVEX has major offices in California, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Ohio, and Virginia.

AEVEX Aerospace is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.8,"AEVEX AEROSPACE
3.8","Springfield, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
33,Solutions Architect,"$60k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are seeking a business-side solutions architect with extensive experience working with SharePoint Online and the combined product offering of the Office 365 ecosystem. Our ideal candidate has experience building SharePoint sites where User Interface and User Experience come together with backend functionality to meet defined business needs.

While basic coding knowledge would be required, this is not a development role (working with code to build applications) but rather to build SharePoint sites and solutions using OOTB SharePoint functionality and other business-side add-on tools. Our ideal candidate would be technically proficient when it comes to the business applications in the Office 365 suite, particularly SharePoint, Excel, Flow/Power Automate, PowerApps, and other tools designed for business users to build engaging, effective SharePoint Online sites and solutions.
Responsibilities *
Leverage Office 365 technology, using SharePoint online sites/lists, workflows, calendars, etc. to build business solutions
Integrate Office 365 technologies such as PowerBI, Teams, PowerApps, etc. to extend and enhance business solutions
Develop SharePoint sites using OOTB functionality, page and site templates, and add-on tools if needed
Implement and configure web parts, lists, libraries, views, forms, and other SharePoint solutions
Create SharePoint sites in Modern UI
Build forms and workflows using Office 365 tools including Flow and PowerApps
Implement migration plans for migrating content and data to SharePoint Online
Create other work productivity tools such as shared calendars using SharePoint web and app parts
Work with users to understand their needs, translate business needs into design requirements and gather additional requirements to create a SharePoint site that meets those needs
Communicate complex technical issues to non-technical business users and stakeholders in a simple, concise, and direct manner
Train end-users via in-person presentations, web meetings, and documentation
Maintain documentation and build PowerBI reports to track work
Qualifications Technical - Required *
Advanced proficiency (5+ years' experience) in the following tools: *
Strong SharePoint online skills and experience including:
Modern and Classic UI
Hub Sites and Site Collections
Managed Metadata and Term Store
Access control groups
Inheritance
Security and compliance center
Creating custom views
SPFx Web Parts and Apps
PowerApps
Flow/PowerAutomate
SharePoint Designer
InfoPath
User Interface/ Front-end design work using business-side CSS toolsets
Proficiency in MS Word, PPT, and OneNote, as well as Internet research tools
Proficient in using Excel to report on data in meaningful displays incorporating pivot tables, graphs, and charts in a way that facilitates business and operational insights.
Intermediate proficiency (2-4 years' experience) in the following tools: *
PowerBI
Bot Framework SDK, JavaScript Client SDK (Teams)
Microsoft Visio
Experience in building automated workflows in tools such as AgilePoint, Nintex, etc.
Knowledge of Sharegate, KnowledgeLake, Third-party SharePoint tools
Adobe Creative Suite/Adobe Sign
Experience in an analytics-focused role or role reporting on content usage
Non-Technical - Required*
Ability to work with constantly changing with shifting priorities, adapt quickly
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and guidance
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment
Ability to effectively prioritize workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
Ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to various audiences
Ability to gather requirements, write functional/technical specifications, and communicate them
Ability to communicate technical information to a non-technical audience
Attention to detail with an objective problem-solving attitude
Professional attitude and service orientation; team player
Non-Technical - Preferred*
Experience working in content management, document management, asset management, and/or knowledge management; understands the roles of metadata, user experience, and other key aspects of effectively managing information for business users.
Strategic IT project management and familiarity with agile software development
Experience in a consulting role with highly developed business acumen
A service-oriented mentality and refined interpersonal skills
Required Experience *
College degree in Computer Science, Business, or substitution with 6+ years' experience.
6+ years of experience working with SharePoint, SharePoint Designer and Classic UI
5+ years of experience working with Office 365, Forms, CSS & HTML
2+ years of experience working with Microsoft Teams, PowerBI, PowerApps, Flow, and Modern UI
We offer competitive pay and great benefits!*
Vacation paid time off
Personal sick paid time off
11 paid holidays
Medical insurance benefits
Dental insurance benefits
Company-paid life insurance benefit
Optional supplemental and dependent life insurance benefits
401(k)
*. . .and more!*
Required License or Certification: *Valid TX Driver's License
Our application process includes criminal background checks and drug screens.*
Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Adobe Creative Suite/Adobe Sign: 2 years (Required)
SharePoint, SharePoint Designer, & Classic UI: 6 years (Required)
Office 365, Forms, CSS & HTML: 5 years (Required)
Microsoft Teams, PowerBI, PowerApps, Flow, & Modern UI: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Are you willing to undergo a pre-employment drug screen?",3.8,"Westdale Asset Management
3.8","Dallas, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
34,Sr Data Engineer,-1,"We are looking for a Senior Data Engineer to work with one of our US-based clients, who is reinventing the delivery of health and human services. Our client’s collaborative platform unites healthcare providers, government, and the community around the common goal of improving health outcomes for everyone.

Data has long been a foundation of our client’s system and their requirements around data have grown more sophisticated and central to their mission. They are now harvesting the data in the platform and transforming it into an actionable source of information that stakeholders use to understand the impact that Social Determinants of Health are having on communities.

The company is made up of 160 professionals, including QAs, Product Managers, and 30 Engineers, mostly based in the NY area. Some of the main technologies used are APIs, Ruby on Rails, Golang, Lambda AWS, Neo4J running on EC2 nodes, MySQL, Postgres, microservices, enterprise data warehouse, Redshift, and Tableau. The team is currently working on a single-page application on front-end technologies such as React and JavaScript.

Our client is looking for people to join their team who share a passion for their mission to reinvent Health & Human Services and aspire to make a lasting difference for future generations.
You are the one if you have:
Strong experience building Data Warehouses using Spark and Python or Java
Strong experience using Scala for data transformations
Vast knowledge about ETL processes and Data Lakes
Experience with AWS (S3, Redshift Spectrum)
It’s a bonus if you have experience working with:
Tableau
Neo4J
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Engineer role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
35,Data Architect,"$102k-$161k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At FHLB Des Moines, we work each day to develop an inclusive culture that supports and leverages the complexity of a diverse workforce. This enables us to effectively serve the needs of our members and help them succeed.

Responsibilities/Duties/Function/Tasks:
Collaborate with technical teams and management to devise information strategy and roadmaps for the management of Bank data.
Support, guide and develop data models and solutions for the enterprise data warehouse (i.e. the “Hub”), enterprise reporting, applications and other data-related initiatives. Integrate technical functionality such as scalability, security, performance, recovery, reliability, etc.
Produce data architecture standards and policies guiding data development, business intelligence and report development.
Provide thought leadership for the Bank’s Information Governance metadata and control framework.
Carefully listen to management, analysts and relevant staff to develop the best data architecture and design.
Ensure data-related projects align with the data architecture and business goals by reviewing solution architectures and designs for adherence to applicable standards and policies.
Contribute as needed to architecture reviews and the information governance function.
Manage metadata repositories for the Bank, which includes data models, data dictionaries, data lineage and data quality controls to keep pace with business development and technology modernization.
Manage data architecture artifacts to keep them current, accurate, relevant and accessible.
Evangelize and consult on data architecture in order to promote the efficient, effective, accurate and secure use of data throughout the organization.
Effectively advise and direct data team members and application developers on data development practices, report development and business intelligence efforts to align with data architecture standards, policies and procedures.
Conduct code reviews for data development, reporting and business intelligence development as necessary.
Perform technical analysis and support of ad-hoc and standard reporting, business information requests and other data-related issues as needed.
Research, identify and evaluate current and upcoming data management and development technologies.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
BS degree in finance, engineering, computer science or equivalent experience.
10 years of system design and development experience in data-related positions including data architecture, data modeling, ETL, database administration, database development and report development.
2 years of experience supporting business functions in a financial services environment such as accounting, lending, securities trading or equivalent.
Working knowledge of both Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server databases and related technologies.
Must be analytical, results-driven and able to employ the right approach and methods to make the maximum use of time and resources.
Strong technical leadership with a thorough understanding of database design principles, practices and the systems development life cycle. Effective at applying disciplined test practices and an expert at change and configuration management.
Excellent interpersonal, creative, and communication skills that allow effective, proactive working relationships in a team-oriented environment. Adept at simplifying and explaining complex technical concepts to colleagues.
Working knowledge of financial instruments and understanding of accounting concepts.
Motivated by delivery of pragmatic solutions and long-term benefits.
Strong understanding of Bank data and source systems preferred.
Able to complete tasks on set budgetary parameters and targets.
The Data Architect is a key member of the Enterprise Architecture team that ensures that the Bank maintains a well-designed and well-understood data architecture to enable effective data warehousing, information management and business intelligence capabilities. This individual fulfills a design and delivery role that provides innovative solutions and thought leadership to the organization regarding the use of data. This individual is responsible for modeling data, including the production of logical and physical data models, and integration processes in support of enterprise reporting and analytics. This position serves as a technical lead for data projects to design, document, construct, deploy and maintain database architectures and applications.",3.4,"FHLB Des Moines
3.4","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1932,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
36,Enterprise Data Architect,"$96k-$157k
(Glassdoor Est.)","AAMC (Association of American Medical Colleges) is a not-for-profit association dedicated to transforming health care through innovative medical education, cutting-edge patient care, and groundbreaking medical research. AAMC IT plays a critical role in supporting AAMC’s mission by delivering the technology supporting all of AAMC’s mission critical services. IT is beginning a multi-year modernization of its large product portfolio into an API based digital platform while transitioning from on-premise to cloud services.

• Significant employer 403(b) contribution
• Public transportation subsidy
• Generous paid time off program
• Tuition reimbursement
• Wellness program that includes: discounted gym membership, onsite yoga and sponsored sports teams

Why us, Why now?

As the technical expert on the Data Services team responsible for Modernization efforts the Enterprise Data Architect will be responsible for developing, refining, and championing data models, strategies, and solutions to improve quality, value, and accessibility of our data. You will work with subject matter experts (inside and outside of IT) and developers to understand and document requirements, objectives, and constraints with respect to data integration and reuse opportunities. Working closely with the IT managers you will ensure that their systems are well designed to meet data coordination and data integration goals across applications and as it relates to our data warehouse.

This is a highly technical position that requires the incumbent to thoroughly understand rapid and iterative application development processes, a wide range of technologies related to database systems and software, the intricacies of complex systems, performance and capacity planning, and business objectives. You will design and document the data solution patterns and define steps to move from the current to desired state. As the Data Architect, you will also play a key role in proof of concepts, domain-driven design, data governance, ensuring that established principles, standards, and patterns are applied appropriately and as intended.

Investigate, discover, and analyze data requirements (on-going, high-level and project specific) to inform the enterprise data architecture
Develop and maintain views of our as-is and to-be enterprise data architecture, to support AAMC’s data vision, enterprise architecture goals, and other strategic objectives
Be a thought leader and champion industry best practice and solutioning
In coordination with IT leadership, develop data integration strategies and roadmaps for the enterprise
Develop, refine, document, and publish models and proposed solutions to meet the AAMC’s needs with respect to enterprise data, data integration, data warehousing, master data management and enterprise reporting
Develop and recommend data management policies, standards, practices and security measures to ensure effective and consistent data management operations on AWS
Interact extensively and regularly with other architects, developers, and project teams to advance the AAMC enterprise data architecture as part of all relevant IT projects
Monitor compliance of development work against established standards and principles and work to resolve issues through appropriate (formal and informal) channels
Review and analyze existing systems and make recommendations for improvements
Contribute to IT projects as a solutions architect to design and develop high-quality solution components to advance our enterprise data architecture.
Translate business requirements into documented data, application, interface specifications and infrastructure requirements
Perform business analysis and requirements analysis activities as needed to understand and document requirements and to develop proposed solutions
Participate in complex software development projects in all phases (requirements, design, development, testing, and deployment), often in a lead role directing and mentoring others
Work with IT staff to design and develop database structures, backend processes and software application solutions that meet AAMC strategic goals and IT objectives
Collaborate with Project Managers to develop project management artifacts and to offer technical advice and solutions
Assist database administrators, data stewards, quality assurance team and other staff to ensure data integrity, consistency, security and privacy
Support IT Leadership by undertaking business analysis, data analysis, and other research and investigation activities as assigned. This can be as a senior contributor to formal projects or as independent work.

What you’ll bring to the role:

A Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Data Management, or related field with an emphasis on data and databases is required (Master’s degree is preferred)
At least 8 years of relevant work experience; TOGAF certification is preferred
Advanced working knowledge of application development processes and domain-driven design
Advanced knowledge of data management and database development technologies and processes
Advanced knowledge of solution patterns within the data domain, including working with structured and unstructured data and transactional and analytical solutions, preferably on AWS
Advanced knowledge of data integration patterns and technologies
Knowledge and experience with Agile development practices
Demonstrated ability to develop useful, secure, reliable, and high-performing solutions for complex challenges
Ability to translate complex technical terminology, concepts and issues in terms understandable to technical and non-technical management and staff
Advanced knowledge of Oracle PL/SQL and SQL required. Experience with transitioning databases from on premise to AWS is preferred
Advanced database development skills and experience required. Familiarity with web-to-database connectivity required
Intermediate knowledge of UML and object-oriented design required
Advanced skill in requirements gathering, requirements analysis, business process analysis, object-oriented analysis and data modeling required
Enterprise reporting and data science/machine learning background

If a bachelor’s degree is required, related work experience may be substituted in some positions. One year of college course work at an accredited institution is equivalent to one year of related work experience.

The Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC) is an Equal Opportunity/AffirmativeAction Employer. The AAMC is committed to the policy of an equal employment opportunity in recruitment, hiring, career advancement, and all other personnel practices. The AAMC will not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, matriculation, political affiliation, genetic information, disability, past or current military service, or any other legally protected characteristic.",3.7,"Association of American Medical Colleges
3.7","Washington, DC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1876,Nonprofit Organization,Membership Organizations,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
37,Android System Architect / Linux Middleware familiar with HAL,-1,"6 month contract-to-hire position

Experience required:
Understands full android stack including Linux kernel
Have hands on development. experience in the android native services or Linux user space.
full stack android and cockpit architect and development experience
(Optionally) It will be great if the candidate has hypervisor configuration, share device drivers development using virtio , Linux and android bsp and device tree configuration and RTOS development experience.
The daily work will include:
diverse architecture topics like remote logging, ecu health death design and architecture, variant management etc
Skills Required:
C++ Programming
Android Startup sequence
Experience sending / parsing messages from the Java application layer to system services running C++ (middle layer/NDK)
Experience using binder and shared memory
HAL / HIDL
Android Framework
OS: Linux / Android. Proficiency in real time multi-threaded software design and development, system programming using IPC, synchronization primitives
PLUS skills:
Android Treble
Wake Lock in Android
Linux Kernel
Managing software architectures for a mobile, Infotainment or Android based software solution
C Programming
Job Type: Contract

Pay: $55.00 - $75.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
C++ Programming: 3 years (Preferred)
Device Tree Configuration: 1 year (Preferred)
Linux kernel: 1 year (Required)
Full stack Android development: 2 years (Required)
Android Stack / System Architecture: 2 years (Required)
Linux User Space: 1 year (Required)
HAL: 1 year (Required)
Android or Linux BSP: 1 year (Preferred)
Android Native Services: 1 year (Required)
Hypervisor: 1 year (Preferred)
Contract Length:
More than 1 year
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
Yes: H-1B work authorization
Yes: Other non-immigrant work authorization (e.g. L-1, TN, E-3, O-1, etc.)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.datamtx.com",-1,DataMTX,"Peachtree City, GA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
38,Android System Architect / Linux Middleware familiar with HAL,-1,"6 month contract-to-hire position

Experience required:
Understands full android stack including Linux kernel
Have hands on development. experience in the android native services or Linux user space.
full stack android and cockpit architect and development experience
(Optionally) It will be great if the candidate has hypervisor configuration, share device drivers development using virtio , Linux and android bsp and device tree configuration and RTOS development experience.
The daily work will include:
diverse architecture topics like remote logging, ecu health death design and architecture, variant management etc
Skills Required:
C++ Programming
Android Startup sequence
Experience sending / parsing messages from the Java application layer to system services running C++ (middle layer/NDK)
Experience using binder and shared memory
HAL / HIDL
Android Framework
OS: Linux / Android. Proficiency in real time multi-threaded software design and development, system programming using IPC, synchronization primitives
PLUS skills:
Android Treble
Wake Lock in Android
Linux Kernel
Managing software architectures for a mobile, Infotainment or Android based software solution
C Programming
Job Type: Contract

Pay: $55.00 - $75.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
C++ Programming: 3 years (Preferred)
Device Tree Configuration: 1 year (Preferred)
Linux kernel: 1 year (Required)
Full stack Android development: 2 years (Required)
Android Stack / System Architecture: 2 years (Required)
Linux User Space: 1 year (Required)
HAL: 1 year (Required)
Android or Linux BSP: 1 year (Preferred)
Android Native Services: 1 year (Required)
Hypervisor: 1 year (Preferred)
Contract Length:
More than 1 year
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
Yes: H-1B work authorization
Yes: Other non-immigrant work authorization (e.g. L-1, TN, E-3, O-1, etc.)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.datamtx.com",-1,DataMTX,"Peachtree City, GA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
39,Android System Architect / Linux Middleware familiar with HAL,-1,"6 month contract-to-hire position

Experience required:
Understands full android stack including Linux kernel
Have hands on development. experience in the android native services or Linux user space.
full stack android and cockpit architect and development experience
(Optionally) It will be great if the candidate has hypervisor configuration, share device drivers development using virtio , Linux and android bsp and device tree configuration and RTOS development experience.
The daily work will include:
diverse architecture topics like remote logging, ecu health death design and architecture, variant management etc
Skills Required:
C++ Programming
Android Startup sequence
Experience sending / parsing messages from the Java application layer to system services running C++ (middle layer/NDK)
Experience using binder and shared memory
HAL / HIDL
Android Framework
OS: Linux / Android. Proficiency in real time multi-threaded software design and development, system programming using IPC, synchronization primitives
PLUS skills:
Android Treble
Wake Lock in Android
Linux Kernel
Managing software architectures for a mobile, Infotainment or Android based software solution
C Programming
Job Type: Contract

Pay: $55.00 - $75.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
C++ Programming: 3 years (Preferred)
Device Tree Configuration: 1 year (Preferred)
Linux kernel: 1 year (Required)
Full stack Android development: 2 years (Required)
Android Stack / System Architecture: 2 years (Required)
Linux User Space: 1 year (Required)
HAL: 1 year (Required)
Android or Linux BSP: 1 year (Preferred)
Android Native Services: 1 year (Required)
Hypervisor: 1 year (Preferred)
Contract Length:
More than 1 year
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
Yes: H-1B work authorization
Yes: Other non-immigrant work authorization (e.g. L-1, TN, E-3, O-1, etc.)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.datamtx.com",-1,DataMTX,"Peachtree City, GA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
40,Android System Architect / Linux Middleware familiar with HAL,-1,"6 month contract-to-hire position

Experience required:
Understands full android stack including Linux kernel
Have hands on development. experience in the android native services or Linux user space.
full stack android and cockpit architect and development experience
(Optionally) It will be great if the candidate has hypervisor configuration, share device drivers development using virtio , Linux and android bsp and device tree configuration and RTOS development experience.
The daily work will include:
diverse architecture topics like remote logging, ecu health death design and architecture, variant management etc
Skills Required:
C++ Programming
Android Startup sequence
Experience sending / parsing messages from the Java application layer to system services running C++ (middle layer/NDK)
Experience using binder and shared memory
HAL / HIDL
Android Framework
OS: Linux / Android. Proficiency in real time multi-threaded software design and development, system programming using IPC, synchronization primitives
PLUS skills:
Android Treble
Wake Lock in Android
Linux Kernel
Managing software architectures for a mobile, Infotainment or Android based software solution
C Programming
Job Type: Contract

Pay: $55.00 - $75.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
C++ Programming: 3 years (Preferred)
Device Tree Configuration: 1 year (Preferred)
Linux kernel: 1 year (Required)
Full stack Android development: 2 years (Required)
Android Stack / System Architecture: 2 years (Required)
Linux User Space: 1 year (Required)
HAL: 1 year (Required)
Android or Linux BSP: 1 year (Preferred)
Android Native Services: 1 year (Required)
Hypervisor: 1 year (Preferred)
Contract Length:
More than 1 year
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
Yes: H-1B work authorization
Yes: Other non-immigrant work authorization (e.g. L-1, TN, E-3, O-1, etc.)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.datamtx.com",-1,DataMTX,"Peachtree City, GA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
41,Android System Architect / Linux Middleware familiar with HAL,-1,"6 month contract-to-hire position

Experience required:
Understands full android stack including Linux kernel
Have hands on development. experience in the android native services or Linux user space.
full stack android and cockpit architect and development experience
(Optionally) It will be great if the candidate has hypervisor configuration, share device drivers development using virtio , Linux and android bsp and device tree configuration and RTOS development experience.
The daily work will include:
diverse architecture topics like remote logging, ecu health death design and architecture, variant management etc
Skills Required:
C++ Programming
Android Startup sequence
Experience sending / parsing messages from the Java application layer to system services running C++ (middle layer/NDK)
Experience using binder and shared memory
HAL / HIDL
Android Framework
OS: Linux / Android. Proficiency in real time multi-threaded software design and development, system programming using IPC, synchronization primitives
PLUS skills:
Android Treble
Wake Lock in Android
Linux Kernel
Managing software architectures for a mobile, Infotainment or Android based software solution
C Programming
Job Type: Contract

Pay: $55.00 - $75.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
C++ Programming: 3 years (Preferred)
Device Tree Configuration: 1 year (Preferred)
Linux kernel: 1 year (Required)
Full stack Android development: 2 years (Required)
Android Stack / System Architecture: 2 years (Required)
Linux User Space: 1 year (Required)
HAL: 1 year (Required)
Android or Linux BSP: 1 year (Preferred)
Android Native Services: 1 year (Required)
Hypervisor: 1 year (Preferred)
Contract Length:
More than 1 year
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
Yes: H-1B work authorization
Yes: Other non-immigrant work authorization (e.g. L-1, TN, E-3, O-1, etc.)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.datamtx.com",-1,DataMTX,"Peachtree City, GA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
42,Engineer/Architect - Project Facade Estimator,-1,"Company Overview*
Our company is a Family owned business in the fabrication and installation of Aluminum and glass systems.

The company is a very well-known in the Non-Union fabricating and installing buildings Façades.

Most of our jobs are executed in NYC area for various developers and General Contractors.
Role: *
The Estimator shall be responsible and follow a process of measurement, pricing and cost accounting for every construction project. The price of the project is then based on the Specifications for the Aluminum and Glass works and the latest Architectural drawing. The pricing of the project consists of material, labor subcontractors, direct cost and indirect business operating costs including overhead and profit. The estimator must be able to level out vendors and subcontractors prior to submitting a bid. An estimator must be responsible and pay careful attention to details of the plans, specifications and owner’s requirements. This may include providing possible (VE) value engineering solutions after consulting with the engineering dept., creating _job_ specific unit prices and developing new pricing strategies. An estimator must be able to prepare budgets _by_ analyzing similar projects cost history (labor and materials), commodity pricing and the current markets of the construction industry. An estimator must keep current with all new bid processes and methods.
Primary Responsibilities: *
Understand and be able to utilize the latest estimating, document creation and reporting software and recommend changes if need be to help department create more accurate estimates.
Review drawing specifications and come to a clear understanding what type of Systems are required to be used for a specific project.
Perform system counts.
_Send_ out drawings & specifications and project counts to vendors for quotes.
Perform a point to point take off _by_ drawing, _by_ system. Draft and _submit_ RFI’s as required.
Review and check all quotes and equipment list.
Review all data base material pricing and labor units.
Review all indirect and direct costs.
Provide project overview / review including unit pricing as required.
Fill out and _submit_ all scope sheets, leveling sheets and bid forms in a timely manner.
Provide a clear and concise proposal with _job_ specific qualifications.
Make follow up sales calls and establish sales leads.
Provide value engineering ideas and concepts including cost structure.
Review contracts and consult with Marketing Manager for specific comments to be made.
Qualification Requirements*:

3-year engineering degree in related field or minimum of 4 years job experience.

Our company provides a stable work environment with a great work life balance. We offer a competitive salary, Medical.

Job Type: Full-time

Work Location: Industrial park at Hauppauge, NY

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $45,000.00 - $55,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Construction: 2 years (Preferred)
Estimating: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Hauppauge, NY 11788 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
alubonusa.cm
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Alubon,"Hauppauge, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2004,Company - Public,-1,-1,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
43,Presales Data Architect,"$111k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description

Dear trailblazers, forward-thinkers, and doers - We want you.

DataStax is the company behind the massively scalable, highly available, cloud-native NoSQL platform built on Apache Cassandra. Every day, we're fulfilling our mission to connect every developer in the world to the power of Apache Cassandra, with the freedom to run data on any device and in any cloud.

We subscribe to a set of principles that guide how we collaboratively work together. We inspire each other with our valuesobsessing over users and enterprises, taking action and focusing on results, innovating in technology, products, and everything we do, and defining success as the team winning.

We foster a diverse working environment that is respectful, generates new ideas, promotes ownership, and encourages highly motivated individuals to shape tomorrow. These form the foundation of DataStax's culture and help drive our decisions.
Job Description

PreSales Data Architect

As a Data Architect, you will work as part of the sales team to qualify, educate and lead the design and adoption of database solutions. You would be on the front line of our sales team in a dynamic, high-energy environment. You will own the technical relationships of accounts as they modernize and realize business value over time.

What you will do:
Serve as Technical Strategic Advisor coaching enterprises through modernizations, implementations, and transformational outcomes
Own enterprise success through delivery of transformational business outcomes
Collaborate with account executives to develop account strategies and plans
Qualify technical requirements and effectively articulate DataStax's ability to meet these needs
Drive high levels of engagement through discovery sessions, enablement, and solution planning
Constantly learn new technologies and stay abreast of the distributed computing landscape
Present to C-Level executives on transformational data strategy
Enable customers through well crafted presentations and training sessions including hands-on developer days on-site at customer locations
Customize and adapt presentations for both small and large audiences, and for audiences with differing levels of technical and business experience
Work closely with developers around application code, data modeling techniques and troubleshooting, candidate architectures, and driver best practices.
Travel up to 50% of the time
Lead technical quarterly business reviews with customers to deliver business value with enterprise team
Work with Product Management and Engineering to provide feedback from the field
Your experience should include:
A high degree of comfort speaking all levels of the organization from CTO to Architects to Developers and DBAs .
Demonstrating how youve learned and adapted to new technologies
Demonstrating how youve contributed to a culture of knowledge sharing by authoring and contribute to internal and external technical collateral, white papers, tutorials, and best practices
Knowledge of API design and development in enterprise ecosystems
Basic Linux operations experience
Developing in at least one major programming language, Java, C#, Go, Node.js, or Python
Solid understanding of Kubernetes and applications in enterprise ecosystems
Specialization in at least one cloud provider stack - AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience architecting and delivering solutions in a large enterprise
A solid understanding of system architecture and software design principles
Exposure Apache Cassandra NoSQL technologies or Traditional RDBMS
If this motivates you, we'd love to hear from you!

#LI-Remote",3.8,"DataStax
3.8","Atlanta, GA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
44,Geospatial Data Engineer (TS/SCI-Full Scope Polygraph),-1,"Clearance: Current TS/SCI ISSA (Full-Scope Polygraph) required*
Description: Provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The data engineer will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Other Technical Skills:
Experience scripting in Python and using NiFi
Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS (or willingness and ability to learn)
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality
Core Competencies:
Conceptual, quantitative, organizational, research, writing, verbal communication, and graphical representation skills.
Sound judgment and creative problem solving and independent working skills.
Sound interpersonal and teamwork skills to work with individuals and organizations, to include varying levels and types (Government, industry, and academia).
Facilitation skills to bring diverse groups together on issues and reach consensus across stakeholders.
The ability to perform complex analyses and to communicate its results using accurate, concise, and effective writing and through descriptive and graphical representations.
Technical understanding of the systems supporting aspects of the functional areas.
Knowledge of standard tools [e.g., the Agency Data Services Network (ADSN), iCE workstations, Microsoft Office, the Agency Internet Network (AIN), and the Microsoft Office software applications], as appropriate; and a demonstrated ability to learn to use and support other tools that may be added or developed as the program evolves.
Flexibility in assisting with ad hoc tasks and in adjusting as tasks are re-prioritized.
Travel: Minimal CONUS travel may be required.

Company Information: New Light Technologies (NLT) provides comprehensive Information Technology, Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) and Remote Sensing technology consulting and staffing solutions for government, commercial, and non-profit organizations. NLT employs a cadre of experienced project managers, infrastructure experts, system architects, data scientists, web developers, geospatial experts and software engineers who work across a broad range of COTS, Open Source, and custom technologies to devise the best solutions. NLT specializes in DevOps enterprise-scale Systems Design, Integration, Development, and Management, and offers exceptional capabilities in Infrastructure Modernization, Cloud Migration & Management, Virtualization, Microservices, & Containerized Computing, and the development of High-Performance Mobile Computing solutions.

NLT has a diverse customer base and is looking to bring on team members to work on-site, virtually, and embedded with our customers to help them reach, meet, and exceed their mission goals in every engagement. NLT offers competitive salaries and benefits including PTO, Healthcare, access to a vast network of group benefits such as commuter benefits and retirement plan access. NLT is an equal opportunity employer.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $80,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Weekends
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus
COVID-19 considerations:
While most of our work is done remotely during the COVID-19 Pandemic, this job in the National Security Sector requires physical presence on site.

Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Please list any presentations, repos, or other online content that is publicly available if you have them. For proper consideration, please make sure to take our skills tests in this indeed posting.
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Required)
Contract Length:
1 year
More than 1 year
Varies
Contract Renewal:
Likely
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://NewLightTechnologies.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"New Light Technologies, Inc.
5.0","McLean, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
45,Data Architect,"$52k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Architect

Benefits Data Trust (BDT)
seeks a capable Data Architect to lead the development of our new Google Cloud data platform, lead our Data Engineering team, and run our current data infrastructure. BDT embraces Data4Good and is a fast-growing, digitally enabled non-profit that improves benefits access for thousands of underserved people.

As a leader in our Data Science department, the Data Architect will:
Design the platform architecture on Google Cloud Platform, including machine learning productionization capabilities, and collecting inputs from teams around the organization
Lead the Data Engineering team and data platform development, including the transition and cutover plan from the existing approach to the new platform
Manage the Data Engineering team and its workload across several internal customers, including the current data engineering work while the platform is developed
Collaborate with internal customers to identify ongoing platform improvements (teams including Analytics, Projects, Policy, Software Engineering, and others throughout the organization)
Define and establish data access and performance design standards for the data platform, software engineering, and all products and services accessing BDT information.
Implement continuous improvements with the Data Engineering team using our existing tools/technologies, which include SQL, Airflow, Python, Docker/Kubernetes, and others such as Terraform and Apache Beam. May also be required to research and select other tools when the situation demands
Manage the implementation of data governance in our platform, including security, role-based access and other features as appropriate
Demonstrate and reinforce key attributes & values of our department, including curiosity, critical thinking, drive to completion, empathy, and a focus on impact.
Based in our Center City Philadelphia office, the Data Architect reports to the Director of Data Science.

Due to COVID-19, BDT is operating under a remote-working protocol, following governmental requirements and CDC guidelines. While this job will begin as fully remote, when BDT determines it is safe to do so based on public health recommendations, we will move back into our Centre Square office. At that time, all Philadelphia-based staff are expected to transition back into the office.

Successful candidates will demonstrate the following through their experience:
Communication and Relationship-building – with both technical and non-technical peers and stakeholders
Cloud-based Solution Architecture, for data platforms and infrastructure, including event-driven architectures, microservices and pattern design, supporting compliance and regulated environments (including PII and PHI)
Workflow and pipeline design to ensure reliability, availability, and consistency
Systems Engineering – orchestrating services, containers, and servers – typically in *nix environments
Data Modeling and Warehousing – schema and model design across structured and unstructured data and use cases including machine learning, BI, and Analytics – all the way through to implementation oversight
Automation, monitoring, and alerting – pattern design and implementation oversight
Cloud engineering – certification on any of the major hyperscale cloud platforms
Data Encapsulation & Transfer methodologies – designed for all formats and methods, including queuing methods
Also interested in relevant experience including:
Experience with BI implementations/uplifts (we currently use Looker) and/or Data Governance models and method
Machine learning techniques, productionizing machine learning models, and/or creating models
About BDT

Benefits Data Trust (BDT) is a national nonprofit that helps people live healthier, more independent lives by creating smarter ways to access essential benefits and services. Each year, BDT helps tens of thousands of people receive critical supports using data, technology, targeted outreach, and policy change. Since its inception in 2005, BDT has screened more than one million households and secured over $7 billion in benefits and services. BDT employs more than 200 people and provides enrollment assistance to individuals in six states, and policy assistance to states nationwide. For more information, visit bdtrust.org.",3.3,"Benefits Data Trust
3.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
46,Advancement Data Manager,-1,"Announcing an extraordinary opportunity to utilize your existing skillset in non-profit data with an outstanding organization. The Pontifical North American College is seeking an *Advancement Data Manager* (ADM) to join our team. While the College itself is based in Rome, the Office of Institutional Advancement (OIA) is located in Northeast Washington, DC near the Catholic University of America campus (Brookland stop on the Metro Red Line). The position reports directly to the Executive Director.

Are you looking for a highly structured, bureaucratic office environment? If so, ignore this position! The OIA is comprised of a small, flexible, and independent team. While we have basic processes and procedures, we value self-starters and problem solvers. As we interact with thousands of benefactors from around the country and our peers in Rome, our work is critically important for the financial stability and future of the College.

The ADM is the principal architect and supervisor of our hosted Raiser’s Edge/NXT database and gift management process. Principal duties include: oversight of automated gift entry and acknowledgment across all giving platforms; production of donor/gift reports and queries; analysis of giving data; collaboration with accounting staff; and management of database integrity and maintenance.

For consideration, a candidate must have no less than two years of fulltime experience using Blackbaud Raiser’s Edge/NXT, preferably as a supervisor or higher. S/he must be highly proficient in general database concepts, query-writing, and Excel. Strong communication skills and the ability to work independently are essential. A competitive salary and benefits package is available. The office building offers free parking. The preferred start date is October 19, 2020, but flexible. Until COVID-19 restrictions are lifted, this position has the option of telework.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: From $55,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Our office building has many safety protocols in place, including social distancing, mask requirements, sanitizing of common areas, etc.

Experience:
Raiser's Edge software (use/design/maintenance): 2 years (Required)
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Company's website:
www.pnac.org
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/PontificalNorthAmericanCollege
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Pontifical North American College,"Washington, DC",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
47,Sr Data Engineer/Data Architect,"$64k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Sr. Data
Engineer/Architect, you will develop and build AI/ML model ready data ponds
using Azure Databricks Delta lake. Looking for a candidate with ETL background
and ERP (Sales, Inventory, AP and AR) (or) Industrial manufacturing domain
knowledge that enables them to think strategically and add value to related
AI/ML product development.

Key
Responsibilities
Improve upon the data ingestion models, ETL jobs, and
alarming to maintain data integrity and data availability.
Continuously explore the advances in master data
management and big data technologies and advocate the related innovations
across the digital organization
Partner with AI/ML product teams proactively identify
the data needs for rapid experimentation and stable production deployment
and ensure the required data availability by collaborating with strategic
partners.
Manage weekly business reports via dashboards and
paper the analyses of daily, weekly, and monthly reporting of performance
via Key Performance Indicators
Partner with the AI/ML product teams on innovative
solutions to constantly changing business requirements.
Accountable to solve the problems that require
extensive use of ETL techniques
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in STEM or Computer Science
5 Years’ hands on experience in data engineering
Experience working with Databricks or Apache
Spark/PySpark
Experience with cloud-based data services, including
data pipeline orchestration tooling (i.e. Azure Data Factory).
Proficiency with sophisticated SQL development
Experience in modern DevOps practices (including Git,
CI/CD)
About us:

Here at PPG we
make it happen, and we seek candidates of the highest integrity and
professionalism who share our values, with the commitment and drive to strive
today to do better than yesterday – everyday.

PPG: WE
PROTECT AND BEAUTIFY THE WORLD™

Through
leadership in innovation, sustainability and color, PPG helps customers in
industrial, transportation, consumer products, and construction markets and
aftermarkets to enhance more surfaces in more ways than does any other
company.. To learn more, visit www.ppg.com and follow @ PPG on Twitter.
The PPG Way

Every single
day at PPG:

We partner
with customers to create mutual value.

We are
insightful, dedicated and proactive. We have intimate knowledge of the market
and our customers. We focus on practical solutions that make a difference.

We are “One
PPG” to the world.

We are better
and stronger together. We leverage our scale to reach new markets and introduce
innovative technologies as we differentiate and disrupt our markets.

We trust our
people every day, in every way.

We enable and
empower our people to make the right decisions. We are inclusive, transparent
and respectful. Our feedback is clear and actionable.

We make it
happen.

We have a
passion for winning. We achieve. We deliver with discipline and integrity. We
bring our best energy to our work. We decide and act intelligently and quickly.

We run it
like we own it.

We respect one
another by being responsible and accountable. We always act in the best
interest of our company, customers, shareholders and our communities.

We do better
today than yesterday – everyday.

We continuously
learn. We develop our people to grow our businesses.

PPG Way:
(Click here to learn more about the PPG Way)

PPG vision:
http://corporate.ppg.com/Our-Company/PPG-Vision.aspx

We are One
PPG: http://one.ppg.com/

PPG provides
equal opportunity to all candidates and employees. We offer an opportunity to
grow and develop your career in an environment that provides a fulfilling
workplace for employees, creates an environment for continuous learning, and
embraces the ideas and diversity of others. All qualified applicants will
receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, pregnancy, race,
color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability status, marital
status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression. If you need
assistance to complete your application due to a disability, please email
recruiting@ppg.com.

PPG values your
feedback on our recruiting process. We encourage you to visit Glassdoor.com and
provide feedback on the process, so that we can do better today than yesterday.

Benefits will
be discussed with you by your recruiter during the hiring process.",3.2,"PPG
3.2","Pittsburgh, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1883,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
48,Senior Data Architect,"$85k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Monday, August 24, 2020


About AvidXchange

AvidXchange is the industry leader in automating invoice and payment processes for mid-market businesses. Founded in the year 2000, AvidXchange processes over $140 billion transactions annually across its network of more than 600,000 suppliers, transforming the way 6,000 customers in North America pay their bills. AvidXchange is distinguished as a global fintech unicorn and one of the fastest growing technology companies in the U.S. with 1,400 employees supporting customers across seven office locations. Our employees live by our core values, including “Innovate to Change the Game”, “Passion about Customer Success”, “Win as a Team”, “Play to our Strengths”, and “Have a Blast”. We are on a mission to create something different at AvidXchange. Come join the team!

Job Overview

The Senior Data Architect is responsible for the overall state-of-the-art data platform and advanced analytical data architecture, which are fully aligned with business and data monetization strategy, leveraging advanced data techniques including artificial intelligence, machine learning and data science. The Senior Data Architect will develop a strategy to improve the value of data, improve effectiveness of information stewardship, and streamline the flow of data within the organization and to our customers. This position is accountable for partnering with key roles (e.g. product owners, engineers, architects, etc.) to understand the details of Product enhancements and technical process initiatives, for creating and maintaining technical designs that align with AvidXchange's overall technical principles and strategy, and for mentoring and guiding engineers and other Architects on these architectural designs and technology standards during construction.

Job Responsibilities

• Determine overall data modeling standards, guidelines, best practices and approved modeling techniques.
• Lead overall data architecture and exert influence across all cross-functional teams including data engineering, business intelligence, data science, and data integration teams
• Lead the data design of solutions for large projects and programs, through expert knowledge, translating high-level business requirements into data models and appropriate metadata, test data, and data standards.
• Drive the design of conceptual, logical, and physical data models to support transactional and analytical systems.
• Lead and participate in the peer review and quality assurance of project architectural data artifact, influence key architecture decisions and report implications to the architectural governance forums.
• knowledge and understanding of an entire line of business or infrastructure sub-domain
• Ensure all relevant project teams follow a common set of data principles and patterns, utilize a standard set of technology frameworks, and apply data architecture best practices that helps increase quality and agility.
• Provide thought leadership across the data community to ensure solutions are built in alignment with platform principles, design patterns, and standards.
• Develop data architectures that are inherently secure, robust, resilient, scalable, and enable API-centric and microservices ecosystem.
• Define data infrastructure and deployment topology by working with peers across the technology organization to support continuous integration and deployment, and DevOp(s) processes.
• Identify the data assets that are deemed significant to the enterprise, as determined by the business impact, decision impact, risk mitigation or organizational impact of the information
• Identify emerging data technologies and develop architectural roadmaps to modernize technology landscape and drive innovation.

Education, Skills and Qualification

Required Experience, Qualifications, and Skills
• Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field, 12+ years in information technology and 5+ years data architecture experience across OLTP, reporting, analytics and/or data science.
• Prior work experience as a Data Architect or Data Modeler
• Extensive experience with enterprise data architecture for transactional systems, analytical platforms, information life cycle management, master data management, data governance framework, data replication, data integration and large-scale data migration.
• Understanding of database structure and modeling principles
• Experience gathering and analyzing non-functional requirements and designing world class performing data solutions
• Deep experience with relational and non-relational data platforms, Data Lake concepts, modern ETL/ELT Automation Techniques, Data Cataloging, etc.
• Extensive experience with machine learning, artificial intelligence applications and Data Science development languages (R, Python, etc).
• Familiarity with data visualization and self-service BI/data warehousing/ advanced analytics tools
• Ability to lead design activities, and influence engineering and product directions
• Ability to interact with external DBAs, data engineers, product managers, business stakeholders and other technology leaders
• Ability to influence across multiple organizational levels including senior leadership
• Ability to interact with all levels of an organization
• Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills

Preferred Experience, Qualifications, and Skills
• 5+ years of direct responsibility for strategy formulation and/or business analytics, database management, data analytics, data integration, and database development
• Experience in the FinTech space desirable.
• Experience leading complex AI/ML service pipeline


Not for you? Check out other opportunities

To learn more about alternative career opportunities view our current openings that include positions available within our Technology, Talent, Growth, Marketing, and Customer Care teams.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement

AvidXchange is an equal opportunity employer. AvidXchange is committed to equal employment opportunity in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. AvidXchange will not discriminate against applicants for employment on any legally recognized basis. This includes, but is not limited to: veteran status, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age and physical or mental disability.

Other details
Job Family
Software Engineering
Job Function
Software Architecture Engineering
Pay Type
Salary
Employment Indicator
Professional",3.5,"AvidXchange
3.5","Sandy, UT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
49,Registered Architects and Licensed Professional Engineers in Guam,-1,"MacDonald-Bedford *is seeking *licensed professional *ENGINEERS* *for immediate, full-time employment to assist in the execution of a five-year, $98M contract with *Naval Facilities Engineering Command (NAVFAC) Pacific *to provide professional consulting services associated with the design and construction of the $10B of facilities in support of the Guam Defense Policy Review Initiative (DPRI). Though based in Dededo, Guam, *the Architect/Engineer may have work in other Islands within the Marianas Region, in Darwin, Australia and/or in Honolulu, HI. *Candidates musthave demonstrated ability to provide technical support consulting services in support of complex, long term, multi-year program construction management activities.
The Design Technical Support Group *needs *registered ARCHITECTS & licensed Civil, Electrical, Fire Protection, Mechanical, and Structural Engineers *to participate in a construction contract management team comprised of a task order driven, multi-disciplinary group of government and JV led consultants assigned to individual projects. Our A/Es serve in a quality assurance role examining design and construction activities to ensure that contracted services are consistent with the will and intent of NAVFAC. These are not design services. The projects assigned will vary in type and magnitude including structures and related work such as office and shop buildings, airfield expansions, utility installation, wharf repairs, industrial facilities, etc. Projects may be in the $5M to $400M range.
TASKS/SERVICES*. Members of Technical Support Group shall:
Coordinate with team members to execute project scope, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project requirements with a minimum of project delays.
Research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria and Federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing.
Apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues; consider design concepts in support of change orders.
Perform field investigations, including the review of as-builts, to determine existing conditions; document and report findings, observations; include data collected and photographs.
Collect data required to assist with the preparation of cost estimates, schedules, reports, RFPs, SOW’s and other project documentation; provide recommendations and prepare documents.
Coordinate with the Government client, NAVFAC team members, leadership, project stakeholders, and various regulatory agencies.
Review technical reports to ensure compliance with customer and RFP requirements.
Provide technical support for the review of the commissioning plan, design, and construction submittals; evaluate construction quality management.
The consulting *licensed Civil, Electrical, Fire Protection and Mechanical Engineers* shall use initiative, resourcefulness, and sound judgment when providing advice to the Government on quality assurance matters requiring knowledge of construction methods. The Engineer will be responsible forthe following deliverables in a timely manner and per prescribed forms and methods:
Daily reports of work done each day on each project assigned.
Written agendas and minutes of required meetings
Photographs and a written project summary of any collected data/observations of field investigations.
Complete reports, RFPs and/or SOW documents in a prescribed format, i.e. Reports, PowerPoint briefings, presentations etc. including all applicable attachments and a summary of findings and recommendations for follow-up actions.
The *qualified candidate *shall:
Be a U.S. Citizen; be able to travel and possess a U.S. passport.
Be a graduate of an ABET accredited Architectural or Engineering college curriculum AND have a minimum of 10 years of design management experience providing the deliverables as noted with at least one year working on complex Capital Improvements projects for NAVFAC or the Army Corps of Engineers.
Have demonstrated knowledge of broad based Architectural and Engineering principles.
Hold an active U.S. Professional Engineering license (P.E.) or Architecture Registration (RA)
Be able to communicate effectively in English both orally and in writing; experience in preparing correspondence and written reports and in briefing management personnel.
Have obtained within the past five years, a Construction Quality Management (CQM) course certificate
Possess PC computer proficiency with existing NAVFAC software i.e. MS Office, Primavera, CostWorks, Success Estimator, Primavera P6, Schedule Analyzer reports etc.
Have demonstrated experience with Federal building projects design codes (UFGS)
Be capable of the physical exertion required to perform the necessary services
Be able to complete SF-85-P and obtain a security clearance as required by the task order
This is for immediate full-time employment. Our target salary for full credentialed FPEs is $130K and $120K for other engineer disciplines. We offer ten days of paid time off, seven days of sick leave and ten federal holidays. A full benefits package is available; relocation is available and negotiable.
A full Job Description available to qualified candidates who submit the following information: *
*Cover letter* summarizing qualifications and availability
*Complete project list resume *(client contact info, project title, location, scope, cost and candidate’s role)
*Copies of pertinent diplomas, licenses, registrations, and certifications*
*Salary history *(Voluntary) *and full compensation requirements *(E.g.: salary, medical, PTO, etc.)
*Eight (8) references *(six professional, including two supervisors, two peers, two persons whom one has supervised, and two personal)
Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $120,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Relocation Assistance
Schedule:
10 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Application Question:
Are you a U.S. citizen? Do you hold a valid U.S. passport?
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.macdonaldbedford.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.9,"MacDonald-Bedford LLC
3.9",Guam,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
50,Data Engineering Manager,"$85k-$157k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Starry:

Starry is proud to be an Equal Opportunity workplace. Just like the internet service we provide, we do not discriminate. We welcome people from all over the world to share their knowledge and perspectives. At Starry, you can discover the many careers and opportunities that are made possible when you connect people to the limitless possibilities of the internet.

Our mission focuses on two things. First, we're making the experience of accessing the internet simple, transparent, and delightful. Second, we're bringing that experience to underserved communities around the world. We approach our mission with a cutting-edge wireless technology, customer service designed to delight, and a culture of innovation and intellectual curiosity.

Who we're looking for:

The data team is responsible for maintaining our internal analytics platform used by many departments at Starry. We're looking for a data engineering manager to join us as we continue to build out our analytics platform, tooling, and pipelines. You'll work with siloed business units to automate business processes and data pipelines while managing a small centralized data engineering team. We are looking for a candidate that relishes in autonomy and the design process.

What you'll do:

Design data architecture and patterns for analytics and data science
Build tools to help democratize data across the company
Architect and implement a streaming data platform and processing framework
Develop generalized solutions to common analytics problems
Translate stakeholder requirements to tickets
Research and recommend new technologies to help scale our data infrastructure

Qualifications:

5+ years data engineering experience
1+ years managing
Python and SQL mastery
Experience with transactional databases like PostgreSQL
Experience with analytics databases like Snowflake
Experience with batch ETL
Experience with distributed compute
Experience with orchestration tools like Airflow or Luigi
Experience or a knowledge of streaming or near real time patterns
Experience working with container frameworks like Docker
Experience with Git and CI/CD within the context of data engineering
Understanding of the data science workflow

Bonus Points if..

Experience writing batch ETL in Spark
Experience building streaming or near real time frameworks on Kinesis or Kafka
Experience working with data science teams
Experience managing an AWS account

We work hard, so we take care of each other and try to enjoy ourselves along the way. We have:

Premium medical, dental, and vision coverage with no employee contribution required
12 weeks of paid parental leave
Catered meals on a weekly basis
Groups for skiing, biking, running, climbing, stretching, shuffleboard, darts, and more

Happy Interneting!

Disclaimer: This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee.

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.

#LI-STARRY",4.0,"Starry
4.0","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
51,Solution Architect,"$89k-$154k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Doosan Bobcat has an exciting opportunity for a talented solution architect to join our architecture team supporting Marketing, Sales and Aftermarket Parts & Service systems!

We have embarked on a major digital transformation initiative to enhance our business solutions and re-platform legacy systems. Our vision is to empower our business with systems that align to our strategic objective to provide the best digital experience and capabilities for our customers. Our digital transformation framework empowers cross-functional teamwork; embraces scaled agile framework (SAFe) delivery methodology; and promotes innovation, excellence, agility, and efficiency. To achieve our objectives, we will provide modern, reliable and performant technology to surpass our growing customer demands, provide an outstanding customer experience with technology solutions that enable our business and foster data driven decisions.

The Solutions Architect will drive the design and delivery of world-class application and software solutions and lead the architectural direction for significant initiatives. This includes providing innovative solutions driving the direction of architecture for our systems implementation to achieve our business needs. You will be challenged to recommend optimal software solutions for new and existing cloud and on-premise applications to facilitate transformation for both business and technology processes.

This position will work closely with our Digital ARTs (Agile Release Trains) providing leadership while architecting end-to-end solutions across distributed and host environments.
Your responsibilities include partnering with development teams and successfully lead the design of the applications solutions. The role collaborates with other architecture disciplines to ensure new services align to roadmaps and associated strategies.
This position may be located in Minneapolis, MN, Fargo, ND or Bismarck, ND.*
The qualified candidate will have:
Bachelor's Degree.
10 years of experience in enterprise, application, and/or information architecture preferred.
Possess strong foundational technical skill sets and architecture experience which can be leveraged as use of current and newer technologies is expanded in applications.
Proven ability to create an architecture solution in alignment with the reference architecture and utilize foundational services to address the quality attributes (non-functional requirements) of the solution.
Manufacturing, automotive or farm implement industry experience is a plus.
Knowledge of multiple development technologies including but not limited to Java, C#, NodeJS, VueJS.
Experience with Cloud Services (AWS, Azure), platform as a service; micro-services architecture and architecture models is preferred.
Ability to learn the latest technologies and be self-started in running proof of concepts to determine how they can be applied to solve needs within the organization.
Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) experience a plus.
Excellent facilitation, discovery, analysis, and prototyping skills.
Excellent critical thinking, problem solving, and analytical skills with a keen attention to detail.
Self-initiated individual who consistently delivers high quality results with limited guidance and willingly trains, guides and positively influences others.
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment and must be able to manage multiple requests at the same time.
High motivation, self-starting, ability to work with minimal direct supervision, takes ownership.
Strong verbal and written communications skills. Effectively communicates to diverse technical and nontechnical audiences, including engineers, scrum masters, peer architects, product owners, business owners, senior leaders, etc.
Ability to influence teams to a future state while understanding the need to make practical. decisions along the way. Strong ability to create a following amongst a technical group.
Travel Standard < 25%.
Doosan Bobcat, a leading global manufacturer of construction, agriculture and landscaping equipment, attachments and services, is committed to empowering people to accomplish more.

As a part of the Doosan Group, which employs more than 43,000 people in 38 countries worldwide, the company offers its customers products and solutions to help build stronger businesses and communities. Based in Seoul, South Korea, with its North America headquarters in West Fargo, North Dakota, Doosan Bobcat is home to world-renowned brands. This includes: Bobcat® compact equipment; Doosan Portable Power products; BOB-CAT Mowers; Ryan and Steiner grounds care equipment; and Geith attachments.

At Doosan Bobcat, our success is powered by our people. Through our winning culture and one global team working together, we deliver the best products and service to our customers – and make the world a better place. Join our team today and start building your career with a worldwide leader.

Doosan is committed to a diverse workforce and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, age, race, color, religion, creed, citizenship status, national origin, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or any other status or characteristic protected by law. Individuals with disabilities who require a reasonable accommodation in the application process or who need assistance accessing the information on this website should call 701-241-8700. Doosan is a VEVRAA federal contractor and seeks priority referrals of protected veterans.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
related : 10 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
A job for which people with disabilities are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
www.bobcat.com
Work Remotely:
No",3.6,"Bobcat Company
3.6","West Fargo, ND",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
52,Data Architect,"$88k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About PLAYSTUDIOS

PLAYSTUDIOS is the developer of award-winning casual games for mobile and social platforms, including POP! Slots, myVEGAS Slots, myVEGAS Blackjack, and my KONAMI Slots. The apps are powered by the company’s groundbreaking playAWARDS loyalty platform, which enables players to earn real-world rewards from more than 70 iconic hospitality, entertainment, and leisure brands across 15 countries and four continents. playAWARDS partners include MGM Resorts International, Wolfgang Puck, Norwegian Cruise Line, Resorts World, Gray Line Tours, and Hippodrome Casino, among others. Founded by a team of veteran gaming, hospitality, and technology entrepreneurs, PLAYSTUDIOS apps combine the best elements of popular social games with exciting casino gaming mechanics. To learn more about PLAYSTUDIOS, visit www.playstudios.com

PLAYSTUDIOS is seeking a Data Architect to join playAWARDS in our Austin studio. This role focuses on implementing a data architecture spanning from product performance thru telemetry gathering to multi-tenant web BI platform delivery.

The current operations infrastructure is implemented using various technologies such as SQL Server, Couchbase, MongoDB & snowflake. The next two years will focus on evolving playAWARDS technology stack. This role will focus on determining and implementing a brand-new data architecture to support our partner experience with elegant delivery and continuous evolution.

Responsibilities
The Data Architect is responsible for collaborating on product wide data strategy, creation and implementation of architectures, and operational processes.
Own master/metadata management, business/KPI glossary, and data lineage.
Responsible for ensuring the quality and consistency of the data across the system. Providing day-to-day guidance to our development, data science, and analytics teams.
Build data governance and data related best practices for all product teams working on mobile/front-end, core business logic, 3rd party integrations, and multi-tenant web BI delivery.
Extensive knowledge and ability to leverage 3rd party consulting, open-source components, COTS, or cloud services to provide enhanced time-to-market for mobile/web-based BI platforms, data streaming, ETL tools, business rules engines, and optimization/recommendation engines.
Define the data architecture for major areas of the platform and recommend actions to maintain cost-effectiveness and competitiveness.
Required
BS or MS in Computer Science or similar.
5+ years’ experience in Data Architecture, cloud orchestration, automation, microservice architecture, test-driven development, and domain-driven design.
Expert knowledge in enterprise data architecture, MDM, data security, architecture and integration design, data system HA, geo-redun, DR, and optimization.
Have strong knowledge in Spark for streaming & machine learning, Kafka/Kinesis/other streaming services/platform, Hive, HBase, NoSQL
Ability to work on multiple projects, with complex and challenging software requirements, and a keen sense of the solution design and architecture
Fantastic verbal and written communication skills.
A detail-oriented, organized thought process and the ability to prioritize requirements.
Preferred
Experience using multiple database technologies across SQL and NoSQL databases.
Azure Big data Technologies
Very knowledgeable about various design patterns in enterprise architecture.
Knowledge in Scala/Java/python/R
Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau
Experience with ElasticSearch
Benefits and Perks
100% health benefit coverage for you and your dependents!
Performance-based bonuses.
401K plan and stock options.
Flexible vacation policy.
Great downtown Austin location with extensive nearby dining options and vibrant nightlife.
Employee-driven entertainment, happy hours, and team-building events.
Catered lunches multiple times per week.
Snacks and drinks available in the kitchen.
Casual work environment.
An open, collaborative workspace.
Commuter benefits program.
*** During COVID 19 we are currently working from home
PLAYSTUDIOS is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will be considered regardless of their sex (includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, and related medical conditions), race, age, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, military or veteran status, or other protected category under the law.",3.3,"PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc.
3.3","Austin, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
53,Sr Data Engineer,"$71k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Group O is seeking a strong candidate in the job of Senior Data Engineer for a Group O partner in San Antonio, TX. In this role, you will be a valuable expert in data coding and ETL and will lead the development of data models, structures, and data wrangling.

Responsibilities
Implementation including loading from disparate data sets, pre-processing using Hive and Pig
Scope and deliver various Big Data solutions
Design solutions based on high-level architecture
Manage technical communications between clients (technical and non-technical) and internal teams
Building a cloud-based platform that allows easy development of new applications
Collaborate with developers, subject matter experts, and business users in gathering and documenting requirements for data extraction and transformation
Perform code reviews, analyze execution plans, improve ETL jobs efficiencies, correct ETL defects and respond quickly to fixes and enhancement requests
Follow design standards for ETL and ELT processes
Analyze, assess and implement changes to existing solutions in response to business changes
Perform data research and analysis to find insights
Analyze data models to identify variances and discrepancies
Design, update, and maintain data sets
Work with geographically distributed team structure in a fast paced and challenging environment; multi-task and work under pressure
Communicate results with internal and external stakeholders

Qualifications:
An ideal candidate will have experience leading data quality assessment, will be a strong problem-solver and will have excellent interpersonal and communications skills.
Over 5 years of demonstrable experience designing technological solutions to complex data problems, developing & testing modular, reusable, efficient and scalable code to implement those solutions.
Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop 2.0 (YARN; MR & HDFS) and associated technologies -- one or more of Hive, Sqoop, Avro, Flume, Oozie, Zookeeper, etc.
Strong background with ETL Design and coding for Data loading, Data cleansing, Data Validation
Proficiency in SQL, SAS, R and Python – with preference to SQL
Previous experience designing custom deliverables based on user requirements
Excellent written and verbal communication skills – must be able to communicate fluently in English both verbally and in writing
Strong analytical and statistical analysis skills to extract insights and recommendations
Strong problem-solving skills, and the ability & confidence to hack their way out of tight corners
Insurance domain experience is preferred",3.1,"Group O
3.1","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
54,Senior Systems Engineer/Systems Architect,-1,"**Security Clearance Required: Eligible for Secret***
Primary Responsibilities:

Develop architectures for future systems (such as Future Vertical Lift Family of System) to enable the government to meet objectives of portability, interoperability and capability overmatch.

Liaison with DoD leadership to develop strategies and implementation plans for effectively utilizing a consistent Modular Open Systems Approach (MOSA).

Create requirements for the Army's Digital Backbone approach and implement experimental approaches to rapidly remove and replace avionics hardware components.

Collaborate with enduring fleet and future platforms to develop technical strategies for implementing Open Architecture standards and processes in software and hardware products.

Develop system models and create representations using data architectures and data models to facilitate interoperability; determine appropriate modeling languages and tools to represent system model requirements in an MBSE manner

Develop hardware and software requirements that are enforceable and compatible with current aviation methodologies

Prepare and review engineering and technical analyses, reports, change proposals and other technical documentation

Develop technical inputs to whitepapers, briefs and contractual language

Draft engineering inputs for Statements of Work (SOWs), Contract Data Requirements Lists (CDRLs) and other documentation

Review Open Architecture documentation and provide feedback on changes required based on discoveries

Education: Bachelor's of Science degree in engineering, science, or mathematics (REQUIRED). Advanced degree in engineering, science, or mathematics (REQUIRED for SME).

Experience

Required (Senior): 10 years related to systems or software engineering experience.
Required (SME): 20 years of Systems Engineering experience related to avionics architectures.
Desired: Experience with open architecture initiatives (i.e., the Future Airborne Capability Environment (FACE) Technical Standard, Joint Common Architecture (JCA), Hardware Open Systems Technologies (HOST) standard, Open Mission Systems (OMS) standard, UAS Control Segment (UCS)), embedded software, or software/modeling tools.

Security Clearance Required: Eligible for Secret
Estimated Travel: 25%

CRL Technologies is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sexual orientation, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic data, or religion or other legally protected status.",5.0,"CRL Technologies
5.0","Huntsville, AL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
55,Principal Clinical Data Manager,-1,"Zolon is seeking an experienced Principal Clinical Data Manager for a rapidly growing Biopharmaceutical company in the Greater Philadelphia area. This is an opportunity to be a key contributor to the success of this clinical-stage Biopharma company. This key individual must be motivated, creative, passionate, and driven for results.

\*\*Sign-on Bonus Offered\*\*
Summary: *
The Clinical Data Manager will work closely with the Director, Data Management to oversee data management activities. This role will ensure clinical data collection is aligned with the clinical trial requirements, promotes consistency across the clinical studies and achieves high quality data for analysis and reporting.
Responsibilities: *
Planning, coordination, and timely delivery of all DM start up activities
Providing input to trial design, protocols and amendments to ensure protocol enables proper data collection to support analysis and reporting needs
Gathering of data collection requirements from various stakeholders for EDC systems and other applications that collect clinical trial data
Contributing to the clinical data collection strategy for global clinical projects, which involves working across boundaries with multiple internal and external cross-functional stakeholders.
Providing input into the development of data capture tools for a clinical study.
Providing oversight of DM partners and vendors and work delivered by external partners to ensure delivery of clinical data based on the protocol requirements and technical specifications.
Reviewing Data Management partner/vendor work orders and change orders for DM start-up related activities; ensuring clarity of DM start-up tasks, requirements, roles and responsibilities.
Ensuring data management study set up and processes promote collaboration, alignment and consistency across trials, CROs and vendors.
Ensuring DM partner deliverables are performed in compliance with protocol, ICH-GCP and SOPs.
Continuously identifying and mitigating trial related risks
Actively participating in process improvements, including SOP writing, new systems implementation, defining data management best practices, global standards governance, etc.
Qualifications: *
Minimum of 5 years' experience in the pharmaceutical/CRO industry across all trial phases within the oncology therapeutic area.
Knowledge of industry-leading eCRF tools - preferably Medidata Rave
Extensive hands-on experience with clinical data management practices
Experience conducting and securing oversight of trials and/or projects
DM external vendor oversight
Strong understanding of GCPs, SOPs, regulatory requirements and Good Data Management Practices
_\*This position is office based in the KOP area. __(flexibility with COVID)_

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Zolon Life Sciences,"King of Prussia, PA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
56,IT Solutions Architect,-1,"*American Cyber is looking for a IT Solutions Architect, SR with experience developing Government-owned system-of-systems architectures and designs. *

*DoD Secret Clearance Required*

*- Conducts technical reviews of contractor IT related proposals and provides recommendations concerning contractor proposals including concepts, architecture, integration of Cybersecurity requirements, and Cybersecurity risk assessment activities.*

*- Provides authoritative technical and programmatic advice and guidance on the full range of network operations and management, system operation, new technology evaluation and deployment, and user support.*

*- Defines customer requirements for new and modified systems and services based upon analysis of business needs and practices.*

*- Develops and implements Information Technology (IT), Network and Telecommunication requirements as articulated by Program Officer, Technical Division (TMD) Director or Authorizing Official Representatives and provides guidance and recommends metric driven network analysis/comparisons for meeting them.*

*- Advises on contractor IT related issues such as budget planning, project coordination and architecture.*

*- Perform a variety of functions on a wide range of information management (IM) and information technology (IT) issues.*

*- Stays current in the latest information security and risk management knowledge, including new and emerging threats and vulnerabilities.*

*- Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) and proficient in Microsoft Office Applications. *

*- Ability to work effectively in a leadership-type role with minimal supervision and ability to proactively engage with and advise government and contractor support. *

*- Participate in Configuration Control Boards or Integrated Product Team (IPTs) as well as Prepare documentation and present reports.*

*Requirements: *

*DoD Secret Clearance*

*Ten (10) years of experience providing IT enterprise and architecture support in DoD environment*

*Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university *

*Security+ Certification*

*ITIL V3 Foundation*

*CISSP preferred*

*American Cyber furnishes competitive salaries as well as growth and advancement potential, along with generous benefits including: *

*• Health, Vision Dental, and Life Benefits – Short Term and Long Term Disability*

*• 401k Matching – Profit Sharing*

*• Paid Time Off*

*• Paid Holidays*

*• Professional Training and Certification Opportunities*

*\*\*American Cyber is an Equal Opportunity Employer*

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $125,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year

Benefits:
* 401(k)
* 401(k) matching
* Dental insurance
* Disability insurance
* Employee discount
* Health insurance
* Life insurance
* Paid time off
* Professional development assistance
* Referral program
* Retirement plan
* Vision insurance
Schedule:
* 8 hour shift
* Day shift
* Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
* Bonus pay

Experience:
* DoD IT Enterprise and Architecture: 10 years (Required)

Education:
* Bachelor's (Required)

License:
* Security + (Required)
* CISSP (Preferred)
* ITIL V3 Foundation (Preferred)

Work authorization:
* United States (Required)

Security Clearance Required:
* Secret (Required)

This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
* Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail

Company's website:
* www.americancyber.com

Benefit Conditions:
* Only full-time employees eligible

Work Remotely:
* Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,"American Cyber, Inc.","Fort Belvoir, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
57,Data Architect,"$95k-$152k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Role purpose

Thought leader who leads the design, development/remediation, and evolution of complex data systems, landscapes, technologies, and solutions – creates and drives the strategy and adoption roadmap for Data, Analytics, and Reporting
Partner closely with Roadmap Managers, Business Partners, and PMO to ensure responsible, pragmatic, and long-sighted solutions in alignment with CTO and CIO strategic direction; always seeking to understand data consumers’ needs, avoid risk, and develop pragmatic solutions
Collaborate with the Delivery, Support, and Security teams in operationalizing and supporting the data management, analytics, modelling, and tooling landscape
Serve as a steward for data standards, best practices, and governance models and processes
Develop conceptual, logical and physical data models to support data analysis, mining, analytical models, and business intelligence
Hands on root cause analysis, system review, remediation, audit, and best practices
Remediate, re-design, scope, deliver, and maintain current- and target-state data architectures
Ensure technology solutions are in alignment with data architecture principles and target state
Oversee end-to-end data life cycle management activities
Evaluate and recommend emerging technologies for data management, storage, ingestion, transformation, integration, data science, machine learning, and analytics
Main accountabilities

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience (+5y) in Computer Science, Engineering or related field
Experience with Big Data (PaaS) and data science – specifically, ingestion, transformation, data stores, modelling, analytics, and predictive analytics
Solid knowledge and management skills specifically with master data management, data transformation, and database engineering techniques -
Needs experience integrating to data sources like CRM solutions such as Salesforce, ERP systems such as SAP ECC, Reporting tools such as PowerBI, Adaptive Insights, SAP BW/BObJ, and/or SAP BW.
Ability to remediate and improve current data infrastructure to higher performing and scalable one (IaaS)
Ability to relate architectural decisions and recommendations to business need
+7y Experience with Big Data technologies (e.g., SQL, NoSQL, Oracle, AWS PaaS)
+7y Experience with integration from data sources, data architecture (ingestion, data store, transformation, modelling, and serving data to visualization applications) and other business intelligence methods
Ability to regularly learn and adopt new platforms
+7y Experience developing reference architecture, principles and standards for data infrastructure, applications, and integration
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to communicate and influence across all levels of the organization and work with diverse project teams
Drive thought leadership and stewardship around pragmatic adoption of new technologies related to optimized data structures, ingestion and integration methods, modelling and data science approaches, and landscape evolution.

Performance measures

Key Performance Indicators – all advisory, architectural stewardship, or delivery support
Data architecture Integration scope & capabilities
Master data management, governance, and support
Delivery & Roadmap Manager support capabilities
Security policy best practises and compliance
Portability of data architecture – specifically configuration and processes
Scalability in data architecture functionally, reliability, and performance
Legislative requirements
A duty to take care of your own health, safety, and that of others who may be affected by your actions at work. Fully co-operate to help everyone meet their legal safety requirements.
Adhere to all defined local environmental laws, regulations and permit requirements.
Adhere to all defined local food safety laws, regulations and requirements.

Skills and experience required
Ideal Candidate Profile
Technical Mastery & wisdom
Collaborative, democratic team leader
Business Understanding
Learning Agility
Curiosity
Excellent Listening & Communication skills
High emotional intelligence
Responsive, not reactive
Assertive, but inclusive style
Negotiative and rigorous in approach, but personable and warm in personality
Pragmatic but creative problem solver
Sensitive to organizational dynamics – specifically around change and dynamic personalities
Inclusive, but decisive and action-oriented
Results driven, highly organised, and discipline

#LI-DW1

California Consumer Privacy Act (""CCPA"")

The Company is committed to complying with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and all data privacy and laws in the jurisdictions in which it recruits and hires employees. We collect the following categories of personal information for the purpose of hiring the best qualified applicants and to comply with applicable employment laws: Name and contact information; Job preference and work availability; Social Security Number and/or other identification information; Education and qualifications; Employment history and experience; Military service; Reference and background check information, including relevant criminal history and credit history; Social media information; Pre-employment test results; Post-offer medical examination information and results, including drug test results; Voluntary self-disclosure information regarding minority, veteran, and disability status; and Information provided by you during the hiring process.",4.0,"Tate & Lyle
4.0","Hoffman Estates, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1859,Company - Public,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
58,Data Architect,"$70k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Architect will be responsible for overseeing the implementation of the ClickDimensions data strategy across all product lines.Specific responsibilities include:• Participate in the formation of the overall corporate data strategy relating to both transactional and analytic data processing.• Manage a team of Data Architects, both on-shore and off-shore.• Provide oversight of all data related architectures.• Anticipate business needs and proactively integrate data to enable stakeholders to make data-driven decisions.• Work on large-scale Big Data projects.• Map the systems and interfaces used to manage data, set standards for data management, analyze current state and conceive desired future state, and conceive projects needed to close the gap between current state and future goals.• Provide a standard common business vocabulary, express strategic data requirements, outline high level integrated designs to meet these requirements, and align with enterprise strategy and related business architectures.• Set data architecture principles, create models of data that enable the implementation of the intended business architecture.• Create diagrams showing key data entities, and create an inventory of the data needed to implement the architecture vision.• Establish best practices for naming, governing, managing, modeling, cleansing, transforming, moving, storing, and searching all data within ClickDimensions.• Interact with internal and external resources to understand data requirements, source location, transformation requirements, calculations, etc.• Hands on lead for data consolidation and syndication (from various source systems including internal databases, Cloud based data stores, and third-party API/Web Service calls, in batch, near real-time, and real-time).• Define and establish a data governance process to include enterprise data governance and data conformance to govern policies required to ensure data integrity.• Establish a process for the use of data architecture frameworks to include business data management, business intelligence, data quality and data usage.• Participate in architecture reviews of applications as part of the project lifecycle. Ensure that data governance processes are established and integrated in existing systems as well as in the formation of new and revised systems.• Define 3rd party application integration approach both from application and data perspective. Collaborate with integration development lead on 3rd party application integrations.• Manage own learning and contribute to technical skill building of the team.Qualifications:• 10+ years of experience in data architecture. (relational and dimensional data modeling, with heavy emphasis on providing data for analytics.)• Experience with ETL data transforms, design and structures• Decision maker and agent of change• Hands-on experience architecting complex solutions with Azure Data Services, Data Lakes, Databricks, and Data Factory• Data Pipeline, and related understanding of data injestion, movement, and transformation across Azure Cloud services• Demonstrated knowledge and/or understanding of Azure-based tools and services that support data storage, e.g. Azure SQL, Blob and Structured and Non-Structured Storage, Cosmos DB• Hands-on Infrastructure as a code experience• Hands-on Software development experience using Azure native solutions like Azure Functions, DevOps CI/CD etc.• Programming experience in .NET, C#, Python and other languages• Handling of data ingress and egress from the cloud (Azure, AWS)• Estimating cloud costs, and identifying associated cost-control mechanisms• Deep experience in Software design and development, Master Data Management; Database architecture, Storage and Security• 5+ years of experience leading a development team onshore and geographically distributed• Experience with high volume, multi-tenant database architectures.• Experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop, Cassandra, Google BigQuery, etc.• Understanding of third-party data sources such as Google Analytics, Google Adwords, social media feeds, etc.• Familiarity with Microsoft Dynamics 365.• Experience deploying solutions to Cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, etc.• Experience extracting/writing data through API calls and web services.• Strong SQL skills.• Excellent communicator.• Highly detail-oriented and intellectually curious.• Strong analytical, problem solving, and prioritization skills.Bonus Points For:• Experience with data provisioning to machine learning technologies.• Experience with data warehousing solutions like Synapse, Snowflake.• Experience with MongoDB and CosmosDB.• Experience with Microsoft CDS/CDM.• Marketing automation and/or digital marketing agency experience/knowledge.ClickDimensions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind. ClickDimensions is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at ClickDimensions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. ClickDimensions will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics.",3.3,"ClickDimensions
3.3","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
59,Research Cloud Architect - Rush Research Core,"$94k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Research Cloud Architect - Rush Research Core
Department:
Shift: 1st
Specialty: Research
Job Number: 2020-1770
Date Posted: 08/18/2020
Position Type: Research

Job Qualifications:

At Rush University Medical Center, we are committed to advancing scientific medical knowledge through research. We are revitalizing our medical centers with an emphasis on productivity, transparency and accountability. Are you looking to be a part of the exciting, always evolving and expanding new developments in research here at Rush University Medical Center? Are you well experienced in working with a variety of group, single and industry oriented studies?
If this describes you, you may be the right candidate for the Research Cloud Architect position with the Research Core.
Position Highlights:
This position will support the research, quality improvement, and business analysis needs of Rush University Medical Center. Assist in the development, deployment, and maintenance of cloud-based, data-driven applications and solutions to support clinical research. This position will have a direct reporting relationship to the Director of Clinical Research Analytics. Exemplifies the Rush mission, vision and values and act in accordance with Rush policies and procedures.

Position Responsibilities:
Design, develop, deploy, and administer solutions that use services of a dedicated Azure Resource Group, including:
Virtual Machines
SQL Server Databases
Application Services
Kubernetes
IoT Hubs
Manage research solutions that integrate cloud applications from other vendors, including Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform.
Gather solution requirements from researchers. Work with clinical experts and Information Systems to determine feasibility, timelines, and costs of data requests.
Support the Rush Research Core in collaborations that involve multiple institutions and multi-site studies.

Required Position Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in information sci?ence, computer science, epidemiology, biostatistics, or other technical or scientific discipline.
3 years of experience in the design, deployment, maintenance, and support of cloud solutions in Azure, AWS, or Google.
Certification in at least one of the following:
Microsoft Azure Solutions Architect Expert
Microsoft Azure DevOps Engineer Expert
Strong analytic, issue resolution, and facilitation skills.
Able to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner.
Able to prioritize and multi-task to manage expectations of multiple stakeholders.
Able to deliver high quality, timely work product with significant autonomy.
Able to adapt to rapid changes in project or data requirements and changing directions.
Strong written and verbal communication
Effective interpersonal and teamwork skills.

Preferred Position Qualifications:
5 years of experience as a database administrator (preferably Microsoft SQL Server).
Experience with Amazon Web Services.
Experience with Google Cloud Platform.
Experience in cloud container architectures such as Docker.
Experience as a DevOps or TechOps engineer.
Experience with healthcare information technology in the hospital setting.
Experience with Epic's clinical data warehouses (Clarity and Caboodle).
Experience with data science techniques, including natural language processing or machine learning.
Experience in managing bioinformatics files relevant to genomics, including BAM, FASTQ, and VCF files.
Experience with regulatory compliance for and governance of clinical research, including HIPAA, the Common Rule (45 CFR 46), and Institutional Review Boards (IRBs).
Experience with common data models (CDMs) relevant to research informatics, including OMOP and PCORI.
Experience with applications relevant to research informatics, including i2b2, LEAF, and CTMS.

Company Highlights:
Rush was recently ranked among the top 20 hospitals in the nation by U.S. News & World Report.
Eleven Rush programs were recently ranked among the nation's best by U.S. News & World Report.
Rush was recently ranked first for Quality and Accountability among US academic medical centers in a study conducted by the health care performance improvement company Vizient.
The Association for the Accreditation of Human Research Protection Programs (AAHRPP) has awarded Rush full accreditation for three years. Rush is one of the first academic medical centers in Illinois to receive this accreditation.
As an academic medical center, Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois, is committed to advancing medical knowledge through research. Investigators at Rush are involved in more than 1,600 projects, including hundreds of clinical studies to test the effectiveness and safety of new therapies and medical devices, as well as to expand scientific and medical knowledge.
Rush University is home to one of the first medical colleges in the Midwest and one of the nation's top-ranked nursing colleges, as well as graduate programs in allied health, health systems management and biomedical research.

Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.

At Rush University Medical Center, we are committed to advancing scientific medical knowledge through research. We are revitalizing our medical centers with an emphasis on productivity, transparency and accountability. Are you looking to be a part of the exciting, always evolving and expanding new developments in research here at Rush University Medical Center? Are you well experienced in working with a variety of group, single and industry oriented studies?
If this describes you, you may be the right candidate for the Research Cloud Architect position with the Research Core.
Position Highlights:
This position will support the research, quality improvement, and business analysis needs of Rush University Medical Center. Assist in the development, deployment, and maintenance of cloud-based, data-driven applications and solutions to support clinical research. This position will have a direct reporting relationship to the Director of Clinical Research Analytics. Exemplifies the Rush mission, vision and values and act in accordance with Rush policies and procedures.

Position Responsibilities:
Design, develop, deploy, and administer solutions that use services of a dedicated Azure Resource Group, including:
Virtual Machines
SQL Server Databases
Application Services
Kubernetes
IoT Hubs
Manage research solutions that integrate cloud applications from other vendors, including Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform.
Gather solution requirements from researchers. Work with clinical experts and Information Systems to determine feasibility, timelines, and costs of data requests.
Support the Rush Research Core in collaborations that involve multiple institutions and multi-site studies.

Required Position Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in information sci?ence, computer science, epidemiology, biostatistics, or other technical or scientific discipline.
3 years of experience in the design, deployment, maintenance, and support of cloud solutions in Azure, AWS, or Google.
Certification in at least one of the following:
Microsoft Azure Solutions Architect Expert
Microsoft Azure DevOps Engineer Expert
Strong analytic, issue resolution, and facilitation skills.
Able to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner.
Able to prioritize and multi-task to manage expectations of multiple stakeholders.
Able to deliver high quality, timely work product with significant autonomy.
Able to adapt to rapid changes in project or data requirements and changing directions.
Strong written and verbal communication
Effective interpersonal and teamwork skills.

Preferred Position Qualifications:
5 years of experience as a database administrator (preferably Microsoft SQL Server).
Experience with Amazon Web Services.
Experience with Google Cloud Platform.
Experience in cloud container architectures such as Docker.
Experience as a DevOps or TechOps engineer.
Experience with healthcare information technology in the hospital setting.
Experience with Epic's clinical data warehouses (Clarity and Caboodle).
Experience with data science techniques, including natural language processing or machine learning.
Experience in managing bioinformatics files relevant to genomics, including BAM, FASTQ, and VCF files.
Experience with regulatory compliance for and governance of clinical research, including HIPAA, the Common Rule (45 CFR 46), and Institutional Review Boards (IRBs).
Experience with common data models (CDMs) relevant to research informatics, including OMOP and PCORI.
Experience with applications relevant to research informatics, including i2b2, LEAF, and CTMS.

Company Highlights:
Rush was recently ranked among the top 20 hospitals in the nation by U.S. News & World Report.
Eleven Rush programs were recently ranked among the nation's best by U.S. News & World Report.
Rush was recently ranked first for Quality and Accountability among US academic medical centers in a study conducted by the health care performance improvement company Vizient.
The Association for the Accreditation of Human Research Protection Programs (AAHRPP) has awarded Rush full accreditation for three years. Rush is one of the first academic medical centers in Illinois to receive this accreditation.
As an academic medical center, Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois, is committed to advancing medical knowledge through research. Investigators at Rush are involved in more than 1,600 projects, including hundreds of clinical studies to test the effectiveness and safety of new therapies and medical devices, as well as to expand scientific and medical knowledge.
Rush University is home to one of the first medical colleges in the Midwest and one of the nation's top-ranked nursing colleges, as well as graduate programs in allied health, health systems management and biomedical research.

Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.",3.8,"Rush University Medical Center
3.8","Chicago, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1837,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
60,Data Architect,-1,"NO Third party agencies.

We are seeking a talented Data Architect (Snowflake) to serve as a data management subject matter expert and is responsible for designing, creating, deploying and managing the organization's data architecture. The Data Architect Lead is responsible for ensuring the organization’s data assets are in line with the defined data architecture and with the goals of the business. In order to accomplish this, the data architect will work collaboratively with a cross section of technical and non-technical users.

What You Can Look Forward To:
• Providing leadership and guidance with enterprise data strategies.
• Revising data dictionary definitions, governance practices, and standards.
• Creating and maintaining enterprise conceptual, logical, and physical data models.
• Creating data models that conform to existing standards and conventions.
• Evaluating and recommending new and emerging data management and storage technologies and standards.
• Ensuring consistency between data management, enterprise storage and all other technical system components.
• Create and maintain a corporate repository of all data architecture artifacts.
• Adhere to Agile principles and philosophies (Scrum or Kanban, as applicable) in fulfillment of the role.
• Collaborate within the direct team in accordance with Team Agreement, Definition of Ready, and Definition of Done.
• Work as a cross-functional team member in an Agile setting to help complete and deliver the team commitments.
• Collaborate across teams and across business areas in the spirit of an Agile mindset.
• Fulfill the role in the spirit of the Agile Manifesto, with emphasis on delivery of incremental value with frequent iterations and feedback loops.
• Regular and reliable attendance.
• Responsible for reporting risks that are identified to the appropriate team and/or management. Additionally, responsible for managing, monitoring and reporting risks within the scope of your work area, to include, but not limited to Information Security risks.
What You’ll Need To Succeed:
• Bachelor’s degree in Analytics, Data Science, Data Management, Computer Information Systems, Computer Science or equivalent training and/or experience.
• 7-10 years of experience with information technology programs and services, with at least 5 years demonstrated expertise in enterprise data management and related technologies.
• Experience with Snowflake cloud data platform, web services, enterprise data management, information security, applications development, and cloud-based architectures.
• Data management best practices and trends.
• Expert knowledge of enterprise data management technologies, including database platforms such as SQL Server and Oracle, ETL tools, and SQL.
• Understanding of information systems and data life-cycle management best practices and methodologies, such as systems development life cycle (SDLC).
• Agile development methodology and concepts.
• Knowledge of emerging data managements trends such as NoSQL/Big Data, streaming data, etc.
• Common data architecture patterns such as entity-relationship and dimensional modeling.
• Master Data Management (MDM) concepts and strategies for implementation.
• Financial Services industry knowledge preferred.
• Data modeling tools such as ERwin, Toad Data Modeler, E/R Studio, etc.
• Expert T-SQL, SQL, PL/SQL.
• Snowflake/Talend /Azure or AWS cloud.
• Generate visualizations of simple to complex processes.
• Able to explain technical concepts in a concise manner to non-technical users.
• Microsoft Office – Word, Excel, Visio.
• Advanced communication skills and customer relationship skills.",4.5,"Infinite Resource Solutions
4.5",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
61,Application Architect,"$99k-$145k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB DESCRIPTION

Optima is looking for a passionate, talented, hands on Application Architect, who blends solid software architecture and product development expertise with proven experience. The ideal candidate will have experience designing and implementing SaaS based applications within a progressive technology stack utilizing .NET, Java, Web technologies, and SQL Server/MySQL and Microservices in an Agile environment. We are seeking someone who is interested in developing and delivering micro service-based solutions running in AWS/Azure. In this role, you will have the ability to work directly with decision-makers to set direction, grow an enterprise capability, and drive business value through AI-fueled products.

This position is temporarily a remote work role due to COVID19, but will eventually report to our offices in Santa Ana, CA

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
7 years of experience as an Application Architect
Experience with Java, .NET, C#, SQL Server, MySQL, Amazon Aurora
In-depth knowledge in SaaS and experience with AWS
Experience working with SQL Server, My SQL
3 years of hands on experience to create/maintain micro services:
Heavy experience with microservices using REST/JSON
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering or Computer Science
Excellent communication skills. Must understand the problem client is facing and introduce best technical solution for this problem.
PREFERRED SKILLS
Experience working with React, Angular Apps
3 years of experience in ETL software development
Familiarity with Azure
Good Experience with Continuous Integration and hands-on experience (tools like Jenkins, TeamCity, Maven, Ant, Bamboo)
Strong understanding of DevOps technologies
Proficient in current development and source code management tools (BitBucket, Git, TFS)
Good understanding in event processing/messaging, logging, auditing and metrics
Good understanding of Data Warehousing architectures, techniques, and methodologies; including Star Schemas, Snowflake Schemas, Slowly Changing Dimensions, and Aggregation Techniques
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Architect/Design technical solution, including overall system design, class design and database design
Create detailed written technical documentation based on functional requirements and as part of the SDLC.
Create, design, develop and document software based on technical requirements.
Build prototypes
Participate in code reviews, code analysis and identification of software risks. Training other team members in areas of software development, technical documentation.
Tests and reviews programming to discover any errors and confirm that the programs meet required specifications.
Exceptional knowledge of rational databases (Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL), ORM and SQL Queries.
Solid understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP), design patterns and programming skills.
Experience in turning complex problems into simple and engaging experiences for the web and mobile.
Development of secure applications (role-based security, authorization, authentication, etc.)
Detail oriented and organized with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, both independently and as part of a team.
Extensive experience with web and database technologies: ASP.NET, C#.NET, MVC, WebAPI and T-SQL.
Experience with XML/XSL, DTD, XML Schemas, Web Services, React, JavaScript, AJAX, Python, and IIS.
Experience with agile/scrum methodologies
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
micro services: 3 years (Required)
.NET: 10 years (Required)
Cloud Development: 5 years (Required)
software architecture: 5 years (Required)
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
Company's website:
optimataxrelief.com",4.6,"Optima Tax Relief
4.6","Santa Ana, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
62,Data Architect - Azure,"$64k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Established in 2008, Reliant provides short term working capital for small and mid-sized businesses nationwide. Reliant has been named to the Inc. 500/5000 for 7 consecutive years and San Diego Business Journal’s 100 Fastest Growing Private Companies the past 7 years. Reliant is a leading alternative source for Small Business Funding, the 28th fastest growing Financial Services company in the United States.
Reliant is currently seeking a Database Architect to support our existing on-premise Microsoft data architecture and AWS cloud data architecture. The candidate must have experiencing designing and implementing information management systems. In this position, you will collaborate with enterprise business applications team, business lines of business, and analytics team to ensure data is secure, correct, and available. Our ideal candidate has an extreme attention to detail, is quick on their feet to solve problems, and has strong verbal and written communication skills to succeed as part of the IT team.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities*
Research and properly evaluate sources of information to determine possible limitations in reliability or usability
Apply sampling techniques to effectively determine and define ideal categories to be questioned
Compare and analyze provided statistical information to identify patterns, relationships, and problems
Define and utilize statistical methods to solve industry-specific problems in varying fields, such as economics and engineering
Design computer code using various languages to improve and update software and applications
Refer to previous instances and findings to determine the ideal method for gathering data
Understand business problems and opportunities in the context of our business objectives
Ensure data remains consistent across systems
Aid in conceptual and physical database design to meet business requirements
Ensure data and metadata are clearly defined and documented
Support data governance from a data / information systems perspective
Architect and Manage our data lake and govern our data pipelines
Work with internal stakeholders and third-party access to data
Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders on database and Datawarehouse conceptual and logical design
Implement and maintain database physical design
Maintain data standards, including adherence to the Data Protection Act
Maintain and organize database documentation, including data standards, procedures, and definitions for the data dictionary (metadata)
Manage our data control access permissions and privileges
Develop, manage, and test back-up and recovery plans
Ensure that storage and archiving procedures are functioning correctly
Communicate regularly with technical, applications and operational staff to ensure database integrity and security
Manage the security and disaster recovery aspects of a database
Managing user access and permissions for data access
Implement tuning / query performance, indexing and optimization for better scalability
Education and Experience*
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science or related field
7-10 years of experience designing and implementing enterprise data & analytics architectures required, including experience managing delivery of multiple simultaneous complex technology solutions
7-10 years of experience in a lead role, either managing or advising large and strategic project teams required
Extensive experience in relational database and Datawarehouse architecture
Experience in modern cloud data architectures (data lake, distributed, etc.)
Required Skills and Abilities*
Advance knowledge of MS SQL Server, SSRS, SSIS, SSAS, including tuning queries for performance
AWS is great but Azure experience is highly preferred
Strong experience and proficiency with best practices for deploying data integration architectures used for data management (ETL)
Trusted to work independently with stakeholders at all levels
Experience with modern technology service architectural hosting, security, and risk management concerns (e.g., Cloud Data Warehouse, Data Engineering Pipeline, Data Preparation and Modeling, Advanced Analytics, Data Services and Consumption) required
Knowledge of the Microsoft infrastructure and solution stacks operating in on premise, cloud, and hybrid hosting environments
Experience in Agile/Scrum, or ITIL principals with experience implementing one of these practices preferred
Ability to execute projects and tasks with minimal guidance and supervision
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Excellent data gathering, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Expert in T-SQL, PL/SQL, stored procedures, AWS cloud services, Business intelligence tools including BusinessObjects, Tableau, SOQL
Experience with both On-Prem Microsoft SQL Server and Azure SQL and Data Services platforms
Experience with Power BI preferred
Understanding of information systems and data life-cycle management best practices and methodologies, such as systems development life cycle (SDLC)
Knowledge of emerging data managements trends such as NoSQL/Big Data, streaming data, etc.
Financial Services industry knowledge preferred
Familiarity with storage blobs (S3, or Azure Blob Storage, Azure data lake store)
Indexing and query performances tuning
Database storage optimization
Maintenance of replicated publication
Database design and ER familiarity
Familiarity with DAX, MDX, Power BI (optional)
Full stack development experience a plus
Qualifications*
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Physical Demands*
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential functions of this role include sitting and standing for long periods of time, typing, data entry, reading on a computer, and communicating face to face and on telephone.
Work Environment*
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
We Offer*
Medical, Vision and Dental Benefits
Group Life, LTD and AD&D (Employer paid)
401K with match
Group team building events
Free onsite gym
Paid sick, vacation and holidays
Fun work environment
Casual dress code
Reliant Funding is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and takes great pride in building a diverse work environment. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
Azure: 1 year (Required)
Location:
San Diego, CA 92121 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)",3.7,"Reliant Funding
3.7","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
63,Data Architect,"$52k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Architect

Benefits Data Trust (BDT)
seeks a capable Data Architect to lead the development of our new Google Cloud data platform, lead our Data Engineering team, and run our current data infrastructure. BDT embraces Data4Good and is a fast-growing, digitally enabled non-profit that improves benefits access for thousands of underserved people.

As a leader in our Data Science department, the Data Architect will:
Design the platform architecture on Google Cloud Platform, including machine learning productionization capabilities, and collecting inputs from teams around the organization
Lead the Data Engineering team and data platform development, including the transition and cutover plan from the existing approach to the new platform
Manage the Data Engineering team and its workload across several internal customers, including the current data engineering work while the platform is developed
Collaborate with internal customers to identify ongoing platform improvements (teams including Analytics, Projects, Policy, Software Engineering, and others throughout the organization)
Define and establish data access and performance design standards for the data platform, software engineering, and all products and services accessing BDT information.
Implement continuous improvements with the Data Engineering team using our existing tools/technologies, which include SQL, Airflow, Python, Docker/Kubernetes, and others such as Terraform and Apache Beam. May also be required to research and select other tools when the situation demands
Manage the implementation of data governance in our platform, including security, role-based access and other features as appropriate
Demonstrate and reinforce key attributes & values of our department, including curiosity, critical thinking, drive to completion, empathy, and a focus on impact.
Based in our Center City Philadelphia office, the Data Architect reports to the Director of Data Science.

Due to COVID-19, BDT is operating under a remote-working protocol, following governmental requirements and CDC guidelines. While this job will begin as fully remote, when BDT determines it is safe to do so based on public health recommendations, we will move back into our Centre Square office. At that time, all Philadelphia-based staff are expected to transition back into the office.

Successful candidates will demonstrate the following through their experience:
Communication and Relationship-building – with both technical and non-technical peers and stakeholders
Cloud-based Solution Architecture, for data platforms and infrastructure, including event-driven architectures, microservices and pattern design, supporting compliance and regulated environments (including PII and PHI)
Workflow and pipeline design to ensure reliability, availability, and consistency
Systems Engineering – orchestrating services, containers, and servers – typically in *nix environments
Data Modeling and Warehousing – schema and model design across structured and unstructured data and use cases including machine learning, BI, and Analytics – all the way through to implementation oversight
Automation, monitoring, and alerting – pattern design and implementation oversight
Cloud engineering – certification on any of the major hyperscale cloud platforms
Data Encapsulation & Transfer methodologies – designed for all formats and methods, including queuing methods
Also interested in relevant experience including:
Experience with BI implementations/uplifts (we currently use Looker) and/or Data Governance models and method
Machine learning techniques, productionizing machine learning models, and/or creating models
About BDT

Benefits Data Trust (BDT) is a national nonprofit that helps people live healthier, more independent lives by creating smarter ways to access essential benefits and services. Each year, BDT helps tens of thousands of people receive critical supports using data, technology, targeted outreach, and policy change. Since its inception in 2005, BDT has screened more than one million households and secured over $7 billion in benefits and services. BDT employs more than 200 people and provides enrollment assistance to individuals in six states, and policy assistance to states nationwide. For more information, visit bdtrust.org.",3.3,"Benefits Data Trust
3.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
64,Data Architect,-1,"Veteran Firm Seeking a Data Architect for Assignment in Washington, DC

My name is Stephen Hrutka and I lead a Veteran-owned consulting firm in Washington, DC focused on strategic sourcing, supply chain, and IT Staffing.

We are looking to fill a Data Architect role for the District of Columbia for the DC Government.

The ideal candidate is a DC Resident, has 16+ years of Data/ Enterprise Architect experience, and SQL ETL development/ programming experience.

If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Executive Summary: HRUCKUS is looking for an expert at architecture & design of analytic solutions with data lakes, data warehouses and BI platforms. Deep expertise with data warehousing, data modeling, master data management, metadata, pipelines, integrations, BI, and advanced analytical concepts.

Position Skills/Talents/Responsibilities:
Design and develop cutting-edge data solutions using existing and emerging (cloud) platforms
Elicitation and analysis of data requirements; implementation of data architecture projects
Deep knowledge of information architecture methodologies; enterprise wide data architecture for designing and building data lakes, data warehouses and marts and BI reporting databases
Building and enforcing data standards; managing data diagrams and process flows
Design, create and optimize complex queries for data extraction, transformation and load (ETL) processes
Architect solutions for the design and implementation of Big Data Infrastructure
Administer user access and security and implement user-defined security rules
Define information models supporting data assets of complex data structures represented in various data management systems such as graph, relational and hierarchical
Guide other teams to design, develop, and deploy data sets and tools that support product use cases
Maintain data standards in compliance w DC Government, Federal and CJIS requirements
Operate as a Trusted advisor (expert data architect); helps in shaping use cases and implementation plans
Excellent work ethic centered on collaborative, sharing of knowledge and a we will find a solution mindset
An expert problem solver who is open minded, flexible and has high energy
Skill

Required / Desired

Amount
Designing and development of data warehouses (both traditional and cloud based)

Required

16
Leading projects, ensuring they are in compliance with established standards/procedures

Required

12
Bachelor’s degree in IT or related field or equivalent experience

Required

20
Experience in providing cloud-based data warehouse solutions such as AWS and Azure

Highly Desired

3
Experience with Tableau, Informatica, Cognos, MS SQL and MySQL

Required

10
Knowledge of functional and technical specification development

Required

16
Experience as a Data Warehouse Architect using MS SQL Server, Informatica and any other streaming tools such as Attunity or Kafka

Required

12
Experience with SQL ETL development/programming

Required

12
Experience as a Data/Enterprise Architect

Required

16
Experience diagramming/modeling using structured modeling language like UML

Required

12",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
65,Senior SAP Supply Chain Architect,"$68k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","SUMMARY

The Senior SAP Supply Chain Architect is a hands-on role that will provide thought and technical design leadership and direction as a part of the Supply Chain Information Technology organization. This position will lead the technical architecture and design of an E2E manufacturing operations solution as a component of a new SAP S4/Hana implementation.

This Architect serves as the technical SAP Manufacturing expert and will partner with the broader overall organization architects and technical experts from all areas of the business operations. The person in this position is required to work with FICO, Material Management, Variant Configuration, Sales and Distribution and Order to Cash. This SAP Manufacturing Architect works on an implementation within the automotive industry within a high volume supply chain operation.

The person in this position will proactively work with both technical and business teams to resolve and reduce identified gaps and changes.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Accountable for architecture and design documentation and review of SAP blueprint.
Responsible for identifying and removing/addressing process & system exceptions.
Oversees technical direction across multiple projects required to implement a Supply Chain manufacturing operations solution.
Responsible for maintaining the EA repository for assigned projects/assets/initiatives.
Supports development team to define and document solution architecture as part of a new initiative or enhancement.
Provides technical mentorship to development teams by providing platforms/technologies/solutions expertise.
Proactively informs/interfaces with the Product Owner, Application Development team, and Architecture team to identify solutions and opportunities.
Delivers business value using creative and effective approaches.
Presents complex ideas in a clear and concise manner in single or group environments through various formats to mentor the IT team.
Other duties may be assigned
SAP System configuration
Light SAP administrative duties
Change management contributions

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, MIS or other business discipline from a four-year college or university. 10+ years of experience in SAP solutions architecture required; or possess an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Experience architecting solutions with SAP
Experience in delivering technical enterprise solutions to business initiatives
Experience producing enterprise guidelines and standards
The ideal candidate will have experience with the SAP Vehicle Management System module and experience with Supply Chain Management.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential function satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

The physical requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. While performing the duties of the job, the associate is required on a daily basis to analyze and interpret data, communicate, and remain in a stationary position for a significant amount of the work day; and frequently access, input, and retrieve information from the computer and other office productivity devices. The associate is regularly required to move about the office and around the corporate campus. The associate is occasionally required to travel to other sites, including out-of-state, where applicable, for business. The associate must frequently move up to 10 pounds and occasionally move up to 25 pounds.

WORK ENVIRONMENT

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. While the job is generally performed in an office environment, the associate is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions, areas in which moving mechanical parts, fumes, toxic or caustic chemicals are present, and outside weather conditions. The noise level in the office environment is typically quiet, but the associate may be occasionally exposed to loud noise levels.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Minimal travel is required for this position (up to 20% of the time and on a domestic basis).

Is legally able to work in the United States.

The Friedkin Group and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain drug-free workplaces by conducting pre-employment drug testing",3.7,"Gulf States Toyota, Inc.
3.7","Houston, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1969,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
66,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"Who makes a great addition to our team:
Curious doers. We look for people who get sh*t done, but not at the risk of doing the wrong thing. We want people who ask questions, challenge, and engage in egoless debate to get to the right end goal.
Rigor, not ruthlessness. We look for people who enjoy working hard and pushing themselves and each other, but this works for us only as much as we are kind and supportive of one another.
Big picture leadership. We expect all of our teammates to be leaders and for them to step back and step forward at the right time for the harmony of the greater team and the big picture.

What we're looking for:
Strong educational background in Computer Science, Math or a related field
A minimum of five years experience working with data warehouses
A minimum of two years experience working with object oriented languages
A minimum of two years experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling
A minimum of of experience writing SQL statements

As a Senior Data Engineer you will tackle:
Managing the dtx data warehouse and data lake and own data quality for allocated areas of ownership, including defining and managing SLA for all data sets.
Partnering with the Data Science and Analytics team to investigate and implement advanced statistical models and machine learning pipelines.
Assisting client support and sales with client integrations.",4.7,"the dtx company
4.7","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
67,Solutions Architect (Oracle Utilities),-1,"Job Title*
Solutions Architect (Oracle Utilities)*
I. General Information*
Division: *Consulting Services
Position Reports to: *TBD
Status: *Exempt
II. Job Description Summary*
The *Solutions Architect *is a senior-level technical resource, responsible for working with various internal and external application owners and project leads to translate business requirements to technical requirements, architect/design solutions, build/develop solutions, and fully document solutions. The Solutions Architect is considered an enterprise wide technical expert and is expected to comprehend, develop, and maintain complex solutions spanning multiple platforms and technologies. This resource should maintain relevant certifications and an in depth understanding of current best practices for design, development, testing, security, and documentation standards.
III. Essential Responsibilities*
Considered the “enterprise wide technical expert” and is expected to have superior knowledge of system and application architecture
Expected to consistently demonstrate or surpass decision-making, problem solving, analytical, communication, and team processing skills.
Will be responsible for supporting multiple large mission critical business or infrastructure applications
Responsible for mentoring onsite and offsite developers and senior analysts on development best practices and helping them through system issues
Work with internal/external customers on enterprise wide projects. This may involve participating in RFI and RFP process as it pertains to system architecture and integration
Must be able to work well under pressure and with changing priorities and should have the ability to meet deadlines set by customers
Act as a liaison between the customer project/business team and technical resources
Ensure development team understands and adheres to client project schedules and service level agreements
Analyze and decompose highly complex business processes/requirements into technical design
Lead business process discovery sessions and technical design sessions
Work with technical resources and other subject matter experts to develop solutions to complex business problems
Adhere to client and Meridian SDLC & technical change management procedures, as well as enforce adherence by team members
Document requirements and create complex technical specifications and flow diagrams to hand off to technical and functional team members for solution build
Design and create configuration and code solutions with a high level of complexity and scope using industry standard programming and scripting languages, working with complex application designs and specifications, using standard SDLC best practices
Develop strategies for validation and testing of technical solutions and modifications to business processes
Prepare technical user manuals and system configuration documents
Complete training & development goals as assigned
Achieve job-related certifications as assigned
Perform other duties as assigned
IV. Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities*
Strong process analysis and design skills
Strong investigative skills
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting capabilities
Proficiency in software development coding in industry standard programming and scripting languages
Strong understanding of security standards for development and integration of solutions
Strong understanding of data flow and related processes
Strong understanding of utilities business processes
Strong business and technical writing ability
Strong verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences
Self-motivated, with the ability to work both individually and in a team environment
Strong presentation skills
Strong relationship skills
Proficiency with current versions of Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Project, and Visio
Ability to travel up to 100%
Ability to work outside of normal working hours, and to be on call and support a 24x7x365 operations environment
Must have a valid U.S. driver’s license
V. Education and Experience Requirements*
Bachelor’s degree in an Information Technology related area or equivalent experience preferred
7+ years of development experience – including: Java, J2EE, Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL, SOAP Web Services, RESTful Services and SOA Java, JavaScript, Shell Scripting, XML, Groovy, Oracle DB, MySQL DB, Web Application Frameworks, Data Modeling, Data Conversion, Data Warehousing
5-7 years of experience with Oracle Utilities Application Framework and related systems
3-5 years of experience with Oracle Utilities Application scripting languages
Experience with IDE tools such as Eclipse, JBoss Studio, Oracle JDeveloper
Experience with Oracle WebLogic
Experience with open source Continuous Integration applications
Experience with Git
Experience with Unix and Linux
Experience with Scripting languages such as Linux shell scripts, Perl, and Python
Experience with HTML
Experience developing message based interfaces including HTTP SOAP, RESTful web services, JSON, etc.
Team oriented individual, comfortable with customer collaboration, constant communication and self-directing tasks
Deep Knowledge of software development methodologies
Knowledge of Utilities business processes preferred
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: From $120,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Location:
Jacksonville, FL 32257 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
No",3.2,"Meridian Integration
3.2","Jacksonville, FL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Contract,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
68,Solutions Architect - eCom - Costco IT!,"$55k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","_PLEASE APPLY DIRECTLY TO: _*https://chm.tbe.taleo.net/chm02/ats/careers/v2/viewRequisition?org=COSTCO&cws=41&rid=3989
_Costco Wholesale, the second largest retailer in the world, is expected to continue its expansion and growth. A significant component of its growth is its eCommerce sector._*
SENIOR TECHNICAL ARCHITECT*, If you are looking for opportunities to apply your deep technical knowledge to a FAST GROWING Fortune14 eCommerce success story, then Costco is the company that is perfect for your skills and desire to architect change. The explosive growth that we have enjoyed is providing learning and development opportunities in all technology areas of our expanding IT organization. In the upcoming days - months & years, our eCommerce platforms will undergo a complete transformation, we will fully embrace the Cloud which will include a full migration to a services based architecture. These changes will provide excellent and unique opportunities to be on the leading edge for the right candidate to lead us into a whole new shift to Cloud and integration technologies. You will be responsible for immediate and highly visible technical solutions that will impact millions of Costco members.
_This position is at the forefront of this transformation _*and will be a great fit for a passionate and technically skilled candidate. All the technical solutions we design are driven by flexibility, very large scale, and quality as we serve millions of Costco members who expect excellence in all their online interaction with Costco. You will have the opportunity to apply and grow your skills in the design of highly scalable front-end, back-end, or system integration based solutions.
Our eCommerce teams and especially its Solution Architects are driven by a passion for quality and excellence in all their activities so if you would like to be the thought leader on such a dynamic team, *WE WOULD BE EXCITED* to get to know you.
Responsibilities*
You will make high business impact by:
Spending your days collaborating with, teaching, and learning from a diverse set of world class engineers.
Being obsessed with creating quality business and user facing solutions and living for face to face interactions with them to develop goals, strategies, and technology solutions.
Driving the design of end to end eCommerce solutions by effectively collaborating with professionals across Costco IT.
Seeking opportunities to leverage existing and new technologies to create Costco’s technological future.
Sharing your learnings to benefit our teams while continuing to grow your professional expertise.
Creating service based architecture patterns based on the industry needs and member insights.
Contributing to the most alluring solutions that no one in the industry has dared to build because the problems are breathtakingly challenging. That’s why we need you!
Job Duties/Essential Functions*
Design scalable, high availability solutions for a very large traffic eCommerce website.
Strategize with business and technical stakeholders on solution feasibility and conceptual designs.
Collaborate with cross functional teams to refine solution requirements and designs.
Assesses all project information to understand the scope, the current IT and business environment, objectives and priorities.
Creates the Conceptual Solution Architecture document.
Works with the Project Manager and Business Analyst to develop a high-level project schedule, resource plan for the project, and project costs.
Responsible for the technical content (architecture and design), integrity and quality of solution.
Accountable for the delivery of the solution as specified (by requirements and architecture).
Identifies new technologies and development tools as required.
Analyzes available assets (frameworks, reference architectures, etc.) to create transitional architectures.
Collaborate with business groups to map business requirements to architectural roadmaps and industry best practices
Defines system/technical use cases and requirements.
Addresses compliance requirements such as Payment Card Industry (PCI), Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Personally Identifiable Information (PII), and Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX).
Creates high-level models that guide solution architecture, including component, context, data-flow security, data, services, infrastructure, deployment and integration viewpoints.
Refines those high-level models based on ever-changing requirements.
Creates transitional architecture views as part of solution design.
Defines and documents the actions needed to close architecture gaps in support of business objectives.
Participates in reviews of the designs, prototypes and other technical deliverables to ensure they fulfill requirements and meet standards.
Regular and reliable workplace attendance at your assigned location.
Experience, Skills, Education & Licenses/Certifications*
REQUIRED: *
10+ years’ professional experience with medium to large eCommerce, Order Management Systems, or closely related areas..
7+ years’ hands-on architecture with broad COTS package integration experience.
Proficient in service oriented architecture (SOA), messaging, object-oriented programming concepts, multi-tiered distributed component based technology, legacy infrastructure platforms and technologies, and enterprise service bus.
Strong facilitation/negotiation skills.
Ability to interface with and influence people at multiple levels within the organization.
Knowledge of IT application architecture, design methodologies across multiple platforms.
Ability to translate technical ideas/designs to business language.
Thorough understanding of and experience with multiple SDLC methods (waterfall, XP, Peer Dev., SCRUM, etc.).
Has built good relationships with stakeholders and teams.
Strong interpersonal, negotiation, and coordination skills.
Excellent leadership skills.
Team player. Proven ability to work effectively within a large organization that operates using a matrix organization.
Ability to communicate trade-offs and transactional states with technical and business teams.
Ability to make architecture changes in a dynamic agile environment.
Recommended:
Solution Architecture Professional Certification (e.g., IASA CITA-F, CITA-A or higher).
Domain knowledge of Retail industry desired.
Other architecture certifications (e.g. TOGAF 9 certification, SEI).
Knowledge of IBM eCommerce platforms is a plus.
_PLEASE APPLY DIRECTLY TO: _*https://chm.tbe.taleo.net/chm02/ats/careers/v2/viewRequisition?org=COSTCO&cws=41&rid=3989
Apart from any religious or disability considerations, open availability is needed to meet the needs of the business. If hired, you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. THIS ROLE IS OPEN TO H1b SPONSORSHIP FOR IDEAL CANDIDATES*
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $1.00 - $2.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Relocation Assistance
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Costco IT is currently a work from home environment, although that is the individuals choice. We may not require relocation until we formally return to the offices. Some essential roles will be allowed back in the office.

Company's website:
www.costco.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.1,"Costco IT
4.1","Issaquah, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,General Merchandise & Superstores,Retail,$10+ billion (USD),-1
69,Principal Data Architect,"$104k-$166k
(Glassdoor Est.)","FINRA’s Data Platform team is looking for a passionate and innovative technologist with strong strategic and critical thinking skills to lead our Data Platform team. The successful candidate will demonstrate a strong balance of technical and business skills and will own responsibility for defining strategies and guiding implementation for the FINRA Data Platform.

The FINRA Data Platform is responsible for the collection, management and dissemination of data at FINRA. It’s an enterprise capability that services multiple business lines across the entire organization. The platform collects and processes billions of records (over 300 billion) each day in support of FINRA’s regulatory mission to protect investor and promote market integrity.

So…do you have experience with commercial software, startups, large-scale program execution, and AWS cloud? Are you excited about servant leadership for strong engineering teams shipping products that have broad industry impact? Are you interested in being part of a cutting-edge technology team? Then we would like to hear from you!

Work with engineering teams to design and deliver first class data solutions using existing and emerging technologies
Promote awareness and build expertise in current and emerging data technologies, architecture and patterns
Help lead design and architecture discussions
Collaborate with engineering teams on key technology choices and implementation
Stay on top of relevant technology trends, experiment, and support engineering team innovation

Qualifications

Proven track record guiding platform architecture and technology best practices in areas such as:
Big Data Processing (Spark, Hadoop, etc)
Data Management
Big Data Storage (S3, HDFS, etc)
Data Integration
Performance Optimization and Scaling
Strong communication skills to be able to communicate effectively with engineering teams, senior management, and partners
Demonstrated experience gaining trust and confidence at all levels of the organization
Strong interpersonal skills including mentoring, coaching, and collaboration
Strong understanding of development processes and agile methodologies

Desired Experience

AWS cloud
10+ years of experience in Data Architecture
4+ years of experience in Big Data Architecture
3+ years of experience on AWS
BS in computer science, or other related discipline

To be considered for this position, please submit an application.

The information provided above has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work of the position. It is not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required.

Please note: If the “Apply Now” button on a job board posting does not take you directly to the FINRA Careers site, enter www.finra.org/careers into your browser to reach our site directly.

FINRA strives to make our career site accessible to all users. If you need a disability-related accommodation for completing the application process, please contact FINRA’s accommodation help line at 240.386.4865. Please note that this number is exclusively for inquiries regarding application accommodations.

In addition to a competitive salary, comprehensive health and welfare benefits, and incentive compensation, FINRA offers immediate participation and vesting in a 401(k) plan with company match. You will also be eligible for participation in an additional FINRA-funded retirement contribution, our tuition reimbursement program and many other benefits. If you would like to contribute to our important mission and work collegially in a professional organization that values intelligence, integrity and initiative, consider a career with FINRA.

Important Information

FINRA’s Code of Conduct imposes restrictions on employees’ investments and requires financial disclosures that are uniquely related to our role as a securities regulator. FINRA employees are required to disclose to FINRA all brokerage accounts that they maintain, and those in which they control trading or have a financial interest (including any trust account of which they are a trustee or beneficiary and all accounts of a spouse, domestic partner or minor child who lives with the employee) and to authorize their broker-dealers to provide FINRA with duplicate statements for all of those accounts. All of those accounts are subject to the Code’s investment and securities account restrictions, and new employees must comply with those investment restrictions—including disposing of any security issued by a company on FINRA’s Prohibited Company List or obtaining a written waiver from their Executive Vice President—by the date they begin employment with FINRA. Employees may only maintain securities accounts that must be disclosed to FINRA at one or more securities firms that provide an electronic feed (e-feed) of data to FINRA, and must move securities accounts from other securities firms to a firm that provides an e-feed within three months of beginning employment.

You can read more about these restrictions here .

As standard practice, employees must also execute FINRA’s Employee Confidentiality and Invention Assignment Agreement without qualification or modification and comply with the company’s policy on nepotism.

Search Firm Representatives

Please be advised that FINRA is not seeking assistance or accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms for this employment opportunity. Regardless of past practice, a valid written agreement and task order must be in place before any resumes are submitted to FINRA. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at FINRA without a valid written agreement and task order in place will be deemed the sole property of FINRA and no fee will be paid in the event that person is hired by FINRA.

FINRA is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, citizenship status, color, disability, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal state or local laws as appropriate, or upon the protected status of the person’s relatives, friends or associates.

FINRA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

FINRA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.

©2020 FINRA. All rights reserved. FINRA is a registered trademark of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.",3.8,"Finra
3.8","Rockville, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Nonprofit Organization,Brokerage Services,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
70,Systems - Salesforce Solution Architect,"$41k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About GreatAmerica

GreatAmerica is a national commercial equipment finance company dedicated to helping manufacturers, vendors and dealers be more successful and keep their customers for a lifetime. While GreatAmerica has grown to more than 600 team members, our entrepreneurial spirit remains and endless opportunities lie ahead. We have experienced unparalleled year over year growth since our founding in 1992.

GreatAmerica is structured in cross functional teams that allow individuals to make informed decisions that benefit the company and our customers. There is no doubt in our minds we are building the greatest company of its kind, offering the finest products and services available anywhere. When you are part of the GreatAmerica team, you are part of the future, part of an opportunity to grow professionally and to reach your potential while enjoying your work.

About the Role

This position is responsible for setting standards, guidelines and procedures for our Salesforce platform using industry best practices, designing, overseeing configuration and development initiatives of Salesforce for a wide variety of business needs. This is a key member of GreatAmerica team to ensure smooth and efficient implementation and integration between technical and functional system requirements using Salesforce.

Please note, this full-time, salaried position is in Cedar Rapids, IA with a partially remote option available.

Essential Functions

GreatAmerica Core
Lives the GreatAmerica principles; involved in cross functional team efforts as required and assigned.
Communication/Team work Attributes
Ability to read communication styles of customers, project team, and contractors who come from a broad spectrum of disciplines and tailor communication to fit.
Able to effectively develop materials that are appropriate for the audience.
Ability to communicate effectively to both the technology and business communities
Ability to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment and excels at communicating shifts in prioritization
Ability to adapt to shifting business priorities, demands, and timelines through analytical and problem-solving capabilities.
Candidates must possess the exceptional interpersonal skills to communicate effectively with internal& external resources, clients, and third parties.
Candidates can be able to manage key relationships with internal & external resources, clients, and third parties.
Functional Core
Provide functional architecture strategy and guidance for all Salesforce rollouts
Translate business requirements into well architected solutions that best leverage Salesforce
Reviews functional design, logical architecture and integration design for Salesforce initiatives
Lead technical detailed design sessions
Provide detailed architecture design and document detailed technical solutions and analysis aligned with business objectives
Perform fit-gap analysis between business requirements and Salesforce capabilities
Responsible for matching business process and automation requirements to the capabilities of Salesforce, including, but not limited to, managed and unmanaged packages, complex data model, integration, role hierarchy, sharing and security model
Articulate to the stakeholders the value of recommended solutions and approach
Set standards and procedures based on industry best practices for design, configuration and development on Salesforce
Provide oversight and governance for Salesforce Administrators and Developers involved in the initiatives
Assist in prototyping, troubleshooting, identifying dependencies and issues, and outlining mitigation plan against any risk for all Salesforce rollouts
Be able to train, mentor and oversee a group of Salesforce Administrators and Developers on the team
Lead code reviews during projects to ensure quality and appropriate standards and procedures are followed
Help provide input for training materials and programs for the Salesforce Administrators and Developers in the roll out of new or enhanced Salesforce capability
Answer qualified support calls from users
Ability to take all perspectives into account for a given project
Proactively seek out new Salesforce features and capabilities and works with GreatAmerica’s Salesforce community to develop and execute a roadmap for adding these features for the organization.
Lead initiatives to foster the Salesforce community by sharing new features and capabilities and best practices of Salesforce platform to the stakeholders.
Others
Extended hours may be required to meet deadlines
Performs additional duties as required

Education, experience and skills required:

Competencies:

For all GreatAmerica team members: Honesty/Integrity, Customer Oriented, Accountability, Tenacious, Communication Skills (Oral & Written), Adaptability

For this position: Creative, Detail-Oriented, Goal-Oriented, Systems Analysis, and Technical Aptitude

Education: Bachelor’s degree required in Information Systems or equivalent of at least 15 years practical relevant work experience. Must have Salesforce Advanced Admin and App Builder certificates and kept them up to date. Technical Architect certification preferred.

Experience:

10+ years of experience delivering large scale multi-million dollar solutions and strategies working with Big 4 SIs
Must have 8-12 years' experience in Salesforce Architecture, working for major F500 company, Big 4, or major SI consulting practice implementing at least 3-5 large Salesforce projects
5-10 years Financial services or related experience - equipment leasing, asset leasing, commercial lending , loans, originations management, FinTech preferred
5-10 yearsLease loan business process experience: originations management process automation CPQ, credit app, credit scoring, contract documentation and booking, billing and invoices, contract operations
Must have an expert level understanding and 10+ years of directly working with of the Salesforce product suite, including Sales, Service, Community, Marketing, Financial and Community Clouds
10+ years Salesforce business process design and rules configuration
Must have an extensive knowledge with platform authentication patterns (SAML, SSO, OAuth)
10+ years multi-tier architecture design for scalable solutions with accounting and financial systems
8+ years Integration architecture and tools experience - real-time APIs and ETL - tools such as Informatica, Mulesoft and Salesforce connect; knowledge of Salesforce platform events and integration with ESBs (e.g. Azure)
Expertise in full Salesforce application lifecycle development, including solutioning, planning, development, testing, environment management, release management, code versioning best practices, and deployment methodologies and operationalizing
Must have an expert level of knowledge in configuration as well as in declarative customization and APEX development
Expertise with Salesforce and enterprise architecture best practices design - weighing balance between configuration, customization, use of managed packages, appexchange apps, accelerators, and connectors
Must have an extensive experience with data migrations from third party systems to Salesforce
Must have a proven desire to continue to grow their knowledge inside the Salesforce ecosystem
Must have an extensive experience with platform security capabilities (TLS, SSL)
Must have 12+ years' experience in developing technology solutions

Computer Skills: Expert knowledge of MS Office products and Design & Development best practices preferred

Essential Information:

Work Authorization: United States (required)
Employment Type: Full-time
Location: Cedar Rapids, Iowa with a remote option available

Application Instructions

To apply for this position, please follow the online application process at www.greatamerica.com/careers. Be sure to fully complete the form, including your resume, and complete the Predictive Index assessment.",4.3,"GreatAmerica Financial Services
4.3","Cedar Rapids, IA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1992,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
71,Salesforce Architect,"$53k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Holiday Inn Club Vacations, we believe in strengthening families. And we look for people who exhibit the courage, caring and creativity to help us become the most loved brand in family travel. We’re committed to growing our people, memberships, resorts and guest love. That’s why we need individuals who are passionate in life and bring those qualities to work every day. Do you instill confidence, trust and respect in those around you? Do you encourage success and build relationships? If so, we’re looking for you.

The Salesforce Architect is responsible for architecting Salesforce solutions that integrate with existing enterprise applications, and set a base platform for the Enterprise. This position will provide governance and best practices/standards supporting the platform adoption and full application life-cycle: design, development, change control, UAT, deployment and support. The Architect is expected to provide Salesforce technical leadership for a team of developers, admins and analysts. The Architect is expected to demonstrate leadership expertise to execute strategic direction as well as significant depth of technical expertise in Salesforce architecture.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND TASKS:

Be part of Architecture team which owns the full application architecture process translating business requirements into functional solutions. This position should focus on where the Salesforce platform can be utilized to integrate and benefit the overall Enterprise Platform strategy.
Help lead the process of developing roadmaps defining the future state technology architecture and recommend where and when work will be done to achieve future state.
Provide governance and best practices/standards supporting the platform adoption and full application lifecycle (design, development, change control, UAT, deployment and support) in relation to the Salesforce Platform.
Work with internal architecture and technical team members representing Enterprise Platform to design seamless integration between the applications and various lines of business applications.
Research, recommend and implement AppExchange applications and Salesforce upgrades to help meet business needs.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field or equivalent experience
At least 10 years of overall IT experience and a record of success supporting a fast-paced business organization, providing functional and technical expertise, while applying best practices and leveraging core capabilities.
At least 2 years’ experience as a Salesforce architect in a fast-paced environment, working as a team member, leader, or individually to complete tasks thoroughly and accurately, with minimal supervision.
At least 2-3 years for previous Salesforce development experience including strong working knowledge and ability to code APEX (classes, triggers and web services), Visual Force, Salesforce APIs, SOQL, Force.com platform.
Experience with 3rd party BI tools and Integration technologies (web services, xml, SOAP, REST).
Strong understanding of relational databases and other enterprise application architecture (on premise or cloud).
Strong knowledge and understanding of Salesforce architecture and governor limits and Salesforce integration components (APIs, APEX, Visual Force, SOQL and web services). Knowledge of other integration technologies is highly desired.
Strong knowledge of Salesforce application including configuration, triggers, process builders, workflows, Visual Force, APEX coding, batch processes and, database design.
Advanced knowledge of Salesforce data model, custom objects, Visual Force pages, workflows, and configuration.
Experience with enterprise level systems, data warehouse technologies and integration tools is highly desired.
Strong presentation and facilitating skills.
Strong functional and technical skills, project management skills, troubleshooting skills, presentation and facilitating skills.",3.3,"Holiday Inn Club Vacations
3.3","Orlando, FL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,"Hotels, Motels, & Resorts",Travel & Tourism,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
72,Solutions Architect,-1,"If you love working with customers and writing code, then this is the job for you! We’re seeking a talented Solutions Architect to join our team to help implement QBench our Laboratory Information Management System product for our customers. You’d be solving problems everyday, diving deep into technical solutions with customers and our engineering team, and making a big impact on the business on a daily basis.

Position Description:
Analyze existing workflows, design and propose solutions, and either implement solutions or coordinate with the engineering team.
Regularly attend analysis/design review meetings with customers.
Become an expert on the QBench product, how it’s used and applied in many different use cases.
Become familiar with common integration scenarios and be able to design and implement integrations to other systems.
Work effectively across many different industries including environmental, agriculture, clinical, materials, oil and gas, and food/beverage.
Provide pre-sales assistance to Account Executives by serving as a technical resource to advise the prospective customer on how QBench can achieve their desired outcome.
Provide implementation estimates and timelines to prospective clients
Serve as a trusted advisor to customers by understanding their business, their IT environment, and by developing solutions to ultimately lead them to a successful outcome with the QBench product
*
Requirements:
BS in computer science or related field
5+ years of professional work experience in an IT role
2+ years of demonstrable software development/programming concepts experience
2+ years working directly with customers
*
Location:
Greater Sacramento area
Temporarily remote due to COVID-19, possibly fully remote
*
Benefits:
Health/Vision/Dental, 401k retirement
11 paid holidays
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Software Development/Programming Concepts: 2 years (Required)
Customer Experience: 2 years (Required)
Professional Work Experience in an IT Role: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)",-1,Junction Concepts,"Roseville, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
73,Business Intelligence Architect,-1,"Sponsorship not available.

We are seeking to fill a Data Architect & Analyst position. The position requires 7+ years of prior experience as a data analyst or architect. The position is a consultative technical position working with large enterprise customers who will implement data management solutions on multiple BI platforms. We are looking for a candidate who can interact directly with our clients to consult, solicit business rules, design, and build solutions to address the client’s business intelligence and data management challenges. The Senior Data Architect & Analyst may be required to create, modify, and maintain data entities based on customer requirements and initiatives. This position requires working well in teams, as well as independently on projects. As a customer-facing position, excellent communication (oral and written), customer expectation management, responsiveness to customer needs, being proactive in anticipating technical challenges, being meticulous, and having a consultative approach are essential to be successful in this position.

Candidates must demonstrate experience with several analytic tools, such as ETL, Database, and Visualization, and have advanced skills to query and manipulate data using both SQL and Excel. Candidates must demonstrate proficiency in making useful inferences and driving improvement actions from large data sets that are messy and not easily understood. There may be up to 75% travel required.

Skills

• Data Visualization Tools (Tableau, Tableau Server, PowerBI, Qlik, etc.)
• Proficient SQL (SQL, Stored Procedures, Dynamic SQL, Joins, Aggregation, etc.)
• Experience with Data Structure Solutions (Big Data, RDBMS, NoSQL)
• Experience with a couple of Database Systems (Oracle, SQL Server, My SQL, Postgress, etc.)
• Skilled in one scripting language, such as R, Ruby, Javascript, Python, VBScript, Shell Script
• Understanding of Data Governance, Data Integrity, Master Data Management, Data Quality Design, Develop, and Deployment Best Practices
• Experience structuring and analyzing large quantities of data and information for statistical and analytical modeling
• Understanding of Business Intelligence Best Practices, Architectures, Tools, Methodologies, and Software
• Good Strong oral, written communication and leadership skills
• Proven ability to partner with client stakeholders from various parts of an organization
• Ability to handle multiple tasks and workstreams in a fast-paced environment
• Data Architect deep understanding of ETL Tools, Best Practice Processes (Enterprise ETL Tools, Self-Service, Data Preparation)
• SDLC methodologies (Waterfall and Agile Development)
• Experience with Data Modeling
• Exposure to predictive analytics, AI and ML

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
data analyst or architect: 7 years (Preferred)
Location:
Atlanta, GA (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Work Location:
Multiple locations
Company's website:
https://starrandassociatesllc.com/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,Starr and Associates,"Atlanta, GA",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
74,Machine Learning Solution Architect,"$104k-$162k
(Glassdoor Est.)","· Deep understanding and experience in the field of AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning and related technologies.
· Experience developing ML models in real-world environments and integrating AI/ML and other AWS services into large-scale production applications.
· Deep understanding of AWS Services such as S3, ECS, EKS and EMR.
· 5+ years professional experience in software development in languages like Java, Python, Scala. Experience working with RESTful API and general service-oriented architectures
· 10+ years design/implementation/consulting experience with Enterprise applications
· 5+ years experience in infrastructure and network architecture, DevOps, or software engineering
· 3+ years relevant experience in technology/software sales
· Technical degree required; Computer Science or Math background highly desired

Are you passionate to help customers accelerate their journey with Machine Learning and Cloud Computing? AWS Machine Learning Product Management team is looking for an expert Machine Learning Architect with expertise in designing ML solutions to enable rapid adoption by customers. The ML Architect will be the Subject Matter Expert (SME) for helping enterprise customers design machine learning solutions that leverage the Amazon SageMaker on AWS. You will also partner with target ISV partners to develop deeper technical integration with Amazon SageMaker. You will partner with field SAs, Sales, Business Development and the ML Service teams to enable data migration and rapid adoption of Machine learning services. You will develop migration playbooks, reference implementations and share best practices with global community of ML specialists.

You will have the opportunity to help shape and execute a strategy to build mindshare and broad use of AWS within startups and enterprise customers. The ideal candidate must be self-motivated with a proven track record in machine learning and solution architecture. You should be technically adept to complement customer teams in their adoption of AWS ML services. You should also have a demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, products, and technical challenges.

Roles and Responsibilities
· Work with customer’s ML team to deeply understand their business and technical needs and design ML solutions that make the best use of the AWS Cloud platform and ML services.
· Partner with Generalist SAs, Sales, Business Development and the AI Service teams to accelerate customer adoption and revenue attainment.
· Act as a technical liaison between customers and the service engineering teams to provide product enhancement feedback.
· Develop and support an AWS internal community of AI related subject matter experts.
· Capture and share best-practice knowledge amongst the AWS solutions architect community
· Build deep relationships with senior technical individuals within customers to enable them to be cloud advocates
· Act as a technical liaison between customers, service engineering teams and support
· Thought Leadership – Evangelize AWS Services and share best practices through forums such as AWS blogs, whitepapers, reference architectures and public-speaking events such as AWS Summit, AWS re:Invent, etc.
· Open to domestic travel up to 30%

Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age.

· Data science background and experience manipulating/transforming data, model selection, model training, cross-validation and deployment at scale.
· Experience with Machine and Deep Learning toolkits such as MXNet, TensorFlow, Caffe and Torch.
· Experience with AWS services related to AI/ML highly desirable, particularly Amazon EMR, AWS Lambda, Machine Learning, IoT, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon S3 etc.
· 2+ years design/implementation/consulting experience building cloud solutions using AWS.
· Experience migrating or transforming legacy customer solutions to the cloud
· Professional experience architecting/operating solutions built on AWS
· Working knowledge of software development tools and methodologies
· Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort speaking with executives, IT Management, and developers
· Strong written communication skills
· High level of comfort communicating effectively across internal and external organizations
· Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly",3.9,"Amazon Web Services, Inc.
3.9","San Francisco, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
75,Senior Data Engineer,"$89k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data Engineer at Guild, you'll work across teams to help us build the next generation of data products. You'll work with world class data engineers to design and build the scalable, robust, and high-quality data infrastructure and data pipelines needed to support growth of our education network and SaaS platform. Ultimately, you'll help change the landscape for how we think about delivering education products to learners across the country by building a digital solution that connects students, employers, and universities to deliver education at an affordable price to students.

A day in our open, collaborative workspace might look like:
Designing, building, and expanding Guild's backend data infrastructure, including data pipelines, ETL, data ingestion, data APIs, and data warehouses
Building APIs that can be used internally or externally to serve crucial information across systems, partners, and teams
Translating complex business requirements into usable, scalable data models and systems
Mentoring other engineers and analysts on the team and sharing technical knowledge to enable others to be more effective at their jobs
In this role, you'll expand your expertise by:
Evolving our data products now and in the future by contributing to our backend data architecture
Working in an agile team environment with a high performing engineering team
Taking on a cross-functional role that will expose you to the ins and outs of Guild (working with our Product, Design, Client Success, and Student Services teams)
Receiving feedback through our learning-focused, twice annual Structured Growth Conversations
You'll know if you're successful by:
Choosing and leveraging the latest technologies in data engineering to automate data integration and loading, such as, Amazon Redshift, Redis, Java, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Python, S3 and PostgreSQL
Leveraging your experience to design solutions that will be the backbone of a highly scalable, reusable, backend data infrastructure
Ensuring our data is clean, accurate, and secure
Thriving in fast-paced and scaling environment
You'll join a team:
From diverse backgrounds – from traditional higher education, to athletic coaches, to politicians, to mental health professionals (and more!)
Of learners & problem-solvers dedicated to our dual mission of changing education in America while building a successful, high-growth company
Committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment that you'd support every day
What you'll add to Guild – as an individual and part of the broader team:
Experience building data pipelines, custom ETL processes and data warehouses
Experience with one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, or Scala
Expertise in database technologies such as Redshift, PostgreSQL, Redis, and working with large sets of data
Experience deploying solutions to cloud technology services such as Amazon Web Services
Experience improving software products through engineering best practices such as refactoring, reusability, TDD and continuous integration
A proven ability to thrive in changing environments by having a fast, flexible, cooperative work style
Strong communication skills and the ability to effectively explain technical concepts to other engineers, analysts, product managers, and stakeholders.
Experience with BI tools such as Looker, Tableau, Kibana, Chart.io, etc.
Basic experience in statistical analysis, text processing, and machine learning
Passion for higher education and our mission – Guild is pioneering a new path for education as a benefit in a complicated and regulated space – success means quickly and effectively adapting your expertise
A drive to work hard and plan for how you can refresh/recharge while working in a startup
Something else? Wonderful, we're curious to learn more about you!
About Guild:

Guild is increasing economic mobility for working adults by partnering with the largest employers in the country to offer education as a benefit to their employees via our marketplace of nonprofit universities and education institutions. Guild's proprietary technology platform facilitates the administration of this innovative benefit and our team of coaches helps each employee navigate the path back to school, providing individualized support from day one through program completion.

We also just became the latest female-led company to hit a $1billion valuation and the only B-corp with those qualifications. Our Series D round was led by Ken Chenault, General Catalyst Partners chairman and former CEO of AMEX, and joined by Emerson Collective, LeadEdge Capital, and Iconiq.

Guild Education is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",3.5,"Guild Education
3.5","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
76,Solutions Architect,"$50k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requirements and Responsibilities that we think great candidates will possess:
Large systems
Suggest a new architect for the whole system with analysis, design, and
development.
Functional and non-functional requirements.
Ensure our applications are scalable, reliable, and manageable.
Cloud, networking, data management, and security.
Develop, integrate, and document API’s.
Creating, reviewing, and documenting designs and implementations for
application architecture and
software architecture
Database architecture
Our current stack is
.Net-MVC
ASP.Net
MS SQL Server and Azure SQL
Ajax / jQuery / JavaScript
Bootstrap
Excellent written and oral communication skills with technical and business teams.
Collaborate with team members on technical direction and perform code reviews.
Develop, monitor, and track the system health, guard data quality, data protection, and implement defensive programming techniques.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $129,000.00 - $154,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
aws: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment
Company's website:
Mancomm, Inc.
Company's Facebook page:
Mancomm, Inc.
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",2.3,"Mancomm
2.3","Austin, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1988,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
77,Communications Solutions Architect,"$78k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job ID: 99313

The Leonardo DRS Global Enterprise Solutions business delivers world-class mission-critical satellite communications and security solutions with unmatched reliability and support anywhere in the world.

Job Summary

Opportunity Summary:
Location: Dulles, VA (or Tampa, FL)
Leonardo DRS GES (Global Enterprise Solutions) is one of the lines of business of Leonardo DRS. GES is largest provider of SATCOM based ICT solutions to the Federal Government. The Communication Solutions Architect will be part of a matrixed Engineering and Technical Operations team, acting as the Primary interface to both the Program Management and Business Development Organizations on assigned key programs and opportunities. The role calls for a dynamic team player with high level subject matter expertise in various disciplines as relates to providing SATCOM based end-to-end solutions. This role will primarily support the GC (Global Communications) LoB (Line of business)

Job Responsibilities

Responsibilities:
As a primary technical interface to Business Development (BD) on assigned capture efforts, including but not limited to proposals. Responsibilities include:
o Review customer requirements (PWS/SOW/RFQ) and lead a cross-functional project team to develop technically feasible, compliant, cutting edge, and cost effective solution(s).
o Working within our existing mature and defined proposal processes, this individual will lead technical aspects of efforts, interfacing with our pool of Engineering Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) (in SATCOM/RF, Platform, Network Engineering, and Cybersecurity) to articulate complex technical solutions into clear, concise, compliant language in response to our customer’s requirements.
o Work with Proposal Managers and Capture Managers to integrate competitive differentiators and win themes with technical proposal responses ensuring the final product is compliant and meets and/or exceeds customer needs.
o Spearhead efforts with SMEs and Proposal Graphics team to develop tables and/or illustrations (diagrams, flowcharts, charts) to efficiently explain (or condense) technical matter.
o Participate in vendor meetings and interactions in development of technical solution(s)
o Comply with document control processes and policies through an approved tracking system and publish approved documents to SharePoint or other designated proposal sites.
o Lead response to White papers, RFIs, Presentations.
o Participate in document color reviews
o Support, including travel, to trade shows, industry events, customer meetings, presentations, seminars etc.
Mentor and coach less experienced engineers
Other duties as assigned.

Job Responsibilities Part II
Qualifications

Minimum Bachelor’s Degree is required.
o Degree in a related technical field demonstrating analytical and strong writing ability, including technical writing or editing in a technically-oriented environment is highly preferred.
Minimum of 5 years of experience/expertise in related field is required.
o Experience in engineering end to end SATCOM solutions is strongly preferred.
ITILv4 Foundations certification is preferred
Understanding of Business Development and Capture processes preferred
Excellent communications skills, both written and oral
Proficiency with desktop publishing applications such as Microsoft Word
Technical writing experience necessary; proposal writing and familiarity with Shipley Proposal Lifecycle or APMP training and/or certifications preferred.
Must be a U.S Citizen with an ability to obtain Secret or higher level clearance.
o Existing Secret or higher clearance is preferred.
Expertise/experience in desired technical fields to include:
o GEO, MEO, and LEO SATCOM vendors/constellations.
o Understanding of SATCOM link budgets
o Various satellite user terminal vendors and solutions
o Exposure and understanding of various satellite platform providers like iDirect, NewTech, Comtech, ViaSAT, etc.
o Understanding of WAN Networking technologies/vendors in areas of terrestrial infrastructure, Routing, Switching, Firewalls, VTC, VoIP, etc.
o Broad understanding of Information Assurance and Cyber requirements as relates to overall end-to-end solution design

Leonardo DRS, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates are equal opportunity employers and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.7,"Leonardo DRS
3.7","Dulles, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1968,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
78,Principal Solution Architect - Supply Chain,"$77k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team

NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.

NIKE is a technology company. From our flagship website and five-star mobile apps to developing products, managing big data and providing leading edge engineering and systems support, our teams at NIKE Global Technology exist to revolutionize the future at the confluence of tech and sport. We invest and develop advances in technology and employ the most creative people in the world, and then give them the support to constantly innovate, iterate and serve consumers more directly and personally. Our teams are innovative, diverse, multidisciplinary and collaborative, taking technology into the future and bringing the world with it.

The Enterprise Architecture team will partner and engage with business and technology leaders across all the business functions within the enterprise in planning, creating, maintaining and executing a capability roadmap aligned to the overall company and solution strategies to ensure that the people, process, data insights/information, and technology needs are accurately captured and planned for short, medium and long-term execution.

As Solution Architect for Supply Chain Domain, you will be part of a highly visible team focused on enabling Nike’s end-to-end value chain through modern technologies and methods. The strategy and architecture you help define will have a direct impact on Nike’s End-to-End Digitization strategy.

Responsibilities:

• Understands, communicates, and is an advocate for business and technology needs across all global Markets
• Engage, collaborate and partner with various functional leaders, technical leaders and executive stakeholders globally
• Ensures architecture alignment across domains and enabling functions (verticals and horizontals)
• Develops solution options, recommendations, designs based on domain roadmaps/requirements following API first model, enterprise security standards and reference architectures
• Gain acceptance of solution & ensure decisions are made and deviations from standards are properly identified, addressed/documented.
• Develop Enterprise Solution Architecture patterns, advocate and drive adoption of “best practices” to ensure standardization of solution designs across the enterprise
• Identify and research innovative new technology to improve organizational capabilities, conduct proof of concepts and evolve architecture standards
• Provides expert technical advice to domain delivery team
• Capitalize on project deliverables to ensure reusability

• Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent
• 7+ years combined hands-on engineering experience with public cloud, distributed computing, commercial off-the-shelf (COTS), and custom developed solutions
• 3+ years of experience developing Strategy, E2E Solution architecture and creating technology roadmap
• Must have experience implementing WMS, TMS and fulfillment solutions
• Must have experience with Omni-channel Order fulfillment solution deployments
• Must have experience designing/implementing highly scalable web services on cloud
• Experience with Domain Driven Design and SAFe is highly desirable
• Excellent verbal and written communication and collaboration skills to effectively communicate with both business and technology leadership teams
• Should have strong experience with Microservice architecture, Cloud Computing, DevOps, Java, Javascript, Angular, REST API, noSQL DB
• Self-starter with high motivation and passion to thrive & adopt in an ever-changing, fast-paced environment.

NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.

NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.",4.1,"Nike
4.1","Beaverton, OR",-1,10000+ Employees,1972,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
79,Sr. Data Engineer (Data Warehouse),"$124k-$219k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Opportunity

We are looking for cloud Sr. Data Engineer to join our Enterprise Data Engineering team. Today, the team primarily develops and supports a legacy SQL BI/DW platform today but is embarking on a 2020 roadmap to modernize our data architecture in the public cloud. This is a unique greenfield opportunity to influence a major transformational initiative and implement a modern big data reference architecture that will drive enterprise analytics. The cloud Sr. Data Engineer will be part of a team supporting data pipeline development and management built primarily on the Google Cloud Platform and BigQuery.

Responsibilities:
Define and develop data pipeline solutions– architect end to end design, mapping, and hands-on development - for GCP, following integration, security and development best practices.
Work with Enterprise Architecture, Data Management, DevOps, QA, Release Management, Change Management teams through the lifecycle of the project and agile sprints for promoting continuous data pipeline releases.
Manage integration of data from various data sources, both internal and external
SME on GCP, BQ, Dataflow, Pub Sub, cloud functions, Dataproc
Follow Incident and Problem Management processes in providing production support, utilizing organizational ITIL processes.
Work with internal business and technical partners to collect and document the functional and non-functional requirements in JIRA stories for business projects and technical enhancements.
Collaborate with internal developers and internal stakeholders from e-Commerce, ERP, Salesforce, business team and product development teams in evolving the Enterprise BI Center for Excellence.
Qualifications:
7+ years of experience implementing data warehousing solutions including public cloud big data platforms.
A well-grounded data engineer, technically skilled in modern big data principles and technologies.
Experience with GCP Big Data platform is strongly preferred (BigTable, BigQuery, Data Fusion)
Prefer experience in data pipeline development in SQL, Python, Spark, DataProc, and event-streaming
Working knowledge and experience in Google Cloud Data Fusion, Cask, Airflow
Excellent Python coding and SQL skills
Familiarity with pub/sub event streaming platforms (e.g. Kafka) is beneficial
Prior experience developing ETL/ELT solutions for enterprise analytics
Strong understanding of modern big data technologies
Good understanding of various data file formats
Familiar with Confluence, JIRA. Should be comfortable working in Field Mappings between Source, Target Systems, creating Design Documents and following Agile Sprints methodology.
Support new launch hyper-care and be well-versed with Integration Cutover & Go-Live activities.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with excellent verbal and oral communication is mandatory
Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task, prioritize and execute on assigned deliverables
Able to work with ambiguity and the ability to troubleshoot and problem solve with minimal supervision and guidance.
Able to handle fast-paced environment supporting Operations and Engineering activities simultaneously.
Ability to communicate effectively to all layers with business, technology, peers, and management.
The Company

Rodan + Fields was founded in 2000 by Stanford-trained dermatologists Dr. Katie Rodan and Dr. Kathy Fields with a passion for giving people the best skin of their lives — and the confidence that comes with it. With effective products, a unique business model and a powerful community of Independent Consultants, Rodan + Fields has disrupted the skincare category to become a leading skincare brand in North America. The company has grown its innovative line of products and expanded into Canada, Australia and Japan. Headquartered in San Francisco, CA, R+F now employs 500+ people, has more than 300,000 enrolled Independent Consultants and over two million Preferred Customers.

At Rodan + Fields, you will be challenged to make an impact, inspired to do more, and rewarded for your contributions. We are transforming skincare, and we welcome your big ideas to fuel our ambitious growth plans! If you are looking for a life-changing career opportunity, we've got your prescription. You’ll become part of a positive, passionate movement that celebrates greatness and encourages employees to be catalysts for change. We provide a creative, vibrant workplace outfitted with all of the technology, tools and training you'll need to learn, grow and thrive! We create life-changing impact in our communities through our non-profit, Prescription for Change®, the heart of Rodan + Fields. By funding empowerment programs for students, we teach them how to use their skills to make life-changing differences in their lives and the lives of others. Join us and share your talents as we develop innovative solutions for your skin and empower entrepreneurs. In addition to working arm-in-arm with industry leaders, employees at Rodan + Fields enjoy rich benefits plans and perks.

Rodan + Fields is an equal opportunity employer that champions diversity, inclusion and equality for all. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, military/veteran status, or disability status.

We welcome employees to be their true, authentic selves, without exception and believe individual differences add value to our team. Join our team; we know it will be a life- changing experience!

Regarding COVID-19
With the spread of COVID-19 globally, our Bay Area offices will remain closed until further notice with the exception of phase 1 employees that require access to hardware and lab equipment.

Our primary concern is for the health and well-being of our employees as well as candidates. We have transitioned all interviews and new hire onboarding to be conducted virtually via Zoom video conferencing.",2.4,"Rodan and Fields, LLC
2.4","San Francisco, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Beauty & Personal Accessories Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
80,Senior Data Architect (TS/SCI POLY),"$90k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

What Youll Get to Do:

Team is seeking an experienced Data Architect to join a dynamic and exciting data engineering team. As the lead, you will be responsible for the overall vision and design and development progress of a new, highly performing enterprise data division. Expected understanding of industry best practices and data modeling techniques. Successful candidate will be experienced in data design, enterprise data, reporting, visualization, and overall data architecture concepts. It is highly desired that the candidate have a background with creating and managing complex ETL packages to extract data from various data sources and load into a first-class data warehouse.

More About the Role:
Seeking an innovative data subject matter expert capable of identifying new ways to standardize existing data processes and optimizing current workflows
Working on a data development team to provide technical guidance and support
Team structured with-in the Agile/Scrum development process
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Extensive experience with database management systems (Oracle, PostGres, MySQL)
Familiar with Serverless framework (Lambda, Step Functions)
Experience creating Data Mapping documents, data dictionaries and Interface Control Documents (ICDs)
Documented experience improving application, schema and data design to meet demanding enterprise data solution
Documented background in data warehouse design and dimensional modeling
Excellent skills in DB Schema design and SQL development
Knowledge of visualization tools and capable of supporting like (Tableau, Cognos and PowerBI)
Experience with Agile practices
Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively
Active TS SCI with Polygraph Clearance
These Qualifications Would Be Nice to Have:
Documented Experience with DevOps/Platforms: Amazon Web Services (S3, RDS, EC2, ECS, Lambda, SQS, SNS, CloudFormation, etc.), Docker, Ansible, Python development experience
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
SM20J*

Job Location

US-Fairfax-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.8,"CACI International
3.8","Fairfax, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
81,Senior Data Engineer,"$90k-$157k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Us

Kiva (kiva.org) is an international nonprofit with a mission to expand financial access to help underserved communities thrive. We run a global marketplace platform to crowdfund microloans for financially excluded entrepreneurs, farmers and students around the world. Our organization combines the culture and technological passion of an internet start-up with the compassion and empathy of a non-profit to create impact and opportunity at global scale. Since 2005, we have raised more than $1.4 billion in loan capital for 3.6 million borrowers in 95 countries. Our lenders fund over $13 million in loans every month. With offices in San Francisco, Portland, New York, Nairobi, and Bangkok, Kiva's team includes 100+ employees and 400+ volunteers worldwide. Our team is growing as we pursue exciting new opportunities to create a financially inclusive world.

About Data Science @Kiva

The Data Science team at Kiva creates impact by using data to solve problems around financial inclusion. This translates to a host of exciting and challenging technical problems spanning analytics, machine learning, data engineering, and infrastructure. The team is currently building out a new analytics stack, algorithms to power personalization on kiva.org, and is looking to scale analytics & data science for other kinds of problems. Our current ecosystem of infrastructure, tools, and skillsets include AWS, GCP, Kubernetes, Snowflake, Fivetran, Looker, DBT, Google Cloud Composer (Airflow), Snowplow, Python, Kotlin, and PHP.

About the Role

The team is looking for a strong engineer to help architect, design, build, maintain, and evolve our analytics platform. This is an opportunity to be an early influencer and a significant contributor to the direction and growth of the team. As a Senior Data Engineer, you will:
Own an analytics platform that will influence the experience of millions of lenders and borrowers around the world.
Work with internal stakeholders to identify their analytics needs, and drive the analytics engineering roadmap.
Collaborate with analysts, data scientists & engineers to write data transforms/pipelines to generate reliable insights, and build data-driven products.
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Work with various parts of the organization (Analytics, Engineering, Product, Operations, etc.) to support self-service analytics.
Help foster a spirit of innovation and collaboration both within the engineering team and across the organization.
Work to create impactful and sustainable solutions to complex problems by taking bold and measured risks.
Balance your technical excellence with a high E.Q., showing up with a sense of empathy, awareness, and responsibility.
Share the knowledge you gain generously with your peers to perpetuate a culture of engineering excellence.
This role will be based in San Francisco or Portland and will report to the Director of Data Science based in San Francisco. At this time, we can only consider applicants with authorization to work in the United States on a permanent, full-time basis; unfortunately, we cannot provide visa sponsorship.

About You
You have a BS in a quantitative discipline (computer science, engineering, physics, mathematics, or a related field) or comparable work experience.
You have built data platforms to enable analytics and data-driven products using agile software development principles.
You have 5+ years of data warehousing experience (data modeling, ETL/ELT, data cleansing, systems & database administration) on a modern data warehouse (like Redshift / Snowflake / etc.).
You have experience working with modern analytics tools (like Looker / Tableau / Metabase, etc.) to design user-facing analytics.
You have strong coding (SQL & Python) and report design skills.
You have worked with various internal stakeholders to gather business requirements and translate them into technical solutions.
You can communicate findings and recommendations to technical and non-technical audiences.
You are willing to learn, take initiative, and wear multiple hats as required.
What We Offer:
An opportunity to improve real lives, solve hard problems, and change the world
Friendly, supportive, and adventurous environment with a team of engaged colleagues
A comprehensive, industry-leading benefits package
Opportunities to connect with and learn from colleagues and partners around the world
A diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is an integral part of Kiva's culture. We actively welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and a great place to work. Join us and help us achieve our mission!

We will only accept applications directly from candidates. Kiva will not be responsible for any recruiting agency fees, absent a formal agreement.",4.2,"Kiva.org
4.2","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
82,Enterprise Architect,"$77k-$126k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Northrim Bank, our vision is to be Alaska’s premier bank and employer of choice! We are looking for professional and knowledgeable employees who take pride in their work. We believe in providing value for our customers and communities.

Position Summary

The Enterprise Architect's main duties include: designing, validating, and implementing technology infrastructure and processes at the direction of the Enterprise Architecture Manager. The Enterprise Architecture department is the highest tier of technical expertise within the organization, and covers multiple technical disciplines, such as: systems & networking infrastructure, DevOps, security, business applications, and data architecture. This role designs, plans, documents, tests, executes, trains, and provides escalated support for multiple technology platforms. This position identifies and oversees the mitigation of technical and operational threats; analyzes the security, supportability, and feasibility of new technology; and ensures conformance with regulatory guidelines and industry best practices. This position requires an extremely high level of analytical problem-solving skills to diagnose and resolve complex technology issues in addition to superlative process management and communication skills.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Identify and design technology solutions that fulfill business requirements and conform to security, supportability, reliability, and performance standards.
Create and communicate technology project and service implementation road-maps, plans, documentation, and training.
Assume responsibility for the successful implementation of mission-critical technology and applications.
Analyze new technology solutions, conduct technical risk assessments, and summarize due-diligence recommendations.
Lead technical collaborations on behalf of the organization with technology vendors.
Oversee the management of monitoring and reporting systems, design hierarchical alerting and response to service degradation, and implement automated remediation controls.
Respond to escalated cybersecurity, compliance, business, and technical threats.
Develop well written and clearly communicated procedures and documentation for ongoing management of technology solutions.
Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications

Education

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer & Networking Technology, Computer Systems Engineering, Management of Information Systems, or another related field.
Education can be substituted with 4 years commensurate experience managing enterprise mission-critical technology.

Experience

Experience in the financial services industry highly desired.
Four years (including those in lieu of education) designing, implementing, and supporting mission-critical technology.
Related military education/experience may be used as a substitute for education or work experience.

Exempt

Full-Time

Grade 21

Northrim Bank is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Northrim Bank does not discriminate in employment based upon race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, pregnancy, parenthood, marital status, changes in marital status, genetic information or any other status protected by federal, state or local law.",4.6,"Northrim Bank
4.6","Anchorage, AK",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
83,Sr Software Architect - Ecommerce,"$75k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description: *
The Software Engineer’s focus is on implementing, developing and maintaining dōTERRA’s digital presence across a variety of websites. This role, in collaboration with other web developers, will work to make dōTERRA’s content accessible and accurate, enable commerce for dōTERRA products, and provide business tools for dōTERRA’s international markets, Wellness Advocates, Wholesale Customers and prospects.

The ideal candidate will be a strong team contributor, will be eager to learn, be relentless in developing their craft as a software professional, will seek other’s experience, and will find great satisfaction in the patient pursuit of excellence. doTERRA is an ambitious and growing international company that will provide challenge and reward for years to come.
Job Responsibilities: *
The primary responsibility of the Sr. Software Engineer is to ensure quality of web applications for dōTERRA (ecommerce, crm, catalog and content, etc.)
Perform Code Reviews – handle merge requests
Monitor quality metrics (code coverage, static analysis (e.g. sonarqube), documentation, usage stats, monitors, logs, alerts, etc.)
Research industry trends and developments in this domain
Refactor code intelligently and systematically
This role is a senior expert for the applications they support (e.g. ecommerce, commissions, virtual office, content, etc.)
Provide level 3 support (drives resolution when an issue is isolated to their application(s)).
Mentors and develops other developers by providing advice, coaching and educational opportunities.
Authors and maintains key interface points and business critical functions
With help of the Architect and UX designers, designs interfaces and integrates with other applications and systems
Working with the development team provides aggressive yet realistic estimates. Holds team accountable to their estimates.
Assists architect in establishing and promoting architecture.
Collaborates effectively with technical team, web designers, analysts and partners during the development process.
Provides technical leadership and assumes accountability for successful development and implementation on assigned projects.
Ensures technical solutions are properly developed, and reviews all code within assigned domain.
Responsible for ongoing support and maintenance of assigned projects.
Coordinates requirements, schedules, and activities; contributes to team meetings; troubleshoots development and production problems across multiple environments and operating platforms.
Develops and maintains documentation as needed.
Updates job knowledge by researching new technologies and software products; participates in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.
Job Qualifications: *
Technical Bachelor’s degree required (Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, etc.). Master’s degree preferred.
3+ years SAP Hybris
Minimum of 5 years of Java/JEE (JSP in particular)
Web development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax)
Web frameworks (jQuery, Bootstrap, and similar)
Data management (SQL, XML, JSON, Hibernate)
Web services (REST, SOAP)
Spring Framework
JUnit testing
SASS/LESS
GIT
Automation testing
Build tools and utilities (Ant, Maven, Gradle, etc.)
Continuous Integration and Delivery
Agile methodologies
Internationalization experience a big plus
SAP Hybris (preferred)
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Java: 5 years (Preferred)",3.8,"dōTERRA International
3.8","Pleasant Grove, UT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Other Retail Stores,Retail,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
84,Principal Data Engineer,"$83k-$156k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Discover. A brighter future.

With Discover, you’ll have the chance to make a difference at one of the world’s leading digital banking and payments companies. From Day 1, you’ll do meaningful work you’re passionate about, with the support and resources you need for success. We value what makes each employee unique and provide a collaborative, team-based culture that gives everyone an opportunity to shine. Be the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future, while building the future you want, here at Discover.

Job Description

Discover Financial Services is seeking a Principal Data Engineer to join our Enterprise Technology organization. Successful candidates will partner with our business partners to understand their reporting & data needs, design and help the team build pipelines using Next-Gen tools & new capabilities. Additionally you will be responsible to achieve operational excellence and efficient ways to manage projects and Production support. The ideal candidate will be passionate about Discover Financial Service’s data and its mission.

Responsibilities:

Provide senior-level technical consulting to peer & junior engineers during design and development for highly complex and critical data projects.
Provide engineering leadership to create and enhance data solutions enabling seamless integration and flow of data across the data ecosystem.
Design and develop data ingestion frameworks leveraging Open-Source tools such as NiFi, Kafka, Java, Pig, Spark, Python, as well as data processing/transformation frameworks leveraging Open-Source tools.
Building / Prototyping micro services based designs & solutions within the ETL data pipeline on Container Platforms (e.g Kubernetes & Open Shift)
Well verse with AWS, Cloud Platforms and experience on hybrid cloud data strategy solutions along with experience working with / in Data Warehouse teams that solve big data problems and challenges.
Create POC's of new ideas, scale them into Generic Patterns, and able to drive the team with technology thought leadership, bring in new ideas and bringing the engineering culture.
Provide support for deployed data applications and analytical models.
Working or conceptual knowledge of Ab Initio / ETL technologies, MPP Databases, Stream Data Platforms with knowledge on Qlik Replicate, Kafka, K-SQL
Develops and maintains complex front-ends with a focus on user experience
Develops and maintains backend systems
Uses holistic knowledge of all products in the team’s ecosystem to plan how new systems will be built and integrated
Innovates on and advocates for best practices and improved processes within the team and with internal partners; stays up to date with technology trends and innovations; mentors team members
Creates and maintains DevOps processes, application infrastructure, and utilizes cloud services (including database systems and models)
Supports live systems to ensure business continuity

Required Skills:

Bachelors degree in Information Technology, or related field
Minimum 8+ years of work experience in Information Technology, Computer Science, or equivalent work experience
In lieu of education experience, 10+ years of work experience in Information Technology, Computer Science, or equivalent work experience

Desired Skills:

AWS / Cloud / Data Warehouse Certification a big plus
Self-starter, Engineering Mindset, Innovator & Individual Contributor, Bring ideas to whiteboard and adopt with an agile mindset.
Bonus, if the candidates are experienced with Customers, Contact Preferences, Marketing and Financial domains.

#LI-KE

What are you waiting for? Apply today!

The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.",3.8,"Discover
3.8","Crystal Lake, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
85,Senior Data Engineer,"$95k-$167k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Luminar Technologies is seeking a Senior Data Engineer to contribute to the development efforts of our end-to-end data pipeline and corresponding web applications. Our vision is to make autonomous transportation safe and ubiquitous. Far too many lives are lost in vehicle accidents each year. Because when real people’s lives are at stake, driving safely 99% of the time isn't good enough. We just launched Hydra, and it’s capabilities are unmatched: road tracking out to 80m, lanes to 150m, and objects to 250m. Visit us @ https://www.luminartech.com/ to find out more.

*We are interviewing and on-boarding candidates completely virtually until the County of Santa Clara eases restrictions due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Our team is currently entirely working from home, except for those individuals carrying out ‘essential’ business activities.

Responsibilities
Contribute to the development of automotive-grade software for perception and self-driving applications based on Luminar’s industry leading LiDAR platform
Implementation of BigData infrastructure and services
Quality control of data infrastructure and data service development
Automation of data infrastructure
Implementation of data transformation and streaming services
Manage site reliability of data services
Minimum Qualifications
B.S. in Computer Science or a related field
4+ years of relevant industry experience
Already shipped and operated Big Data systems in production environments
Experience in scalability of data systems
Experience Cloud services, Cloud deployment and developer operations
Hands-on Big Data software and infrastructure development skills
Expert knowledge in technologies like Kafka, Kibana/Elastic, Spark, Airflow or Hadoop
Hands-on experience of data storage and schemes like Avro, Parquet
Very strong coding skills in Java or C++ and Python
Preferred Qualifications
Expert knowledge in rational, no-sql and distributed data stores
M.S. in Computer Science or a related field
Operational experience with on-prem and cloud data systems
Experience with large-scale ingestion architectures
Hands-on experience in data streaming technologies
Experience in cloud and on-premises data systems
Experience with Machine Learning and/or Computer Vision algorithms
Benefits & Perks
Location: HQ near Stanford University in the beautiful city of Palo Alto, California
Timing: A start-up backed by industry leaders, at a critical stage of growth
Compensation: Competitive salaries and meaningful equity
Benefits: Comprehensive package (medical, dental, vision, and more)
PTO: Take it when you need it, we are a results-oriented team (not just 9-5 job)
Luminar is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, age, disability, gender identity, results of genetic testing, service in the military, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We will make a reasonable accommodation for any qualified applicant with a disability, provided that the individual is otherwise qualified to safely perform the essential functions of the job with or without accommodation and that the accommodation would not impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. Please let us know if you believe you require reasonable accommodation, or if you would like assistance to complete an application or to participate in an interview at the company.",4.1,"Luminar
4.1","Palo Alto, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
86,Software Engineering Manager II,-1,"Software Engineering Manager II

Job Summary

The Engineering Manager is a key member of the Engineering Leadership Team responsible for daily leadership, management and overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of the multi-disciplinary engineering department. The Engineering Manager must lead the department as the Chief Engineer directs the strategic vision of the engineering organization. As an engineering leader, the Engineering Manager must also provide hands on technical expertise and function as part of the technical team. Engineering disciplines include, but are not limited to, systems engineering, software engineering, and hardware engineering.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

This position is expected to have direct technical oversight over assigned projects and indirect oversight over all projects being supported by personnel he/she manages.
Manage direct (i.e. managers and individual contributors) and indirect (includes individual contributors reporting into direct reporting managers) reports, including labor planning (including assigning personnel to projects), financial budgets, engineering tasking, and oversight of engineering staff in one or more engineering disciplines.
Responsible for ensuring project work products and deliverables are developed in accordance with organizational standard processes.
Conduct technical reviews to ensure performance and progress align with program (cost, schedule and technical) objectives, while proactively ensuring a robust risk management posture. Prevent and remediate underperforming projects.
Establish, reinforce and improve organizational and program processes.
Establish and support program and organizational objectives.
Facilitate and reinforce successful multi-disciplinary project execution.
Solve complex technical and management problems requiring in-depth analysis of various factors.
Interview, hire, coach, and train employees; while appraising employee performance, while rewarding and disciplining employees. Address complaints and resolve problems.
Work with Program Mangers to develop technical proposal volume, proposal estimates, Work Breakdown Structures (WBS), schedules and risk assessments.

Non-Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

All other duties as assigned.

Basic Requirements (Competencies): To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following achievements and competencies:

Bachelor’s degree in an Engineering discipline; Master’s Degree preferred. Ten years Systems, Software or Hardware Engineering experience. Possesses advanced technical knowledge of DOD simulation technologies and products. Four years management/leadership experience in fast paced engineering environment. Demonstrated track record of success in delivering results.

Clearance Requirements: (If Applicable)

Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE.

IND1",-1,ProActive Technologies Inc.,"Oviedo, FL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
87,Cloud Migration Architect - Manager,-1,"Cloud Migration Architect

Cloud Engineering

Deloitte is an industry leader in our clients’ Digital transformations. We recognize that the backbone enabling our clients’ highest aspirations for analytics and cognitive solutions is next-gen Cloud infrastructure. From cloud consulting, to implementation, and ongoing managed services we offer a full scope of Cloud services and solutions. We want talent who is ready to leverage cloud services and architecture to empower our clients to leap frog forward in their technical capabilities. Building your career at Deloitte offers the opportunity to work with cutting-edge Cloud technologies to deliver next-Gen Cloud solutions. We embrace the tech pioneer mindset and always enable our talent to keep their skills evolving at the speed at which the technology marketplace is evolving.

Cloud has transformed the way technology enables the business. It represents a radical shift in how IT services are obtained, used, and managed. Companies are navigating through the various cloud options and deciding between private, public, or a combination across different and dynamic provider ecosystems. Our employees are empowered to think outside of the box and provide innovative solutions to our customers.

Work you’ll do

Client Management: Manage day to day interactions with executive clients and sponsors

Engagement Management: Lead engagement planning and budgeting; mobilize and manage engagement teams; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk

Delivery: Analyze client’s existing application and infrastructure, design target state architecture using cloud architecture and modernization best practices, develop a plan to achieve target state and then manage a team to deliver target state, modernized applications on cloud infrastructure.
Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies
Practice Development & Eminence: Develop practical solutions and methodologies; develop ""thoughtware"" and ""point-of-view"" documents; participate in public speaking events; get published in industry periodicals
People Development: Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices
Engagement Management: Lead engagement planning and budgeting; mobilize and manage engagement teams; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk
Delivery: Analyze client’s existing application and infrastructure, design target state architecture using cloud architecture and modernization best practices, develop a plan to achive target state and then manage a team to deliver target state, modernized applications on cloud infrastructure.
Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies
Practice Development & Eminence: Develop practical solutions and methodologies; develop ""thoughtware"" and ""point-of-view"" documents; participate in public speaking events; get published in industry periodicals
People Development: Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices
Engagement Management: Lead engagement planning and budgeting; mobilize and manage engagement teams; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk
Delivery: Analyze client’s existing application and infrastructure, design target state architecture using cloud architecture and modernization best practices, develop a plan to achive target state and then manage a team to deliver target state, modernized applications on cloud infrastructure.
Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies
Practice Development & Eminence: Develop practical solutions and methodologies; develop ""thoughtware"" and ""point-of-view"" documents; participate in public speaking events; get published in industry periodicals
People Development: Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices
Engagement Management: Lead engagement planning and budgeting; mobilize and manage engagement teams; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk
Delivery: Analyze client’s existing application and infrastructure, design target state architecture using cloud architecture and modernization best practices, develop a plan to achive target state and then manage a team to deliver target state, modernized applications on cloud infrastructure.
Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies
Practice Development & Eminence: Develop practical solutions and methodologies; develop ""thoughtware"" and ""point-of-view"" documents; participate in public speaking events; get published in industry periodicals
People Development: Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices
Engagement Management: Lead engagement planning and budgeting; mobilize and manage engagement teams; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk
Delivery: Analyze client’s existing application and infrastructure, design target state architecture using cloud architecture and modernization best practices, develop a plan to achive target state and then manage a team to deliver target state, modernized applications on cloud infrastructure.
Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients; organize and lead pursuit teams; participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process; contribute to the development of proposal pricing strategies
Practice Development & Eminence: Develop practical solutions and methodologies; develop ""thoughtware"" and ""point-of-view"" documents; participate in public speaking events; get published in industry periodicals
People Development: Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff in local offices

Qualifications

Required:

5+ years of experience and certification with public cloud providers Amazon Web Services (AWS), Azure or GCP architecture, tools and cloud methodologies.
5+ years of experience managing Cloud Migration and modernization programs/projects and an ability to adapt experience into best practices for immediate use
At least 3 years of experience with designing cloud implementation architectures and solutions using PaaS, DevOps & Advanced Application coding
2+ years of experience with architecting and designing solutions using cloud technology paradigms like serverless, containers, microservices
7+ years of experience with application transformation and modernizatrion & data migrations projects. Demonstrated experience on multiple toolsets and adaptability to learn new tools and processes a plus.
3+ years of experience with various Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD), Source Code Repos and configuration management tools, technologies and best practices
5+ years of experience with performing discovery and assessment of customer's overall applications portfolio, IT and business priorities and customer insights to create a modernization roadmap
10+ years of IT experience as a technical specialist in Customer-facing roles.
Ability to travel up to 100% (While 100% of travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice.)

Preferred:

Professional certification in Solution Architect for AWS, GCP and Azure required & project or program management preferred (e.g., PMP, PgMP, Scrum Master, Product Owner certification) a plus
Architecting building, and operating global IT infrastructures using cloud technology and services.
Experience architecting highly available systems that utilize load balancing, horizontal scalability and high availability
Bachelor’s degree in CS or equivalent industry experience
Familiarity with R6 Application Rationalization Methodology
Experience with Program or Project Management experience methodologies like Agile or Agile-like environments a plus
Strong Analytical and Problem-Solving Skills
Experience with cost/Benefit modeling and creating compelling business cases for migration a plus but not required.
Strong expertise in developing cloud migration roadmaps and driving buy-in across complex organization structures.
A proven track record of managing and delivering large-scale enterprise IT projects.
Familiarity with Enterprise Architecture Frameworks (e.g. TOGAF, Zachman) and identifying the relationships between business services, information, applications and global infrastructure assets.
Broad Enterprise systems experience including multiple application stacks - SAP, Oracle, MSFT and custom Java/.NET (LAMP) applications.
Familiarity with compliance & security standards across the enterprise IT landscape.
Experience in a range of cloud migration discovery, profiling, migration, and operations technologies and tools
Organize and lead pursuit teams, proposal and SOW development process, contribute to proposal pricing strategy and solutioning
Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations.
Exceptional communication and presentation skills with demonstrated executive engagement and proven ability to present strategic information to, and drive change across a broad range of audiences.

Sponsorship:

Limited immigration sponsorship may be available.

How you’ll grow

At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.

Benefits

At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.

Deloitte’s culture

Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.

Corporate citizenship

Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.

Recruiter tips

We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.

#LI-PTY

#IND:PTY",3.8,"Deloitte
3.8","Houston, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1850,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$10+ billion (USD),-1
88,Senior Data Architect,-1,"OmniData Insights

OmniData Insights is a US-based Data and Analytics consulting firm. We have deep experience in Data Architecture and Business Analytics, and we help organizations build their Modern Data Estates, designed to serve their needs well for many years to come. We simplify the complex, and we are Microsoft Gold Data Partners in both Analytics and Data Platform. Are you a Microsoft Certified Azure Data Engineer? Do you feel that you could be? How are your PowerBI skills?

OmniData Insights is offering you the opportunity to work with the entire lifecycle of large Data Projects, focused on cloud-based data warehousing, with surface points to Analytics, Machine Learning and AI. You will get to work closely with very experienced consultants who will be able to provide mentorship and career guidance.

You need to have solid experience working with data and analytics, a strong technical aptitude, and be a quick learner. In return, we offer an exciting position at a young startup experiencing rapid growth, deep mentorship and the opportunity to be part of creating a consulting firm that makes a difference for our clients every day we are with them.

Job Summary

You will work on various Big Data, Data Warehouse Automation, and Data Analytics projects for our world class clients, analyzing requirements, building data architecture and implementing state-of-the-art Data Warehouse projects using Microsoft platform and tools. Deep knowledge of Azure Cloud is a plus.

Responsibilities and Duties

You must be humble, hungry and a fast learner. OmniData Insights and our clients place a high value on inventiveness.
3+ years of experience in Analytics and Data Warehousing.
Experience with TimeXtender or competing product a plus.
Must be decisive and show ability to work with clients and assist their decision-making.
A technical mindset and strong business acumen.
Willingness to travel and work with a consultant's diligence.
The position will report directly to a founding partner of the company. As a consultant, you are also responsible to our clients.
We operate according to a methodology we call the Modern Data Estate Framework.

Qualifications and Skills

Data Warehousing and Data Warehouse Automation
SQL Server, SSAS, Azure
Power BI, DAX
Requirements Analysis and Project Delivery methodology
Data Warehouse Automation (Synapse Studio, TimeXtender Discovery Hub, Jet Data Manager, Incorta)

Benefits and Perks

Salary and benefits commensurate with experience.
High growth potential for those with an entrepreneurial spirit.

PI123624225",-1,OmniData Insights,"Portland, OR",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
89,Data Management Specialist,"Employer Provided Salary:
$17-$24 Per Hour","We are searching for an experienced Data Management Specialist at our Las Vegas. NV facility.

Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Summary:
Duties include to monitor and maintain integrity and accuracy of data, ensuring that it meets defined specifications set forth by the individual jobs. Maintain customer/internal personalization databases to ensure their integrity and availability. Perform job accuracy checks, identifying job problems early on and ensuring that job orders are reviewed and/or revised in a very timely manner so that customer approval and production may be completed according to schedule and work with different computer systems to process large amounts of data.

Essential Job Functions:
The list of essential functions, as outlined herein, is intended to be representative of the tasks performed within this classification. It is not necessarily descriptive of any one position in the class. The omission of an essential function does not preclude management from assigning duties not listed herein if such functions are a logical assignment to the position.
Review all personalization and variable data jobs, collaborating with pre-press department, sales, manufacturing and Planning & Scheduling team for accuracy and completeness of job notes in order to validate newly created proofs.
Resolve discrepancies, errors and potential production problems before the final proof goes to the customer, checking that the data for the last job is not being duplicated by a new one.
Ability to fully understand all processes of PLI’s card production process as it will be essential in the top level stages of Data Management staging every personalization job for the production floor from data manipulation through final labeling and shipment phases.
Take in-house and existing data from customers and format it for the various PLI printing systems which involve extensive use of commercial and in-house software applications to re-format and verify data files while following procedures for every job ensuring 100% accuracy.
Validate all in-bound data against job notes, personalization specifications, card manufacturing specifications, customer requirements and other systems where the data is needed and will be used.
Maintain all databases for customers that require PLI to hold and store account numbers, in excess of currently issued runs, for future jobs.
Provide methods, procedures and documentation to show availability of stored data.
Generate data, when not provided by customer, in-house using commercial software and/or PLI internal programs to be formatted for the printing system it will be produced on.
Provide labeling support in anticipation of custom packaging to shipping needs.
Take on additional tasks and continue to learn all department functions in order to perform upper level tasks and procedures, aiding in the continued growth of the department and company.
Provide support to the Sales Department in areas involving data management and general technical questions/assistance.
Utilize available assets to further skill sets in line with the IT and Data Management departments.
Supervise and coordinate activities of personnel in the personalization and affixing departments.
Safely perform physical demands as indicated below.
Perform these and other duties as assigned by supervisor or other appropriate management personnel.
Work mandatory overtime as needed to meet customers’ needs.

Required Qualifications

Qualifications:
Minimum of 3 years previous experience in database, computer, or pre-press roles.

Education:
4 year degree or higher in a computer related, math or business program preferred or equivalent of four years related experience.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
Expert abilities with Excel data files (version 2010).
Familiar with Data Base software (Access, SQL, etc.).
Above average math skills.
Ability to multi-task.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, verbal and written.
Strong organization skills.
Strong to excellent computer skills.

Physical Requirements and Work Environment:
The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to:
Sit, speak, hear and comprehend.
Stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms on a daily basis.
Lift up to 10 pounds on a regular basis.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include the ability to adjust focus and see colors with acuity.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is primarily in an indoor setting, but may be exposed to:
Variable temperature conditions indoor and outside (occasionally extreme heat or extreme cold).
Moving mechanical parts, toxic or caustic chemicals, and dust and/or mite hazards.
Moderate noise environment.

A demonstrated commitment to safety is a condition of employment.",-1,PLI Card Marketing Solutions,"North Las Vegas, NV",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
90,Data Management Specialist,"Employer Provided Salary:
$17-$24 Per Hour","We are searching for an experienced Data Management Specialist at our Las Vegas. NV facility.

Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Summary:
Duties include to monitor and maintain integrity and accuracy of data, ensuring that it meets defined specifications set forth by the individual jobs. Maintain customer/internal personalization databases to ensure their integrity and availability. Perform job accuracy checks, identifying job problems early on and ensuring that job orders are reviewed and/or revised in a very timely manner so that customer approval and production may be completed according to schedule and work with different computer systems to process large amounts of data.

Essential Job Functions:
The list of essential functions, as outlined herein, is intended to be representative of the tasks performed within this classification. It is not necessarily descriptive of any one position in the class. The omission of an essential function does not preclude management from assigning duties not listed herein if such functions are a logical assignment to the position.
Review all personalization and variable data jobs, collaborating with pre-press department, sales, manufacturing and Planning & Scheduling team for accuracy and completeness of job notes in order to validate newly created proofs.
Resolve discrepancies, errors and potential production problems before the final proof goes to the customer, checking that the data for the last job is not being duplicated by a new one.
Ability to fully understand all processes of PLI’s card production process as it will be essential in the top level stages of Data Management staging every personalization job for the production floor from data manipulation through final labeling and shipment phases.
Take in-house and existing data from customers and format it for the various PLI printing systems which involve extensive use of commercial and in-house software applications to re-format and verify data files while following procedures for every job ensuring 100% accuracy.
Validate all in-bound data against job notes, personalization specifications, card manufacturing specifications, customer requirements and other systems where the data is needed and will be used.
Maintain all databases for customers that require PLI to hold and store account numbers, in excess of currently issued runs, for future jobs.
Provide methods, procedures and documentation to show availability of stored data.
Generate data, when not provided by customer, in-house using commercial software and/or PLI internal programs to be formatted for the printing system it will be produced on.
Provide labeling support in anticipation of custom packaging to shipping needs.
Take on additional tasks and continue to learn all department functions in order to perform upper level tasks and procedures, aiding in the continued growth of the department and company.
Provide support to the Sales Department in areas involving data management and general technical questions/assistance.
Utilize available assets to further skill sets in line with the IT and Data Management departments.
Supervise and coordinate activities of personnel in the personalization and affixing departments.
Safely perform physical demands as indicated below.
Perform these and other duties as assigned by supervisor or other appropriate management personnel.
Work mandatory overtime as needed to meet customers’ needs.

Required Qualifications

Qualifications:
Minimum of 3 years previous experience in database, computer, or pre-press roles.

Education:
4 year degree or higher in a computer related, math or business program preferred or equivalent of four years related experience.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
Expert abilities with Excel data files (version 2010).
Familiar with Data Base software (Access, SQL, etc.).
Above average math skills.
Ability to multi-task.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, verbal and written.
Strong organization skills.
Strong to excellent computer skills.

Physical Requirements and Work Environment:
The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to:
Sit, speak, hear and comprehend.
Stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms on a daily basis.
Lift up to 10 pounds on a regular basis.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include the ability to adjust focus and see colors with acuity.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is primarily in an indoor setting, but may be exposed to:
Variable temperature conditions indoor and outside (occasionally extreme heat or extreme cold).
Moving mechanical parts, toxic or caustic chemicals, and dust and/or mite hazards.
Moderate noise environment.

A demonstrated commitment to safety is a condition of employment.",-1,PLI Card Marketing Solutions,"North Las Vegas, NV",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
91,Data Management Specialist,"Employer Provided Salary:
$17-$24 Per Hour","We are searching for an experienced Data Management Specialist at our Las Vegas. NV facility.

Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Summary:
Duties include to monitor and maintain integrity and accuracy of data, ensuring that it meets defined specifications set forth by the individual jobs. Maintain customer/internal personalization databases to ensure their integrity and availability. Perform job accuracy checks, identifying job problems early on and ensuring that job orders are reviewed and/or revised in a very timely manner so that customer approval and production may be completed according to schedule and work with different computer systems to process large amounts of data.

Essential Job Functions:
The list of essential functions, as outlined herein, is intended to be representative of the tasks performed within this classification. It is not necessarily descriptive of any one position in the class. The omission of an essential function does not preclude management from assigning duties not listed herein if such functions are a logical assignment to the position.
Review all personalization and variable data jobs, collaborating with pre-press department, sales, manufacturing and Planning & Scheduling team for accuracy and completeness of job notes in order to validate newly created proofs.
Resolve discrepancies, errors and potential production problems before the final proof goes to the customer, checking that the data for the last job is not being duplicated by a new one.
Ability to fully understand all processes of PLI’s card production process as it will be essential in the top level stages of Data Management staging every personalization job for the production floor from data manipulation through final labeling and shipment phases.
Take in-house and existing data from customers and format it for the various PLI printing systems which involve extensive use of commercial and in-house software applications to re-format and verify data files while following procedures for every job ensuring 100% accuracy.
Validate all in-bound data against job notes, personalization specifications, card manufacturing specifications, customer requirements and other systems where the data is needed and will be used.
Maintain all databases for customers that require PLI to hold and store account numbers, in excess of currently issued runs, for future jobs.
Provide methods, procedures and documentation to show availability of stored data.
Generate data, when not provided by customer, in-house using commercial software and/or PLI internal programs to be formatted for the printing system it will be produced on.
Provide labeling support in anticipation of custom packaging to shipping needs.
Take on additional tasks and continue to learn all department functions in order to perform upper level tasks and procedures, aiding in the continued growth of the department and company.
Provide support to the Sales Department in areas involving data management and general technical questions/assistance.
Utilize available assets to further skill sets in line with the IT and Data Management departments.
Supervise and coordinate activities of personnel in the personalization and affixing departments.
Safely perform physical demands as indicated below.
Perform these and other duties as assigned by supervisor or other appropriate management personnel.
Work mandatory overtime as needed to meet customers’ needs.

Required Qualifications

Qualifications:
Minimum of 3 years previous experience in database, computer, or pre-press roles.

Education:
4 year degree or higher in a computer related, math or business program preferred or equivalent of four years related experience.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
Expert abilities with Excel data files (version 2010).
Familiar with Data Base software (Access, SQL, etc.).
Above average math skills.
Ability to multi-task.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, verbal and written.
Strong organization skills.
Strong to excellent computer skills.

Physical Requirements and Work Environment:
The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to:
Sit, speak, hear and comprehend.
Stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms on a daily basis.
Lift up to 10 pounds on a regular basis.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include the ability to adjust focus and see colors with acuity.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is primarily in an indoor setting, but may be exposed to:
Variable temperature conditions indoor and outside (occasionally extreme heat or extreme cold).
Moving mechanical parts, toxic or caustic chemicals, and dust and/or mite hazards.
Moderate noise environment.

A demonstrated commitment to safety is a condition of employment.",-1,PLI Card Marketing Solutions,"North Las Vegas, NV",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
92,Data Management Specialist,"Employer Provided Salary:
$17-$24 Per Hour","We are searching for an experienced Data Management Specialist at our Las Vegas. NV facility.

Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Summary:
Duties include to monitor and maintain integrity and accuracy of data, ensuring that it meets defined specifications set forth by the individual jobs. Maintain customer/internal personalization databases to ensure their integrity and availability. Perform job accuracy checks, identifying job problems early on and ensuring that job orders are reviewed and/or revised in a very timely manner so that customer approval and production may be completed according to schedule and work with different computer systems to process large amounts of data.

Essential Job Functions:
The list of essential functions, as outlined herein, is intended to be representative of the tasks performed within this classification. It is not necessarily descriptive of any one position in the class. The omission of an essential function does not preclude management from assigning duties not listed herein if such functions are a logical assignment to the position.
Review all personalization and variable data jobs, collaborating with pre-press department, sales, manufacturing and Planning & Scheduling team for accuracy and completeness of job notes in order to validate newly created proofs.
Resolve discrepancies, errors and potential production problems before the final proof goes to the customer, checking that the data for the last job is not being duplicated by a new one.
Ability to fully understand all processes of PLI’s card production process as it will be essential in the top level stages of Data Management staging every personalization job for the production floor from data manipulation through final labeling and shipment phases.
Take in-house and existing data from customers and format it for the various PLI printing systems which involve extensive use of commercial and in-house software applications to re-format and verify data files while following procedures for every job ensuring 100% accuracy.
Validate all in-bound data against job notes, personalization specifications, card manufacturing specifications, customer requirements and other systems where the data is needed and will be used.
Maintain all databases for customers that require PLI to hold and store account numbers, in excess of currently issued runs, for future jobs.
Provide methods, procedures and documentation to show availability of stored data.
Generate data, when not provided by customer, in-house using commercial software and/or PLI internal programs to be formatted for the printing system it will be produced on.
Provide labeling support in anticipation of custom packaging to shipping needs.
Take on additional tasks and continue to learn all department functions in order to perform upper level tasks and procedures, aiding in the continued growth of the department and company.
Provide support to the Sales Department in areas involving data management and general technical questions/assistance.
Utilize available assets to further skill sets in line with the IT and Data Management departments.
Supervise and coordinate activities of personnel in the personalization and affixing departments.
Safely perform physical demands as indicated below.
Perform these and other duties as assigned by supervisor or other appropriate management personnel.
Work mandatory overtime as needed to meet customers’ needs.

Required Qualifications

Qualifications:
Minimum of 3 years previous experience in database, computer, or pre-press roles.

Education:
4 year degree or higher in a computer related, math or business program preferred or equivalent of four years related experience.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
Expert abilities with Excel data files (version 2010).
Familiar with Data Base software (Access, SQL, etc.).
Above average math skills.
Ability to multi-task.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, verbal and written.
Strong organization skills.
Strong to excellent computer skills.

Physical Requirements and Work Environment:
The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to:
Sit, speak, hear and comprehend.
Stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms on a daily basis.
Lift up to 10 pounds on a regular basis.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include the ability to adjust focus and see colors with acuity.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is primarily in an indoor setting, but may be exposed to:
Variable temperature conditions indoor and outside (occasionally extreme heat or extreme cold).
Moving mechanical parts, toxic or caustic chemicals, and dust and/or mite hazards.
Moderate noise environment.

A demonstrated commitment to safety is a condition of employment.",-1,PLI Card Marketing Solutions,"North Las Vegas, NV",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
93,Data Management Specialist,"Employer Provided Salary:
$17-$24 Per Hour","We are searching for an experienced Data Management Specialist at our Las Vegas. NV facility.

Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Summary:
Duties include to monitor and maintain integrity and accuracy of data, ensuring that it meets defined specifications set forth by the individual jobs. Maintain customer/internal personalization databases to ensure their integrity and availability. Perform job accuracy checks, identifying job problems early on and ensuring that job orders are reviewed and/or revised in a very timely manner so that customer approval and production may be completed according to schedule and work with different computer systems to process large amounts of data.

Essential Job Functions:
The list of essential functions, as outlined herein, is intended to be representative of the tasks performed within this classification. It is not necessarily descriptive of any one position in the class. The omission of an essential function does not preclude management from assigning duties not listed herein if such functions are a logical assignment to the position.
Review all personalization and variable data jobs, collaborating with pre-press department, sales, manufacturing and Planning & Scheduling team for accuracy and completeness of job notes in order to validate newly created proofs.
Resolve discrepancies, errors and potential production problems before the final proof goes to the customer, checking that the data for the last job is not being duplicated by a new one.
Ability to fully understand all processes of PLI’s card production process as it will be essential in the top level stages of Data Management staging every personalization job for the production floor from data manipulation through final labeling and shipment phases.
Take in-house and existing data from customers and format it for the various PLI printing systems which involve extensive use of commercial and in-house software applications to re-format and verify data files while following procedures for every job ensuring 100% accuracy.
Validate all in-bound data against job notes, personalization specifications, card manufacturing specifications, customer requirements and other systems where the data is needed and will be used.
Maintain all databases for customers that require PLI to hold and store account numbers, in excess of currently issued runs, for future jobs.
Provide methods, procedures and documentation to show availability of stored data.
Generate data, when not provided by customer, in-house using commercial software and/or PLI internal programs to be formatted for the printing system it will be produced on.
Provide labeling support in anticipation of custom packaging to shipping needs.
Take on additional tasks and continue to learn all department functions in order to perform upper level tasks and procedures, aiding in the continued growth of the department and company.
Provide support to the Sales Department in areas involving data management and general technical questions/assistance.
Utilize available assets to further skill sets in line with the IT and Data Management departments.
Supervise and coordinate activities of personnel in the personalization and affixing departments.
Safely perform physical demands as indicated below.
Perform these and other duties as assigned by supervisor or other appropriate management personnel.
Work mandatory overtime as needed to meet customers’ needs.

Required Qualifications

Qualifications:
Minimum of 3 years previous experience in database, computer, or pre-press roles.

Education:
4 year degree or higher in a computer related, math or business program preferred or equivalent of four years related experience.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
Expert abilities with Excel data files (version 2010).
Familiar with Data Base software (Access, SQL, etc.).
Above average math skills.
Ability to multi-task.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, verbal and written.
Strong organization skills.
Strong to excellent computer skills.

Physical Requirements and Work Environment:
The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to:
Sit, speak, hear and comprehend.
Stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms on a daily basis.
Lift up to 10 pounds on a regular basis.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include the ability to adjust focus and see colors with acuity.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is primarily in an indoor setting, but may be exposed to:
Variable temperature conditions indoor and outside (occasionally extreme heat or extreme cold).
Moving mechanical parts, toxic or caustic chemicals, and dust and/or mite hazards.
Moderate noise environment.

A demonstrated commitment to safety is a condition of employment.",-1,PLI Card Marketing Solutions,"North Las Vegas, NV",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
94,Cloud Data Architect,"$86k-$140k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are!

At Maven Wave, we are relentless in hiring the industrys top talent. Each employee is hand-picked not only for their skills, but for their personality and broad expertise. We are looking for this rare combination of talent that sets us apart in the industry.

Maven Wave helps leading companies make the shift to digital and shorten the fuse to innovation. We combine the expertise of top-tier consulting with the agility of a cutting-edge technology firm. This multidisciplinary blend of skills allows us to create unique digital advantages for our clients. Maven Waves digital solutions are agile, mobile, rooted in analytics, and built in the cloud.


Maven Wave, Google, and YOU: Architect, design, develop and deploy end-to-end data analytics solutions in the Cloud for our clients.

We are looking for a Cloud Data Architect to be responsible for leading a team of engineers and consultants to deliver technical solutions from architecture through deployment.


Your Life As a Maven:
Perform overall architecture design, performance tuning/cost management, and implementation of Big Data analytical solutions with GCP and/or AWS cloud environments.
Provide thought leadership to clients to clients to assist with defining their architecture, data, and analytics strategies and AWS or GCP.
Implement end-to-end data analytics solutions (from data ingestion through visualization) for large-scale, complex client environments.
Lead a team of data engineers in designing, developing, testing, and deploying high performance data analytics solutions.
Communicate complex technical topics to non-technical business and senior executives and assist with scoping, architecting and selling cloud data solutions.
Your Expertise:
10+ years of IT experience with 5+ years architecting, developing, and deploying scalable enterprise data solutions.
Hands-on experience developing and deploying Big Data technologies on GCP and/or AWS.
Experience architecting, developing, and deploying ETL workloads.
Hands-on experience deploying solutions in large-scale, high performing databases like Netezza, BigQuery, Teradata, RedShift, Snowflake, etc.
Demonstrated experience writing complex SQL queries and coding in Python and/or Java.
Must have a bachelors degree in Computer Science, Technology, Computer Information Systems, Computer Applications, Engineering, or a related field.
Your X-Factor:
Aptitude - You have an innate capacity to transition from project to project without skipping a beat.
Communication - You have excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordination across projects and teams.
Impact - You are a critical thinker with an emphasis on creativity and innovation.
Passion - You have the drive to succeed paired with a continuous hunger to learn.
Leadership - You are trusted, empathetic, accountable, and empower others around you.
Why Were Proud To Be Mavens!
Google Cloud North America Services Partner of the Year 2019, 2018
#21 Best Workplaces in Chicago, FORTUNE, 2018
Great Place To Work Certification, Great Place to Work, 2017 & 2018
Fast Fifty, Crain's Chicago Business
101 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For, National Association for Business Resources (NABR)
Top Google Cloud Partner, Clutch
Fastest Growing Consulting Firms in North America (#11, #37), Consulting Magazine
Top IT Services Companies, Clutch
Google Global Rising Star Partner of the Year
Ready to Learn More?
Life as a Maven
Check out the Data Team
See what Glassdoor has to say
Real Customer Stories",4.4,"Maven Wave Partners
4.4","Chicago, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
95,Data Architect III (ISD Architect III),"$114k-$180k
(Glassdoor Est.)","YOUR LIFE'S MISSION: POSSIBLE

You have goals, dreams, hobbies and things you’re passionate about.

What’s Important to You Is Important to Us
We’re looking for people who not only want to do meaningful, challenging work, keep their skills sharp and move ahead, but who also take time for the things that matter to them—friends, family and passions. And we're looking for team members who are passionate about our mission—making a difference in military members' and their families' lives. Together, we can make it happen.

Don’t take our word for it.

FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®
Computerworld® Best Places to Work in IT
FORTUNE® Best Workplaces for Millennials
Forbes® America’s Best Employers

IND123

Basic Purpose

To support Information Technology division and the enterprise by providing comprehensive architectural leadership in translating business vision and strategies into effective IT and business capabilities through the design, implementation, and integration of IT systems. The Data Architect focuses on architecture and design of advanced analytic solutions on the data lake platform as well as on traditional data warehousing and business intelligence platforms.

Required (Individual Role):
Extensive experience in architecting and designing data management solutions using data lake platform tools and technologies such as Python, Kafka, Flume, HDFS, ADLS, ADF, Azure Blob, Hive, Impala, HBase, Spark, JSON, Kudu, Scala and Solr.
Experience in architecting solutions in Microsoft Azure using both PaaS and IaaS models
Experience in architecting systems, and applications using containerization technologies, like Kubernetes, Dockers, Mesos, etc.
Experience in data architecture and business intelligence (BI) disciplines, and a deep understanding of Data Warehousing, BI, master data management, Reference Data Management, Metadata, and advanced analytics concepts in large organizations
Experience in delivering Data as a Service (DaaS) concepts from the enterprise repositories using REST APIs
Experience in complex integration and data caching tools and technologies
Experience in CI/CD practice set up and operationalization
Experience in using various data modeling techniques and their appropriate usage in data integration
Desired (Individual Role):
Experience with Cloudera Data Platform governance and data pipeline management
Experience with Machine Learning algorithms, AI, and predictive modeling techniques
Experience using Service Oriented Architecture and related methodologies
Experience in Enterprise Java (J2EE) technologies, Web Services, XML, UML, Information models, Data Flow Diagrams, Multi-threaded software applications
Familiarity with cloud data platform processes automation
Experience with Mainframe data storage related to VSAM, and Copybooks
Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:00am - 5:00pm

Location: 820 Follin Lane, Vienna, VA 22180

Equal Employment Opportunity

Navy Federal values, celebrates, and enacts diversity in the workplace. Navy Federal takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities, disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans. EOE/AA/M/F/Veteran/Disability

Disclaimer

Navy Federal reserves the right to fill this role at a higher/lower grade level based on business need. An assessment may be required to compete for this position.

Bank Secrecy Act

Remains cognizant of and adheres to Navy Federal policies and procedures, and regulations pertaining to the Bank Secrecy Act.",3.8,"Navy Federal Credit Union
3.8","Vienna, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1933,Other Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
96,Azure Data Architect,"$78k-$129k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number: 78269

Azure Data Architect

Insight’s Digital Innovation division believes in the power of ingenuity to innovate, transform, and build a positive human future in a technology-driven world. Our diverse team of experts combine innovative thinking with breakthrough-technologies to progress further, faster.

Our full-time team of engineers are leveraging AI, IoT edge, the cloud in projects that range from real-time aerial inspections to improve safety to projects that monitor lice infestations in salmon populations to keep food supplies safe. Think about all the cool stuff you read about that others are doing and I’ll bet you that we have a team that is working on it right now: augmented reality with MSFT Hololens, conversation agents (chatbots) with AI and cognitive learning, real time IoT… the list goes on! On our team, you will work closely with client stakeholders and an award-winning team of engineers, architects, and thought leaders to design, build, and implement next-generation solutions.

We are looking to hire an experienced Cloud Data Architect.

Modern Data Warehousing, Advanced Analytics, and Big Data are pretty hot topics right now. We’re helping our clients ensure they are best placed in the market to offer exceptional value through creative, deployable modern data solutions.

What Our Cloud Data Architects Do
Lead discussions with client leadership explaining architecture options and recommendations
Design sustainable and optimal database models to support the business requirements
Advise clients on database management, integration and BI tools
Assist in performance tuning of databases and code
Mentor development team members in design/development of ETL and BI implementations
Perform architectural assessments of the client's Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW)
Work with the sales team to create and deliver client proposals and demonstrations
Present to client, industry and internal peer groups
What we look for
Lead discussions with client leadership explaining architecture options and recommendations
Design sustainable and optimal database models to support the business requirements
Advise clients on database management, integration and BI tools
Assist in performance tuning of databases and code
Mentor development team members in design/development of ETL and BI implementations
Perform architectural assessments of the client's Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW)
Work with the sales team to create and deliver client proposals and demonstrations
Present to client, industry and internal peer groups
What can Insight offer?
At Insight, you will work on major, high impact projects, solving organizations problems with the best
tech in the industry. You’ll join a team of proven Engineers/Architects who have a demonstrated
understanding of software development and data warehousing principles. The team is curious and
encouraging, ensuring you continue developing your skills, helping others achieve their goals, and
working consistently to support our customers. You’ll also receive great benefits like flexible vacation,
401k matching, training resources, career advancement opportunities, and a quarterly bonus program.

Ready to join? Discover more at insight.com…or just APPLY!

About Insight

At Insight Enterprises, Inc. we empower organizations to run smarter by defining, architecting, implementing, and managing Intelligent Technology Solutions ™. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our teammates help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter.
Global provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations of all sizes
Microsoft Global Partner of the Year for AI, IoT, Open Source Solutions, Mobile Apps, & Modern Desktop; Microsoft US Partner of the Year for DevOps
Fortune Top 100 Best Companies for Diversity
Fortune Top 50 Best Workplaces in Technology
Winner of several “Best Places to Work” awards
30+ years in business, 11,000+ teammates worldwide, and $7.7 billion in revenue in 2019
Insight in the News!
Insight Earns 2020 Microsoft U.S. Partner of the Year Award
Insight Named Microsoft Worldwide Customer Experience Partner of the Year
Insight Recognized at #14 on CRN’s 2019 Solution Provider 500 List
Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law.

The position (or opportunity) described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight.

For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, read below link:
http://www.insight.com/en_US/help/physical-demands-and-work-environment.html",4.0,"Insight Enterprises, Inc.
4.0","Nashville, TN",-1,10000+ Employees,1988,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
97,Enterprise Data Architect,"$100k-$160k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Beam Suntory is Crafting the Spirits that Stir the World. Rooted in two centuries of family heritage, Beam Suntory has evolved into the world's third largest leading premium spirits company ... where each employee is treated like family and trusted with legacy. With our greatest assets - our premium spirits and our people - we're driving growth through impactful marketing, innovation and an entrepreneurial spirit. Beam Suntory is a place where you can come Unleash your Spirit by making an impact each and every day.

Enterprise Data Architect

What makes this a great opportunity?

The Enterprise Data Architect (EDA) is responsible for the overall definition and implementation of enterprise data architecture and for delivering high quality modern data solutions. The EDA will design enterprise data models, enterprise data catalog, and facilitate the adoption of enterprise data architecture, governance policies and procedures across the organization.

This is a critical architecture role to help drive global data management while refining the data architecture landscape for the company. The EDA will solve challenges in Data Management (ETL, ELT, Data Intelligence, Data Modeling) and Data Governance (creation, collection, retaining and using of data). The EDA will be responsible for evaluating new technologies and enabling Beam Suntory to make high impact, long-term decisions around design, procurement, and deployment of modern data architecture solutions such as data lake, data warehouse, data governance, data as a service and data virtualization technologies. The data architect will also be responsible for drafting technical standards, creating data reference architectures, patterns and publishing architectural artifacts.

The position reports into the Director of Enterprise Architecture.
Beam Suntory is a leader in the spirits industry with a track record of profitability and growth
A great opportunity to help shape the global data architecture ecosystem
Key contributor on the Enterprise Architecture team that defines and influences the strategy, architecture and design of the future-state Beam Suntory ecosystem.
Role Responsibilities
Capture current and define future state enterprise information architecture and information value chains in collaboration with business and IT teams
Define strategies and approaches to advance enterprise data platforms in support of the information value streams. Develop the architecture roadmap and plan.
Collaborate with Enterprise Information Management and Information Security to scope and classified data assets that are deemed enterprise-significant determined by business impact, decision impact, risk mitigation impact or organizational impact.
Define and establish data and tech standards for enterprise data acquisition, cleansing, harmonization, storage, aggregation, transformation and consumption.
Facilitate and collaborate with Enterprise Information Management to deploy standard solutions for data governance.
Work with cross functional architects to define reference architectures for data placement, usage, integration and storage.
Establish uniform and consistent identifiers, formats and protocols necessary for sharing and exchanging data (including structured and unstructured).
Define specifications and publish standards around data transport and data APIs
Lead and deliver on technical evaluations of core data technologies and frameworks.
Work with data engineers, product managers, and enterprise stakeholders to help deliver innovative, data-driven systems.
Monitor regulatory guidelines (such as privacy requirements), compliance-related guidance (such as data retention and audit requirements) and emerging industry standards to determine their impact on the enterprise data architecture.
Collaborate with extended teams to communicate data architecture strategies, standards, and direction.
Strong attention to detail, problem-solving skills and verbal/written communication, including communicating updates, risks, etc.
Develop business proposal presentations that speaks to both IT and business value.
Work in a fast-paced, dynamic global team environment.
Qualifications & Experience
Bachelor’s degree or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Information Systems, or related discipline or equivalent.
Multiple experiences as data architect with working knowledge of data management, data lake, data warehouse, data governance, BI & analytics.
Experience in establishing standard data processes to acquire, analyze, store, cleanse, and transform large datasets.
Understanding of metamodels, taxonomies and ontologies, as well as the challenges of applying structured techniques (data modeling) to less-structured sources.
A minimum of 12 years of architecture experience and background in information systems and information technology, with at least 7+ years in data architecture with increasing responsibilities in modern data architecture practices, leveraging -
Cloud platforms - Azure, GCP and AWS
API & Web services (REST & SOAP)
AI/ML technologies in Azure, AWS and GCP
Big Data – BigQuery, Hadoop, Hive
Data Warehouse – SAP BW/HANA, BigQuery, Redshift, Vertica, Snowflake etc.
Data Virtualization and DaaS technology
SQL, NoSQL and Graph databases
Data Analytics – Tableau, ThoughtSpot, SAP Analytics Cloud, Salesforce Einstein
Data Engineering – Relational, Dimensional, Columnar, Graph DB design
At Beam Suntory, people are our number one priority! We are an equal opportunity employer and committed to promoting a diverse and inclusive environment. All recruitment and hiring decisions are based on an applicant’s skills and experience.

Nearest Major Market: Chicago

Apply now »",3.7,"Beam Suntory
3.7","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
98,Sr. Dynamic 365 Architect,-1,"*Job Title: *

_Senior Dynamic 365 Architect_

*Work Location: *

_Main Colonial _

*Reports To: *

_IT Director_

*Department: *

_Information Technology_

*Classification: *

_Exempt_

*Pay Grade: *

*About Our Organization*

Colonial Distributing Inc. is a leading independent grocery wholesaler located in Tampa. We offer a full range of products from top vendors throughout the world. With a group of solid professionals, we provide weekly direct store deliveries. We also have two Cash and Carry store locations to serve our customers, one in Tampa, FL and one in Pensacola, Florida. _https://www.linkedin.com/company/colonialdistributing/_

The organization was founded in 1998 and the vision is to be the distributor of choice for our customers and suppliers through a diverse team of empowered industry leaders, while giving back to the communities where we live and serve.

*Job Purpose*

We are actively interviewing experienced *hands-on* Sr. Microsoft Dynamic 365 F&O professionals to join our Information Technology Team.

As the Senior Microsoft Dynamics 365 Finance and Operations (D365 F&O) Architect, the incumbent will work closely department representatives on hands-on business processes while maximizing the Microsoft Dynamics 365 platform to its full capacity. Candidate be a subject matter expert on Microsoft’s cloud based not limited to: ERP; WMS; Financial with emphasis on General Ledger; Purchasing & Contract Management; Project Accounting; Fixed Assets; Accounts Payable; Budgeting and Grant Accounting.

*Duties and Responsibilities (not limited to any duty as assigned)*

* Hands on work with Dynamics AX/365 F&O Hands on experience working with the Finance modules of Dynamics AX/365 F&O Experience with Project Accounting related projects with Dynamics 365 F&O Experience in the Professional Service industry.
* Experience implementing Dynamics 365 Experience with the Dynamics 365 Advanced Warehouse module.
* Expert in D365 (WMS) Warehouse Management solution capabilities; Real world experience in warehousing for a distribution company (highly desirable).
* Expert in D365 (ERP) Enterprise Resource Planning solution capabilities.
* D365 Finance and Operations Experience in AP, AR, GL, Fixed Assets, Project Accounting, Cash & Bank, Budgeting, Supply Chain Management.
* Should be proficient in Business Analysis, Business Knowledge, Testing, Architecture Knowledge.
* with emphasis on General Ledger, Purchasing and Contract Management, Project Accounting, Fixed Assets, Accounts Payable, Budgeting and Grant Accounting to work with multiple teams composed of technical and business analysts to provide support and lead team to utilization of Microsoft Dynamics to its full capacity.
* Review and map Microsoft Dynamics business processes and execute the day-to-day activities of Microsoft Dynamics D365 Finance & Operations.
* Analyzed user’s business requirements and product objectives to develop, determine scope and ensure the application designs in products meet users’ specifications.
* Prioritized customer issues to address most pressing concerns and ensured service to users.
* Manage and document business and system processes making use of Microsoft cloud-based tools including Lifecycle Services and Azure Dev Ops.
* Training key users on the core job functions.
* Identify and link functional and technical requirements to deliver an end to end solution.

*Qualifications*

* D365 Finance and Operations Experience in AP, AR, GL, Fixed Assets, Project Accounting, Cash & Bank, Budgeting, Supply Chain Management
* 5+ years of ERP and WMS implementation experience using defined project management methodologies
* Prior experience working in food warehouse distribution
* Trade and logistics, Production, and Finance preferred

*Working Conditions*

This position works in an office environment, but maybe required to work in warehouse and or field sales with representatives.

*Physical Requirements*

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit for long periods of time and enter data into a computer using a keyboard and mouse. Job frequently requires standing, handling objects with hands, standing, walking, reaching, talking, hearing, stooping, bending, twisting, and reaching may be required in completion of job duties. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

*Direct Reports*

This position may require supervising others.

*Preferred Education or Experience*

BS College Education Degree or higher in computer science/engineering, or other IT related fields with focus in Information technology; Minimum 5 years of related work experience. Proficient with Microsoft Dynamic 365, Microsoft

*Shift and Expected hours of work*

Up to 55 hrs., Monday to Friday start at 8:00 to 5:00pm taking an hour lunch with some possible Saturdays / Sundays.

*Job Description Acknowledgement*

The job descriptions are an overview of the duties, responsibilities, and requirements of the position. Employees may be required to perform other job-related assignments as assigned. I have read and understand the job requirements, responsibilities and expectations set forth in the job description provided for my position. I attest that I can perform the essential job functions as outlined with or without any reasonable accommodations. I am aware the company may change responsibilities and task to align with business objectives.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Employee Name (print) Employee (signature) Date

*Approved by: *

*Date approved: *

*Reviewed: *

_EEOC Employer_

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $49.00 - $60.00 per hour

Benefits:
* Dental insurance
* Health insurance
* Paid time off
* Vision insurance
Schedule:
* Monday to Friday

Work Remotely:
* No",-1,Colonial Distributing,"Tampa, FL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
99,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"About Narrativ

Narrativ is a technology platform for brands to unlock, manage, and grow their share of product reviews on the open web.

Why is this important? We've seen a decade's worth of e-commerce growth in 2020, and the emergence of a smarter consumer who demands a better way to buy than ads. They're turning to expert product reviews on trusted sources ranging from The New York Times to their favorite YouTuber. But only Amazon is reaping the benefits today, commanding a $40B monopoly on product reviews online.

Narrativ's patented technology empowers everyone to win. We build the tech and tools to turn honest reviews that tell the whole story about a product into a multibillion dollar acquisition channel for all brands. Teams at Sephora, Best Buy, L'Oreal and hundreds of others already partner with Narrativ to yield more efficient results than Facebook and Google.

Our work breaking Amazon's monopoly and fixing broken and out-of-stock links on the Internet has gotten us recognized by The World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer and by Fast Company as one of the best places to work for innovators.

Why you should work here:
We're growing, fast: Narrativ's platform hosts 50+ partners spending $20mm+ a year including Best Buy, L'Oreal, Sephora, Bed Bath & Beyond, Home Depot, Nordstrom, and Samsung. We've doubled revenue so far in 2020.
We have a talented team: We're a team of 50+ from places like Amazon, Facebook, Google, and Etsy with a female founder that's been awarded by the Financial Times, Forbes, and Inc. We're hiring quickly, with plans to double our team in the next year.
We're challenging the status quo: Breaking monopolies and diversifying industries is in our DNA. Come join us on our mission to democratize product recommendations for all and build a better internet for shoppers.
Come join us on our mission to build a better Internet for shoppers!

The Job:
A data engineer at Narrativ will build and scale a first-class data platform. You understand the history of batch and streaming big data systems, know when awk outperforms Hadoop map-reduce, and have spent a lot of time thinking about the best ways to handle schema drift. You care deeply about making scalable systems from simple, reliable, and correct building blocks. You can explain the advantages and disadvantages of a wide range of data structures depending on the desired use case. You can articulate when a general solution is good enough, and when a specialized solution is necessary.

You are Narrativ's Data Engineer

Mission
Build and maintain batch and streaming data systems
Enable scalability and observability for batch and realtime data streams
Collaborate and build tools so all engineers can easily ""do the right thing"" with regard to scalable batch and streaming data requirements.
Key Results
Merchant product feed can ingest datasets of 10M+
Create performant and straightforward patterns for OLTP, OLAP, streaming ingest and enrichment, creating search indexes, etc
Requirements
5+ years of experience with big data systems such as Hadoop, Spark, Flink, Kafka, Storm, Heron, NiFi, Hive, etc
Understanding of different serialization and storage formats like Avro, Parquet, Thrift, Protocol Buffers, FlatBuffers, JSON, CSV, XML
Working knowledge of relational databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL), non-relational (Redis, Cassandra/Scylla), and warehouses (Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery
Experience with streaming data technologies and patterns
Experience with orchestration frameworks like Airflow, Oozie
Expertise in a general purpose programming language
Strong experience in SQL

Bonus
Expertise in Scala, Java, or Kotlin
Experience in Elixir
Working knowledge of probabilistic data structures and algorithms like count-min sketch, hyperloglog, bloom filters, reservoir sampling, etc
Important Notice: We are putting the health and safety of our employees first. For the balance of 2020, we'll be working from home. WIth so much uncertainty in the world, this is a decision that helped eliminate the anxiety associated with commuting and gave our teammates one less thing to worry about.

Narrativ is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or veteran status.",3.6,"Narrativ
3.6","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
100,Senior Data Architect,"$96k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","EchoStar Corporation (NASDAQ: SATS) headquartered in Englewood, CO, with additional locations world-wide, is a premier global provider of satellite solutions and technology services. Together with its major subsidiaries—EchoStar Satellite Services and Hughes Network Systems— EchoStar offers employees the opportunity to explore the boundaries of what’s possible in the fields of engineering and the business functions transforming this engineering into revenue.

Hughes has an exciting opportunity for a Senior Data Architect. This position will be located at our headquarters in Germantown, MD.

Responsibilities:

Design and build suitable enterprise architecture to harness the operations and business data, develop applications needed for data analysis, modelling and data visualizations.

Configure and deploy applications to get the required reports for system’s analysis

Find and communicate “stories” told in the data using AI/ML technologies

Evaluate new technologies and innovate on new approaches to develop the best solutions and self-service analytics capabilities.

Harness the operations and business data in a hybrid model like data lake, with multiple Bigdata, SQL, NOSQL, with on-prem and cloud hybrid framework,

Develop custom reporting/visualization and design backend data organization suitable using the standard BI visualization frameworks.

Customize middleware data integrations, Apache Kafka, Storm, message broker.

Designing Cloud based framework like GCP, AWS for ETL, data organization, storage and visualizations.

Develop applications using Java/J2EE, Javascript, JSON/XML, Spring Framework and RESTful APIs

Basic Requirements:

Bachelor's degree in computer science/engineering, data science, telecommunication or related technical field

8+ years’ experience in Data Architecture, Data Modelling, Data Visualization, and/or Data Security

5+ years’ experience in Cloud based data architecture and security.

5+ years’ experience in data science tools like SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence (Web Intelligence), Python/Pandas/R, Tableau, ELK-Kibana, etc.

Preferred Qualifications:

Master's degree in computer science/engineering, data science, telecommunication or related technical field

Experience in enterprise data architecture design, building applications to analyze the data generated by a big telecom network, measure the efficiency of the system and identify issues using the statistics modelling

Be familiar and have working knowledge on designing Cloud based framework like GCP, AWS for ETL, data organization, storage and visualizations.

Proficiency in programming languages such as Java/J2EE, Javascript, JSON/XML, Spring Framework and RESTful APIs

Experience working with databases such as MySQL, Oracle, MongoDB/NoSQL, Google BigQuery and AWS Redshift

Enterprise data architecture certification such as TOGAF

Data security management on Cloud, working knowledge of LDAP, AD integration, TLS protocols and Firewall setups

DevOps working knowledge on CI/CD, Git, BitBucket, Jenkins, Docker, Ansible and ClearCase

UML Modelling tools and practices

Strong statistical/analytics background

Ability to work in a team environment

EchoStar and its Affiliated Companies are committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal law. U.S. Citizenship is required for certain positions. EEO is the law.",3.5,"Hughes Network Systems, LLC
3.5","Germantown, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1971,Subsidiary or Business Segment,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
101,Data Architect,"$93k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Architect

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ Funding is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses to release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our creative and timely approach to providing working capital, along with our comprehensive accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ Funding is looking for a skilled and progressive Data Architect to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Architect will support database architects and engineers, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will that ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Responsibilities for Data Architect
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and assist in the implementation of data-focused internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Engineering and Data teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing LSQ products into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
1-3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with structured as well as unstructured datasets.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Below experience is preferred but not required:
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.",4.5,"LSQ
4.5","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
102,Lead Data Architect,"$77k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Family Group:

Information Technology
Overview

Bold. Energetic. Ingenious. Genuine. These qualities best describe employees who work for Ingevity. We believe it takes extraordinary people to create extraordinary results.

At Ingevity, we harness the bold spirit, innate curiosity and remarkable ingenuity of our people to develop innovations that purify, protect and enhance the world around us. Our products enable oil to flow better, crops to grow fuller, roads last longer, and ensure that the air we all breathe is cleaner.

Already a leader in markets in which we compete, we leverage our deep technical expertise and knowledge of our customers’ industries to turn complex challenges into powerful possibilities and value-added solutions. We prize creativity and imagination and we’re always looking for a better, smarter way of doing things.

We know it takes the right people with the right attitude to achieve the improbable. People who understand that there is no challenge too big and no contribution too small. People with the ability to solve and the commitment to stay the course. People who work together to create meaningful impact and exponential results, for our customers and the world around us. Our people are our most valued asset, and the foundation of our success. Interested? We thought you might be, and we’re so glad!

How you’ll impact Ingevity:
Provide data architecture leadership in guiding the development of conceptual, logical and physical data models to support data analysis and business intelligence.
Develop and document data architecture solutions, including technical designs, guidelines and standards for the enterprise.
Maintain understanding of emerging data architecture concepts and methods and associated technology trends.
Deep expertise in data management, data architecture, metadata management, data integration, data governance, data modeling (conceptual, logical, and physical), data transport, data quality, and master data management.
Excellent understanding of distributed and cloud-based data technologies and analytics tools
Familiarity with data governance workflows and leading practices.
Provide technical leadership and strategic direction for the technologies, standards, processes and architectures for data across the enterprise.
Work with business and IT stakeholders to ensure data architecture addresses business and IT objectives.
Oversee end-to-end data life cycle management activities to ensure data governance and management model is effective and right-sized.
Create and maintain current-state and target-state data architectures.
Work with the Director of Data Strategy and Governance to ensure data standards, guidelines and processes related to data quality are embedded in technology solutions.
Ensure technology solutions are in alignment with data architecture principles and target state.
Provide data architecture leadership in guiding the design, development, implementation and maintenance of complex data systems and solutions.
Understand the importance of Data Mastership and Data Flow mapping for the business, capturing both As-Is and To Be states, and help identify the right data for the business.
Establish processes that allow for cleaner integration and effective use of data within the business. Understand internal/external data flow for each of the business processes.

What you need to succeed:
Bachelor’s degree required. Management Information Systems, Engineering, Business or related disciplines preferred.
Minimum of five years’ data architecture experience (required) within a manufacturing environment (preferred).
Expertise in data management, data architecture, metadata management, data integration, data governance, data modeling (conceptual, logical, and physical), data transport, data quality, and master data management are required.
Prior data architecture leadership experience in guiding the design, development, implementation and maintenance of complex data systems and solutions required.
Experience with SAP ERP data, in addition to excellent general data architecture and data integration experience required.
Exceptional business acumen, strategic thinking, cross functional integration knowledge, strong interpersonal and communications skills with the ability to influence and collaborate at all levels of the organization.
Experience working within a data governance team (eg. data governance council or data management COE) preferred.
Ability to articulate the direction of data architecture and what main business outcomes will be achieved at all levels of the organization required.
Able to self-manage and work independently in a fast-paced environment with dynamic requirements and priorities.
Self-motivated and proactive with demonstrated critical thinking and creative problem-solving skills.
Strong Microsoft Office skills - Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, MS Project, MS SharePoint.
This position is eligible for relocation assistance.
This role is not eligible for employment visa sponsorship. The successful candidate must not now, or in the future, require sponsorship to work in the US.

Ingevity is an Equal Opportunity Employer, Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled.

Recruiting Agencies:Ingevity does not accept unsolicited resumes and therefore, will not be responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.",4.1,"Ingevity
4.1","North Charleston, SC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2015,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
103,Marketing Data Manager,"$32k-$68k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


JM Family Enterprises, Inc. is one of the largest, most innovative and diversified companies in the automotive industry. JM Family has been on Fortune Magazine's Best Companies to Work For for 20 consecutive years. What started with Jim Moran's passion for selling cars continues today with the dedication and hard work of every JM Family associate. Our principal businesses focus on vehicle distribution and processing, finance and insurance, retail vehicle sales, and dealer technology services. At JM Family, our mission is to be the premier provider of quality products and services. We accomplish this mission by adhering to our core values, the three C’s, the I and the A: Consideration, Cooperation, Communication, Innovation, and Accountability.

Southeast Toyota Distributors is one of the lines of businesses within JM Family Enterprises and is the world’s largest independent distributor of Toyota vehicles. The company was established in 1968 when Jim Moran partnered with Toyota Motor Sales to help expand the automaker’s presence in the U.S. market. Today, Southeast Toyota distributes vehicles, parts and accessories to more than 177 independent Toyota dealerships in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. The company helps its dealers sell over 20 percent of all Toyota vehicles in the nation through innovative sales and marketing programs, customer service, accessory development, fleet sales, and transportation and logistics.

Job Description


Here at Southeast Toyota Distributors, the Marketing Data Manager works closely with other teams, partners, and IT to improve our marketing efficiencies and effectiveness. In regard to Campaign Management, this individual will be coordinating marketing and campaign measurement and optimization. Develop and use marketing analytics to understand what is used in campaigns to assist in measurement to provide input to Analytics Roadmap as new data needs to support upcoming / future campaigns. This person will be responsible for the data quality and make it available to support our Marketing efforts. This role will manage the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd party customer and marketing data. This includes the onboarding and management of our Tier 1, 2, and 3 data to the SET Marketing Platform (SMP) and analytics solutions, while maintaining data quality, security, sharing, and catalogs.

Areas of focus and responsibility will include:
Marketing Measurement
Improve our capability to measure our marketing efforts
Engage Marketing teams and partners to see how metrics, knowledge and efforts can be shared
Coordinate efforts and make recommendations for new data to be added to the platform
Oversee Acxiom data strategy and enablement efforts and ROI analysis
Oversee and facilitate enhancements to Customer Loyalty tool within SMP
Promoting clarity and efficiency in using data to drive decision making
Measurement of campaign and marketing channel effectiveness, including attribution modeling
Campaign Management
Work with Agencies and Acxiom to build out campaigns
Support campaign processes
Work with Team and Agencies to standardize and improve the campaign request, administration and measurement processes
Work with agencies, teams, and partners to enhance and improve campaigns based on insights, analytics or new data availability.
Works with team to deliver on the analytics and business intelligence strategy for SET Customer Journey/Marketing
The position will interact with various partners and serve as a connector between all relevant parties, including but not limited to our marketing communications team, retention marketing team, 22squared, DSplus, Acxiom, Liveramp
Working closely with Legal and partners to ensures data security, privacy, and usage compliance.
Job Requirements


Minimum of 5 years experience required in the following:

● Possesses strong data analysis skills

● Experience with campaign management tools

● Experience with campaign and marketing audiences and models

● Understands digital marketing channels and tactics

● Experience with marketing measurement and understands attribution modeling

● Has experience with data management, data platforms and self-service tools (SQL, Tableau, Cognos, or Power BI)

● Understands and applies data methodology, security and quality governance principles

Our ideal candidate will:
Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills
Exhibit strong presentation, negotiation and conflict resolution skills
Employ a strong learning orientation and curiosity in approach to data
Require very limited supervision; broad objectives are outlined; work is judged on results; develops methods to achieve results
Be a results-oriented individual with influencing capability to build partnerships and manage relationships across teams and agencies",4.0,"JM Family Enterprises
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1968,Company - Private,Vehicle Dealers,Retail,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
104,Chief Architect,-1,"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Work directly with the user engagement team and product owners on functional requirements to develop key functionality to support combatant commands
Analyze functional requirements and translate them into technical requirements.
Design a large-scale system architecture that integrates multiple systems into a common workflow and data fabric
Develop and maintain architecture and engineering artifacts, such as the concept of operations (CONOPS), system design document (SDD)
Lead the team to develop the system based on the architecture and engineering artifacts, identify/fill gaps. Lead whiteboard sessions to identify/resolve problems
Work with information systems security personnel, system engineers, and the development team to position the system for Assessment and Authorization (A&A) on multiple networks with several thousand users
Provide direct technical guidance to the government and all program stakeholders

Basic Qualifications:

5+ years experience DoD System/Software Engineering
Experience designing and implementing across the Enterprise Information Technology core pillars of Networking, Security, Databases, Operating Systems (Unix, Linux, and/or Windows)
Willingness and drive to follow and keep abreast of industry best practices, patterns, methodologies, and actively mentor fellow team members
Demonstrable experience decomposing high level requirements into actionable technical courses of action with engineering artifacts/plans/research items for the team to build relevant solutions
Experience working with data at multiple classification levels and have an understanding of multi-domain authentication (PKI, Basic), authorization and session management

Desired Skills:

Experience supporting CCMDs and an understanding of how they operate
Experience working with cross domain solutions
Experience working in a SAFe Agile Development Environment

Security Clearance:

Active TS/SCI w/poly (or willingness to undergo poly)

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.

For more details, or to submit a referral: bit.ly/NovettaReferrals

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Herndon, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
105,Scrum Master- Data Analytics & Engineer,"$74k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Liberty Mutual, technology isn't just a part of our business, it's what drives us forward. We deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as an agile team within a Fortune 100 company, we are on the front edge of an IT transformation of how people work and deliver solutions.

If you want to be a part of a talented team that is pushing the limits of innovative technology, and you have a strong passion for agile, servant leadership, and continuous improvement - we want you! We are looking for an exceptional agilest to be a scrum master within GRM Technology Data and Analytics Engineering.

The Scrum Master on the Data Analytics and Engineer team is responsible for timely and successful delivery of features/enablers for programmatic business and/or technology objectives that require coordination of multiple scrum teams. Facilitates process and program execution, escalates impediments, manages risk and helps drive program-level continuous improvement.

The Scrum Master will be responsible for developing strategies adoption of agile methodologies and ongoing development of agile capabilities within business unit. You will also initiate and foster collaborative partnerships required for training and coaching; develop relationships that support organizational agility.

Work with a team committed to excellence!

Help bring Information Management operations into the future!
Facilitate squads developing state of the art technology!
Model and promote a “Data First” attitude

In this role you will:

Implements consistent process and tools and identify emerging best practices and issues to help continuously advance agile methods and practices.
Work closely with executives, business unit leaders, product owners, and squads as an expert on agile methods and to educate organizations to use a variety of approaches to deliver customer value in both business and IT teams.
Ensures successful delivery of large impact and/or cross-functional product initiative by assisting in the identification and solution of organizational impediments which limit team’s customer centricity, productivity, and/or quality.
Provide scaling expertise to align multiple agile teams, collaborate and facilitate quarterly planning with large groups, manage portfolio backlog of epics and features, and facilitate decision making with Product Management, Senior Leaders and Architects.
Coaches, mentors and provides guidance to Scrum Masters, Technologists, Architects and other members of the squad.
Provide feedback to management at all levels regarding the progress of agile transformations within their teams.
Requires ability to manage projects from conception to successful implementation.
Requires solid project management skills, ability to multitask and manage multiple projects in a cross-functional environment.
Requires excellent communication, interpersonal, organizational and team building skills, business judgment, and proven expertise in directing the efforts of a technical staff.
In-depth knowledge of business functions and extensive understanding of business operations, strategies and objectives.
In-depth knowledge of SAFe (Scaled Agile Framework) with three plus years’ experience as a Scrum Master, Product Owner or Agile Coach.
Strong communication, facilitation, presentation and consensus building skills.",3.5,"Liberty Mutual Insurance
3.5","Portsmouth, NH",-1,10000+ Employees,1912,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
106,Data Architect,"$67k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Group Highlights

Intelligence

The Intelligence group provides high-end systems engineering and integration products and services, data analytics and software development to national and military intelligence customers. Serving federal agencies and the Intelligence Community for more than 50 years, the Intelligence group helps our clients meet their mission needs by providing trusted advisors, leading-edge technologies, and innovative solutions.

Responsibilities

The Data Architect will serve as a member of the N2W Active IT and project team, providing systems engineering, network engineering, and project management expertise. The Data Architect will support the overall goals / objectives of the N2W IT Program, specifically, assist in developing the overall design of the N2W’s data and technology centers supporting the delivery of the N2W Active IT architecture components. The Data Architect will support the overall design and development requirements of the N2W’s data and technology center capability, and conducting and refining network assessments and operations to the N2W facilities. The Data Architect will perform studies to support the N2W Program Office. The Data Architect will act as a technical point of contact for many of the N2W studies, work with other teams to complete studies / research and develop requirements in support of new technology center N2W capabilities. As a member of the N2W team the Data Architect will be responsible for assessing future IT capabilities such as secure wireless, zero-client, multi-level security, IoT, an cloud solutions, to include business processes and cases for the NGA organization. The Data Architect will work side-by-side with contractor and government personnel to ensure issues are addressed. The environment is a multi-contractor program; therefore, candidates should be comfortable working with a diverse set of contractors and all grades of customer personnel.

Duties:

Support data center engineering aspects of the N2W Project including, identify, manage, and resolve specific technical requirement issues, perform analysis of alternatives (AoA) and develop roadmaps and engineering assessments. Assist the government in developing policies and procedures to build, maintain and leverage the data model to support the delivery of the GEA, As-Is, and To-Be architectures. Assist in the coordination of technology center plans and requirements with NGA transport and data center leads, to include relevant IC/DoD partners (such as ODNI, DISA and DTRA). Plan and execute technology center operations, assessments, and surveys using COTS, GOTS, and customer developed survey tools. Provide engineering support to include assessing data center technology and other network related engineering. Assist in the development of mitigation strategies and exception packages. Work with subject matter experts in NGA and the industry to ensure best practices are being considered / used. Provide lifecycle project management analysis; conduct studies; participate in major reviews; perform hardware, software, and technology evaluations; identify solutions; provide recommendations; plan activities. Brief status and analysis results.

Qualifications

Required:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science / Math / Science / Engineering or IT related degree.
7 years of demonstrated experience in system integration to support a large and complex IT Enterprise, hosted in a data center environment.
3 years of demonstrated experience and understanding of power requirements, management of compute and storage resources, and engineering principles necessary to establish a technology center or data center.
2 years of demonstrated experience with IT cross-domain or multi-access solutions.

Desired:

S. Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, or IT related degree.
2 years of demonstrated experience with requirements development, implementation, or integration with control systems, Platform IT (PIT) systems and Electronic Surveillance Systems (ESS).
2 years of demonstrated experience with implementing emerging cloud or hybrid-cloud environments and technologies.

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).",3.3,"Perspecta
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
107,"Solution Architect, Boiler & Cooling, Global","$86k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","WE'RE LOOKING FOR
Solution Architect, Boiler & Cooling, Global
Employment type
Regular / Permanent
Location
4636 Somerton Road
Trevose, PENNSYLVANIA, 19053-6742
United States
Reference Number
req20459
Who we are?
With 90,000 people on five continents, SUEZ is a world leader in smart and sustainable resource management. We provide water and waste management solutions that enable cities and industries optimize their resource management and strengthen their environmental and economic performances.
SUEZ Water Technologies & Solutions looks for innovation everywhere. For more than 100 years, SUEZ has been at the forefront of innovation, from the SUEZ Canal to addressing water scarcity. Finding solutions to the world's biggest problems has never been more important than right now. Join us today and become an essential part of the Resource Revolution!
Who are we looking for?

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE/QUALIFICATIONS

• B.S. in an engineering/science discipline or related technical experience

• Minimum 15 years of relevant sales, product management or marketing experience

• Minimum 5 years of water treatment experience

• Demonstrated ability to create a vision, a strategy around this vision and drive a plan to execute

• Strong process and project management skills with ability to drive projects and meet deadlines

• Proven success in developing and leveraging cross-functional and cross-business relationships

• Strong analytical and computer skills.

• Excellent communication skills, both oral and written

• Based in any Major SUEZ Water Technologies and Solutions offices.

• Current and valid driver license and passport

Desired:

• Experience directly managing a product line

• Experience working with diverse, global teams

• Commercial experience in a product/services chemical business

• MBA

• Global customer and competition experience around chemical treatment products

• Multi-lingual skills

What will you be doing?

COMPANY BACKGROUND

With 10,000 people, on five continents, and approx. €3B in revenue annually SUEZ Water Technologies and Solutions (WTS) is a world leader in smart sustainable resource management. As a strategic business partner, WTS offers the most comprehensive set of chemical and equipment solutions and services available, helping our customers manage and optimize their water resources and process challenges across industries and municipalities.

It is our goal to enable our customers to meet increasing water demands and population needs, overcome scarcity challenges, enhance their environmental stewardship and comply with regulatory requirements.

SUEZ WTS provides the advanced technologies that enable customers to leverage big data across the industrial internet to drive efficiency and promote collaboration. We partner with our customers to help them reduce costs and prepare for the evolving demands of their industry.

For more than 100 years, SUEZ has been at the forefront of innovation, from the SUEZ Canal to addressing water scarcity. Finding solutions to the world's biggest problems has never been more important than right now.

ROLE: Solution Architect – Boiler and Cooling Water Products

The boiler and cooling water solution architect is directly responsible for the overall financial growth and profitability of the boiler and cooling water product lines. The solution architect is responsible for the development of the product roadmap to accelerate growth. Product development will include short and long-range growth and competitive strategies for the product line on a global basis. The solution architect will be responsible for leading a cross functional team of engineers, commercial and sourcing operations personnel to help in the execution of product development and project cost out.

• Oversee the total product life cycle for the boiler and cooling product lines utilizing a multi-generational product plan, interacting with technology, supply chain, sourcing, commercial, regional engineering and product applications to drive product platform penetration and market expansion.

• Establish and deliver short and long-term growth and profitability targets for the boiler and cooling chemical and service products and develop execution plans to drive direct material productivity (DMP) improvement and cost out.

• Lead and manage the product applications team to develop and execute launch plans to bring new product introductions to the market.

• Develop the product applications team to manage project development and DMP cost out using the best design principles.

• The successful solution architect needs the courage to make tough decisions on product development, cost out and rationalization

• Work closely with supply chain and technology to eliminate low use or high cost products, consolidate product line offering, eliminate marginal use raw materials and substitute lower cost raw materials. The product manager should be able to leverage sourcing, technology and product applications to deliver the DMP targets.

• Directly own the portfolio and pipeline of NPIs and champion the NPI process and initiatives to get product and ideas quickly into the market place. The product manager should own, direct, and review NPI processes with technology and other stakeholders.

• Work closely with commercial and product operations team to develop pricing/costing tools, cost to treat standards and execution of product line pricing policy.

• Stay closely connected with technology, commercial, and product applications to maintain a deep knowledge of current developments in the product line. In addition, the product manager should identify opportunities for new market growth and penetration leveraging the synergies that exist between the SUEZ WTS Engineered Systems (ES) business.

• The solution architect should evolve the product line related to the strategic markets as outlined in the business strategic plan titled MTP and coordinate closely with the WTS ES business.

• Develop concepts for new products by analyzing internal and external customer feedback, market research, emerging technology, and competitive trends.

• Track material cost, revenue, and fulfillment and standard margin rates by product, product family, market segment and by pole working closely with product operations.

• Provide support and direction for the creation of sales tools, launch materials and collaterals, working together with the marketing communications team.

• Work closely to align remote monitoring and diagnostics into the product portfolio to add value to the customer and increase profitability for the respective boiler and cooling product lines.

Compensation: Annual 0.00 - 0.00 USD
Is relocation for this position offered: Yes
Number of Job Openings: 1
Company Grade/Band: Senior Professional
SUEZ’s Water Technologies and Solutions (SWTS) offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation.
WTS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Suez WTS is NOT accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee of Suez WTS in any fashion without a valid written search agreement in place will be deemed the sole property of Suez WTS. No fee will be paid if a candidate is hired by Suez WTS based upon an unsolicited referral.
Orga:",3.7,"SUEZ
3.7","Trevose, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1997,Company - Private,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$10+ billion (USD),-1
108,Solution Architect,"$90k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This position (part of our Professional Services team) is responsible for playing the technical lead role in the successful installation, integration and deployment of SailPoint IdentityIQ in client environments and assisting our implementation partners in that process.

Responsibilities:

Installation, integration and deployment of the IdentityIQ product in client environments.
Communicating to clients and partners aspects of both the product and the implementation at the technical and/or functional level appropriate for the situation.
Post-sales requirements gathering, analysis and documentation.
Working with clients post implementation for user testing, debugging, support and maintenance.
Managing project scope, schedule, status and documentation.
Developing and delivering technical training designed to enable/educate SailPoint implementation partners.

Requirements:

5-7+ years of professional work experience as part of an enterprise software company or systems integrator. This should include 3+ years of enterprise software implementation experience.
Experience with the following programming languages: Java, BeanShell/JavaScript, JSP/Servlets, SQL.
Experience with the following web technologies: XML, SPML/SOAP, Web and Application Servers, HTML.
Experience setting up and installing software on both Windows and Unix (Linux, Sun, HP, AIX) platforms.
Experience with Databases (Oracle, Sybase, MSSQL, MySQL).
Experience with Directories (LDAP, AD).
Experience with enterprise systems (SAP, PeopleSoft) a plus.
Familiarity with identity management provisioning systems (Sun, Oracle, IBM, Novell) a plus.
Familiarity with RBAC a plus.
Excellent communication skills and extensive experience working with clients and partners.
Experience with Project Management duties (project planning, resource management, scope, schedule and status, documentation).
Experience with QA duties is a plus (usability testing, performance testing, automated testing, test scripts, test cases and test plans).
Security software or internal IT audit experience a plus.
Experience in a startup company is a plus.

Education:

Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience. J2EE certification is a plus. CISSP certification is a plus.

Travel:

This position requires approximately 35% travel.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.",4.6,"SailPoint
4.6","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2005,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
109,Data Architect,"$78k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Architect
Work Location: Tuscaloosa, AL
Job Code: 2253
Description
Position Description
Will support the National Weather Service (NWS) National Water Center (NWC) as part of a team that designs, develops, and maintains flood forecasting and decision-making systems and software for the NWS Office of Water Prediction. Will work closely with government personnel, hydrologic and hydraulic scientists, software developers, and other partners to make design and implementation decisions in support of development and operations functions. Specific job duties include but are not limited to:

Data Management Duties:
Design and implement relational database, file-based, and object-store data storage solutions.
Analyze and assess existing data management practices to enhance database capacity and performance.
Develop modern data storage solutions that increase scalability and performance and minimize downtime.
Customize databases and data access software to meet high-performance data storage and data management requirements.
Configure and deploy databases to support application software while keeping databases compliant with defined standards.
Design and integrate data storage solutions compatible with intuitive, efficient data services providing modern data access.
Conduct and oversee data discovery, data cataloging, and data mapping processes.
Develop, review, and integrate project and enterprise Data Management Plans (DMP).
Automate data ingest, decoding, and conversion functions, coupled with data and system monitoring tools.
Adapt and optimize data management practices to high-throughput ""big data"" environments.

Data Management Practices:
Write and maintain system documentation according to established standards to facilitate ongoing support and maintenance.
Support active software implementation, O&M activities, technical writing, and coordination meetings.
Apply software development life cycle (SDLC) best practices to all aspects of enterprise data management practices.
Coordinate solutions to adhere to project-specific software development guidelines and practices.
Assure software and data development projects are complete, accurate, and sustainable.
Implement databases and systems, able to integrate and store data being converted.

Required Skills
5 - 10 years of experience related to the position. Must have knowledge of the following software/programming languages/tools: Java, C/C++, XML, Shell Script, Python, SQL, Postgres, Docker Container. Version control tools (e.g., svn, git, etc.). Experience with RedHat Linux operating system, Virtual machine. Solid hands-on experience with RDBMS modeling/admin and development. Knowledge of hardware required for effective database operations.

Desired
Education and/or experience working in Physical Science field.
Experience with geospatial databases and earth science data structures and formats (e.g. netCDF, GRIB).
Knowledge of ObjectStore technology and Ceph platform.

Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident and be able to pass a background investigation to obtain a security badge to enter the applicable government facility.

Education
BS in Computer Science, related discipline, or equivalent. Master's preferred.",4.0,"ERT, Inc.
4.0","Tuscaloosa, AL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
110,Sr. Analyst - Big Data Engineer,"$61k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","British American Tobacco
Job Number: 26901

Reynolds American Incorporated is positively transforming the tobacco industry. We’re a family of companies that strives for success in everything we do. The future inspires us because our people are igniting the breakthroughs that are redefining the ways adult tobacco consumers enjoy tobacco in the 21st century.

When other companies talk about growth, they only talk about size. At Reynolds American, we focus on the growth of our people. We take pride in each other’s growth and well-being throughout our careers. We invest in your career and total well-being because we know our companies succeed when our people thrive.

ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION:

Reynolds American Inc. is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., and the U.S. parent company of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc.; American Snuff Company, LLC; Niconovum USA, Inc.; Niconovum AB; R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company; Lorillard Licensing Company, LLC; and Reynolds Brands, Inc.. This position is with RAI Services Company (2200).

Here, you’ll have the opportunity to work on iconic brands and revolutionary products by collaborating with visionary, principled and passionate people every day.

The Big Data/Data Science Engineer role is a highly visible position that is an integral part of the Information & Digital Technology (IDT) team with tremendous career growth opportunities. This position provides an opportunity for technology leadership and support to cross-functional client areas and the IDT leadership team.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Serves as a productive project team member delivering high quality results for assigned tasks. Assists the project manager with project planning by assisting with the development of work plans, effort estimates and delivery timelines for assigned tasks
Builds expertise in Project Management discipline by leading and delivering projects (on time, within scope and within budget).
Assists in the identification, development, testing and implementation of new technologies, processes and services to provide the most efficient solutions to accomplish goals.
Effectively engages with contracted vendor services providing input to help monitor and improve the vendor’s performance.
Maintains awareness of emerging technology and communicates value/impact for supported functions.
Analyzes business and client needs to ensure that their big data platform related needs are supported, forecasted, incorporated into technology roadmaps and ultimately implemented in a platform as a service model.
Builds data pipelines to data lakes for new data sources and also data extractions to Data Science solutions and Reporting tools.
Creates POC data science/reporting solutions and explains the solutions to the stake holders.
Operationalize the Models in production and monitors the model drift and data drift.
Analyzes business and client needs to ensure that their unstructured data related needs are supported, forecasted, incorporated into technology roadmaps and ultimately implemented in a platform as a service model.
Lead coding and architecting of end-to-end AI applications on modern data processing technology stack (familiar with Chatbots, Image recognition, NLP, Voice technologies)
Drive collaborative reviews of design, code, data, features implementation performed by other data engineers in support of maintaining data engineering standards
Tests, integrates and maintains technology services, considering cross-functional business needs and Company goals.
Coordinates issue resolution with cross functional teams and vendors.
Builds IT Department services acumen to effectively leverage existing IT services to meet client needs.
Gains understanding of and supports the business processes of the assigned functions.
Interfaces comfortably with internal clients, co-workers and vendors building credibility and championing change.
Provides knowledge transfer and feedback to assist team and co-workers.
Job Requirements:

Education:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Information Systems or related area required, or related business experience
Experience:
Strong knowledge of AI/ML with at least 2-4 years of experience in Python/R programming knowledge required
Required Skills:
Must be a strategic thinker with strong influencing skills.
Demonstrated effective oral and written communication skills including both the ability to address detailed technical communications as well as the ability to distill complete technical status to executive level
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Strong analytical skills with an ability to recommend changes.
Must possess a high sense of urgency and work ethic.
Must be a self-starter who can work with minimal supervision, with the expectation of working as a motivated and cooperative team member.
Must be detail oriented, reliable, financially responsible, and have a proven track record of accomplishments.
Demonstrated ability to challenge the status quo.
Demonstrated experience with cloud infrastructure (AWS Big Data toolsets, CloudFormation, etc.)
Expertise and experience with software development and related techniques and methodologies such Agile
Experience with development of analytics and data science-based solutions using open source tools and libraries is required (Preferably implementing RGM, Marketing Mix, Consumer Segmentation)
Experience in managing production data science models and familiar with model and data drifts.
Experience with development of AI solutions and data science-based solutions using open source tools and libraries is required.
Creating Guard rails for Vendors on AI solutions on NLP, Chatbots, Image recognition & Voice.
Productionalize the full pipeline including distributed Machine Learning models (e.g., training/test pipeline, offer eligibility, data layer, feature layer, etc.)
Proficient in PySpark, Python, SQL, Java/Scala, No SQL
Preferred Skills
Knowledge of AWS Cloud technologies is preferred
Knowledge of Big Data Technologies (EMR, Hadoop, Hive, etc.)
Knowledge of SQL/NoSQL
Strong development experience with Python, Java, Scala, and related Linux-based scripting tools
Compensation/Targeted Bonus
Competitive Annual Salary
Targeted Annual Bonus
Relocation assistance available for those who qualify.
Benefit Summary

Our company offers very competitive benefit plans, including:
401(k) plan that offers opportunity to save on pre- and post-tax basis up to 50 percent of eligible compensation. Company matches 100 percent of employee pre-tax/Roth (401k) contributions up to six percent
Comprehensive health- and welfare-benefits package
Eleven paid company holidays annually, plus a generous paid vacation plan based on length of service
Company-paid sick and personal days, funeral leave and jury duty leave
Confidential personal financial counseling service
On-site health clinics and fitness centers
A matching grants program that enables employees to direct and double their donations to qualifying charitable organizations of their choice
Health-care advocacy service
Volunteer service opportunities
Federal credit union membership through Allegacy Federal Credit Union
Extensive training opportunities
Reynolds American Inc. and its affiliated companies is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Our organization offers a level of challenge, responsibility and creativity for motivated employees that stands apart from the crowd.

We are also committed to employing a diverse workforce and valuing different perspectives, experiences and talents to maximize the company's potential for successfully achieving its business objectives.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact us directly via email at TalentAcquisition@RJRT.com.

California Privacy Notice

Nearest Major Market: Salem
Nearest Secondary Market: Winston
Job Segment:
Database, Engineer, Data Analyst, Information Systems, Computer Science, Technology, Engineering, Data",3.4,"Reynolds American
3.4","Winston-Salem, NC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1875,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
111,Azure Data Architect Manager - Remote,"$129k-$207k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number: 77855

Practice Manager, Data & AI - Remote

The Digital Innovation team at Insight is seeking a passionate Consulting Practice Manager to join our team. As a Data & AI Practice Manager in Insight’s Digital Innovation division for the South-Central Services for Insight, you will lead a world-class team of full-time architects and engineers and have the ability to drive and manage complex data solutions for our customers.

We combine innovative thinking with breakthrough-technologies to deliver solutions for our clients of all sizes from startups to fortune 100 companies. We’re leveraging the cloud, AI, and IoT devices on projects that range from real-time aerial inspections to improve safety to projects that monitor lice infestations in salmon populations to keep food supplies safe. What is consistent across our clients is that they are interested in transforming their business through modern data warehousing, advanced analytics, and big data. They have engaged Insight’s Digital Innovation team to deliver on that vision. If you’re a strong leader who believes in the power of ingenuity to build a positive human future in a technology-driven world, then let us know!

What you’ll do
Multi-task. You will manage the consulting activities of the Architects and Engineers, while constantly helping to grow the market, drive sales and solutions to customers. This includes but is not limited to maintaining P&Ls, achieving utilization targets, establishing staff & project forecasting, and other operational functions as part of your day to day workload.
Be a Leader. You will oversee the day to day operations of the South Central region of our Digital Innovation team and will be a technical leader of large and complex services accounts. The decisions you and your team make will impact profitability, scope attainment, and/or client satisfaction. Our people are our critical asset and you will drive recruiting and hiring activities for the practice area.
Be Client Focused.You will hold internal and client-facing meetings, monthly updates, and quarterly meetings that report on performance, issues, and continuous improvement. To ensure client satisfaction you will work closely with the sales team to discuss business development, review current opportunities, and execute strategy.
What you’ll need:
15+ total years industry experience
10+ years of experience as a data engineer with hands-on programming experience
3+ years of experience as an Architect
4+ years of professional hands-on experience with data solutions in Azure, AWS, and/or other cloud providers
Experience building and leading Professional Services organizations
What can Insight offer?
Cutting-edge projects and client-facing opportunities
Collaboration with highly regarded teammates
Training and career advancement opportunities
Local, full-time team with limited to no travel
Flexible vacation and hours
Comprehensive benefits package
…and tons of other great perks!

About Insight

At Insight Enterprises, Inc. we empower organizations to run smarter by defining, architecting, implementing, and managing Intelligent Technology Solutions ™. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our teammates help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter.
Global provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations of all sizes
Microsoft Global Partner of the Year for AI, IoT, Open Source Solutions, Mobile Apps, & Modern Desktop; Microsoft US Partner of the Year for DevOps
Fortune Top 100 Best Companies for Diversity
Fortune Top 50 Best Workplaces in Technology
Winner of several “Best Places to Work” awards
30+ years in business, 11,000+ teammates worldwide, and $7.7 billion in revenue in 2019
Insight in the News!
Insight Earns 2020 Microsoft U.S. Partner of the Year Award
Insight Named Microsoft Worldwide Customer Experience Partner of the Year
Insight Recognized at #14 on CRN’s 2019 Solution Provider 500 List
Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law.

The position (or opportunity) described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight.

For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, read below link:
http://www.insight.com/en_US/help/physical-demands-and-work-environment.html

The position described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight. For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, click here.

Today, every business is a technology business. Insight Enterprises, Inc. empowers organizations of all sizes with Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ and services to maximize the business value of IT. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our 11,000 teammates help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter. Discover more at insight.com.
Founded in 1988 in Tempe, Arizona
Remote position with 20% travel in region mostly Texas
11,000+ teammates in 21 countries providing Insight Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations across the globe
$9.2 billion in revenue in 2018*
Ranked #430 on the 2019 Fortune 500, #14 on the 2019 CRN Solution Provider 500
2019 Adobe Americas Partner of the Year, 2019 Cisco Global-Americas Partner of the Year, 2019 Intel IoT Solutions Partner of the Year, Microsoft U.S. Azure Partner Choice Award for Data/AI, Microsoft Azure Expert Managed Services Provider
Ranked #23 on the 2019 Fortune 50 Best Workplaces in Technology, #70 on the 2019 Fortune 100 Best Workplaces for Diversity, and #7 on the Phoenix Business Journal 2019 list of Best Places to Work (Extra Large Business)
Signatory of the United Nations (UN) Global Compact and Affiliate Member of the Responsible Business Alliance
* Proforma to include PCM, Inc. for fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2018

Today's talent leads tomorrow's success. Learn about careers at Insight: jobs.insight.com.

Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law.

Posting Notes: Houston || Texas (US-TX) || United States (US) || HR || None || US - Houston, TX ||

http://oli.vi/BmtAg

#LI-AR1
#IND123
#GLDR2",4.0,"Insight Enterprises, Inc.
4.0","Houston, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1988,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
112,Data Lab Architect,"$116k-$207k
(Glassdoor Est.)","· BS level technical degree required; Computer Science or Mathematics background preferred.
· 10+ years of Machine Learning and/or Analytics Systems development and deployment experience, IT systems and engineering experience, security and compliance experience, etc.
· Experience of software development and/or IT and implementation/consulting experience.
· Experience implementation and tuning in the Big Data Ecosystem, (such as EMR, Hadoop, Spark, R, Presto, Hive), ML Platforms (SageMaker, Kubeflow, Azure Machine Learning, SAS, Domino), and MLOps (model development, orchestration and deployment, monitoring, optimization).
· Track record of implementing AWS services in a variety of business environments such as large enterprises and start-ups.

Do you love building software and thinking big about how data and AI can change the world? Are you a data and analytics specialist? Do you have deep expertise in developing platforms optimized for analytics and machine learning solutions at scale? Would you like a career that gives you opportunities to help customers and partners use cloud computing services to build new ML solutions, faster, and at lower cost?

At AWS, we’re hiring highly technical ML platform solution architects and engineers to collaborate with our customers on building solutions in database, data management, and analytics/machine learning. AWS Data Labs are a Seattle, AWS headquarters based facility where customers come to build data and analytics platforms. You will focus on real time and batch-based data processing, business intelligence, analytics, and machine learning platforms. These solutions are built alongside the customer and quickly put into production use in a matter of weeks. You'll work closely with AWS Field Teams including Solution Architects, Technical Account Managers, and AWS Service Developers to partner with customers to solve hard problems with data. Every day, you'll be working with AWS Services and Data Labs Customers to determine the optimal implementation, build it, prove it works, extract documents and CloudFormation templates to speed project delivery. If you are builder, and love data, then this could be your ideal job!

· Knowledge of foundation infrastructure requirements such as Networking, Storage, and Hardware Optimization.
· Ability to understand complex business requirements and render them as prototype systems with quick turnaround time.
· Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations and virtual teams.
· Hands on experience leading large-scale big data and analytics projects.
· Demonstrated industry leadership in the fields of Big Data processing, Data Sciences and Machine Learning.
· Deep understanding of data, application, server, and network security
· Experience with Statistics, Machine Learning and Predictive Modeling.
· Hands on experience as a database, data warehouse, big data/analytics developer or administrator, or work as a data scientist.
· Hands on experience architecting, deploying and maintaining production machine learning systems.
· Experience working within the software development or Internet industries is highly desired.
· Technical degrees in computer science, software engineering, or mathematics
· Working knowledge of modern software development practices and technologies such as agile methodologies and DevOps/MLOps.
· AWS Certification, eg. AWS Solutions Architect, Big Data, Developer, Machine Learning, DevOps, SysOps",3.9,"Amazon.com Services LLC
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
113,Future Opportunity: Sr. Cloud Security Architect,"$106k-$174k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Security Architect is responsible for leading the development of information security architecture and ensuring technology initiatives are implemented within the framework to make our client’s cloud environments more secure. The Security Architect will be accountable for securing enterprise information by identifying network and application security requirements, planning, implementing and testing security controls and procedures. This role is customer-facing and plays an active role in transforming our client’s Security through designing and implementing Security technologies on-premise and in the cloud.

Day-to-day, you will:
Work closely with enterprise architects to identify and mitigate risks, perform security reviews, design top tier security practices, and deliver strategic, innovative cloud-based security offerings
Propose, design, plan and execute strategic and tactical operational security objectives
Perform deep analysis and develop metrics that measure current risk and effectively evaluate and manage threats
Identify appropriate technology/data sources and drive the collection of data necessary to effectively evaluate threats
Communicate threat intelligence and vulnerability management options
Analyze threats and current security controls to identify gaps in current defensive posture
Meet with clients and lead workshops
Our ideal candidate will have a solid foundation across the Microsoft technology stack and Azure security offerings with the ability to communicate security and risk-related concepts to key partners. We are looking for the following experience:
Enterprise Mobility and Security Suite (EM+S), Advanced Threat Protection (ATP), Azure Information Protection (AIP) and Intune
Azure Key Vault, Azure Security Center, Azure Operations Management Service, Log Analytics
Identity and Access Management principals, including B2B and B2C cloud design and implementation
Architecture and security management
Solid understanding of security best practices
Securing network and enterprise cloud applications
Privileged access management technologies
Security frameworks, such as ISO/IEC 27001, NIST 800-53 or OWASP
Building a security framework, SIRRP process and/or forensic handling methods
Knowledge of host hardening, auditing, logging and monitoring, network security, SEIM deployments, security analytics, anomaly detections, PKI
Market understanding of industry trends for cybersecurity, risk & threat intelligence, and governance
Proven implementation of cloud security models, particularly identity, network, and encryption
Demonstrated understanding of Microsoft security technologies and strategy
Program management skills and solution support for security transformation/implementation programs
Business case development skills for justifying, prioritizing & forecasting the funding requirements for security programs and initiatives
Your preferred certifications may include: CISSP, CISM, Microsoft Mobility MCP Exam 98-368, or other meaningful certifications!

Willingness to travel up to 80%, or as needed, to support client engagements

To supplement the technical knowledge and project delivery experience, the successful candidate will come from a Consulting background with good customer facing skills, the ability to gather customer requirements and produce high quality written deliverables. As a consultant, you must be willing to travel to our client locations as needed.

You will likely have a Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, computer engineering, management information systems, information technology, or a similar field. An equivalent combination of education and experience may substitute for a degree.

Important Note about this Future Opportunity:

We are actively recruiting and interviewing for this ‘Future Opportunity’ position, however will not be extending offers at the present time.

The outbreak and spread of COVID-19 has created uncertainty for many, and during this period Avanade is focused on the personal safety and well-being of our employees and candidates. The good news is that Avanade is a 38,000-person organization that depends on new ways of working every day and we’ve been relying on our workplace experience to empower our employees - wherever they’re working - for 20 years now. Thanks to our workplace platforms - the likes of Office 365, Microsoft Teams, SharePoint and more - we’ve been able to continue delivering work seamlessly and connecting with talent to explore opportunities for tomorrow.

What does that mean for you? It means you can apply and interview virtually, via video, for a future career opportunity without pressure to make a decision. It means that you will have the chance to connect with leaders and hiring managers at your own pace.

We encourage you to speak candidly with your recruiter about your career aspirations and expectations throughout this recruiting process. In return, we are committed to being transparent with you about our intent and goals around this position.",3.9,"Avanade
3.9","Boston, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,2000,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
114,Chief Architect,-1,"SUMMARY

The Friedkin Group's (TFG) Chief Architect (CA) is responsible for establishing and leading an enterprise wide architecture program across a federation of companies within TFG, helping business leaders enable their future-state business capabilities that, in turn, drive the organization's targeted business outcomes through the choice of programs, projects and initiatives the organization chooses to invest in.

The CA must design a program that is effective across companies that operate somewhat autonomously while being connected by a common core. Must be capable of practically applying existing, new and emerging technologies to new and evolving business and operating models. Deliver signature-ready, actionable recommendations to business leaders, so they can adjust policies and projects to achieve target business outcomes.

The CA is accountable for leading, managing and balancing a bimodal architecture program - tactical, to run, grow and transform the business, and strategic, which designs and enables future-state business capabilities with a focus on technology disruption, speed, agility, and flexibility.

The CA is a practical role and not a TOGAF/Zachman or other theory based role. The CA must be solution-oriented and business minded with significant practical experience in building, delivering & support IT systems in the evolution to being an architect. The ideal candidate will be very strong in either infrastructure or applications, while having sufficient experience in the other.

The ideal candidate is a thought leader, a builder of consensus and of bridges between business and technology while maintaining objectivity and a strong understanding that architecture is foundational for the organization to deliver on its business goals and objectives.

RESPONSIBILITIES

The CA will demonstrate competencies across six key dimensions.

LEAD AND INFLUENCE

Lead the creation and evolution of the enterprise-wide architecture program
Lead the development of an implementation plan for the enterprise architecture based on business strategy and requirements

FOCUS ON STRATEGY AND EXECUTION

Demonstrate the business value of architecture as an enabler of strategy formulation, and as support for technology innovation, which drives the organization's top and bottom lines.
Formulate, translate, advocate, support and execute business strategy to achieve the organization's targeted business outcomes.

RESEARCH AND UNDERSTAND TECHNOLOGY AND NONTECHNOLOGY TRENDS

Scan the world for major disruptive technology and nontechnology trends (trendspotting) that affect business. Provide practical advice and best practices to overcome these challenges and successfully deliver the expected business outcomes.
Lead the analysis of business and operating models, market trends and the technology industry to determine their potential impact on the enterprise's business strategy, direction and architecture.
Define architecture blue books and technology roadmaps.

ENABLE ENTERPRISE IDEATION AND INNOVATION

Track and apply innovative and existing technologies, anchoring them in the business model to assess their potential, and use rapid prototyping approaches to evolve innovations.
Run technology experiments, helping to create new products and services and integrating the best of theses into steady-state operations for the organization.

DETERMINE AND HELP ORCHESTRATE THE DELIVERY OF BUSINESS OUTCOMES

Guide and advise stakeholders about disruptive technologies and trends.
Ensure technology roadmaps across applications, infrastructure, middleware and other aspects of technology are evolving in sync with each other.
Work with business peers to develop and present business capability models and roadmaps to facilitate discussion and decision making with stakeholders across the enterprise.
Lead analysis of the business' future-state capabilities and future (and current) IT environment to detect critical deficiencies and recommend solutions for improvement and driving the business forward.
Lead analysis of the IT environment to detect critical deficiencies and recommend solutions for improvement.
Present a gap analysis and/or IT investment roadmap that reflects the status of the existing IT estate, namely, its ability to contribute to future-state business capabilities around ecosystems and digital platforms.
Lead the development of an implementation plan for the enterprise architecture based on business requirements and IT strategies.
Lead and facilitate the creation of governance, assurance and standards to guide EA decision making.
Oversee the evaluation and selection of architecture standards, as necessary.
Consult with infrastructure, project and product teams to ensure consistency with the enterprise architecture, as well as to identify when it is necessary to modify the enterprise architecture.

COMPETENCIES

Organizationally savvy, and understanding of the political climate of the enterprise and how to navigate obstacles and politics
Ability to balance the long-term (""big picture"") and short-term implications of individual decisions
Ability to translate business needs into EA requirements
Ability to estimate the financial impact of EA alternatives
Ability to apply multiple solutions to business problems
Ability to rapidly comprehend the functions and capabilities of new technologies
Ready to think, behave and act in an innovative consulting manner to drive the organization's digital business strategies
Understand and speak the language of the business
Influential in the organization and a team player
Effective at driving short-term actions that are consistent with long-term goals

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

Directly supervises one or more employees. Carries out responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees, planning, assigning, and directing work, appraising performance, rewarding and disciplining employees, addressing complaints and resolving problems.

QUALIFICATIONS

Master's or Bachelor's degree in business, computer science, computer engineering, or a related field of study, or equivalent experience
Seven or more years of experience in at least three disciplines, such as business, information, solution or technical architecture, application development, middleware, infrastructure, in a multi-tier environment
Five or more years of business experience in strategic and operations planning and/or business analysis
Experienced with information management practices, system development life cycle management, IT services management, infrastructure and operations, and EA and ITIL frameworks
Knowledge of business ecosystems, SaaS, infrastructure as a service (IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), SOA, APIs, open data, microservices, event-driven IT and predictive analytics
Exposure and understanding of existing, new and emerging technologies, and processing environments
Exceptional soft and interpersonal skills, including teamwork, facilitation and negotiation
Strong leadership skills
Excellent analytical and technical skills
Excellent written, verbal, communication and presentation skills
Excellent planning and organizational skills
Knowledge of all components of holistic enterprise architecture
Knowledge of business engineering principles and processes
Familiarity with basic graphical modeling approaches, tools and model repositories

TRAVEL REQUIRED*

Minimal travel is required for this position (up to 20% of the time and on a domestic basis).
Is legally able to work in the United States.
The Friedkin Group and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain drug-free workplaces by conducting pre-employment drug testing.

#LI-EC1",3.7,"Friedkin Companies, Inc.
3.7","Houston, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1969,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
115,Disaster Recovery Engineer/Architect,-1,"About Highlight:

Know Way. Know How.

For over ten years, Highlight has provided Development and Modernization, Secure IT and Mission Solutions for our federal government customers. We know the technology; we understand the way our customers and their stakeholders work; and we know how to implement industry best practices for development and services, delivering end-to-end solutions that minimize risk and maximize results.

Overview:

You will join a team which is responsible for ensuring the Department of State's IT programs and system capabilities are in place to meet vital Diplomatic and National Security needs. You will help the State Department meet its mission to lead “America’s foreign policy through diplomacy, advocacy, and assistance by advancing the interests of the American people, their safety and economic prosperity.”

To do this, we need highly skilled professionals with a history of successfully supporting IT systems and platforms to meet missions of national importance. You will efficiently and effectively deliver support to ensure the welfare and protection of U.S. citizens abroad, for the issuance of passports and other documentation to citizens and nationals, and for the protection of U.S. border security and the facilitation of legitimate travel to the United States.

As an DR Network Engineer/Architect, you will be focused on the networks you will oversee and on reviewing the testing and implementation of planning to ensure that the integrity and security of all electronic data and data systems are adequately protected. This work includes developing and maintain the requirements and operations to support the DR program to include policies, standards, guidelines, training programs. You will assist in the development and implementation of the client’s networks to support disaster recovery operation at HQ and other offices.

Responsibilities:
Supports the preparation of an organization-wide business resumption plan.
Assists in the coordination and establishment of disaster recovery programs and business resumption planning across all enterprise platforms.
Coordinates and monitors simulation testing across all networks and platforms.
With a focus on networks, you will support the design and administration of the DR programs to include policies, standards, guidelines, training programs, as well as a viable quality assurance process for disaster recovery.
Qualifications:
Current Secret clearance required.
Bachelor's degree required.
5+ years of experience.
Must possess strong communication and organizational skills.
Ability to interface and coordinate work efficiently and effectively with multiple groups and organizations.
:

#nw",4.0,"Highlight Technologies, LLC
4.0",Virginia,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
116,Cloud Architect,"$78k-$138k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Cloud Architect

Beeline is the leading provider of Vendor Management System technologies globally, with many client organizations within the Fortune 1000 group of companies. With our creative and collaborative environment, we ensure high levels of customer service through our technology and services base to ensure fast and reliable solution management.

The Company: If you love more of a less-formal work environment, flexible paid time off, a competitive compensation and benefits offering - and have a winning attitude, Beeline is for you! Beeline provides software solutions that enable companies to source and manage their extended workforce. As the world’s largest independent provider of contingent workforce solutions, we have the deepest, most seasoned team of contingent workforce experts in the industry and known for the great care we take with clients and our employees alike.

To learn more, visit https://www.beeline.com/about-us/

The Position: We’re looking for a Cloud Architect in our Centennial, CO location!

Responsibilities:

Transform Beeline’s legacy development platforms into a cloud based (Azure), microservice architecture while supporting both systems
Be accountable for defining and driving software architecture and enterprise capabilities (scalability, reliability, extensibility, maintainability, etc.)
Partner with DevOps engineers to facilitate the deployment, operation and governing of cloud native services with a focus on continuous delivery and automated testing
Designs complex software systems for high-end cloud native solutions
Determines overall architectural principles, frameworks, and standards
Work in a consultative fashion with other organizations
Oversees software architecture within the scope of assigned systems
Drive research, case studies, and prototypes on leading edge technologies and how they can be leveraged

Requirements:

Bachelor's degree in related area or similar industry certification or experience
Strong knowledge of Azure service offerings and the appropriate situation to use each or equivalent in AWS or Google Cloud
Strong knowledge of microservice design patterns using domain driven design
Proven experience with one of our legacy tech stacks: C#, MS SQL or Java, Oracle
Experience using Microsoft Visio (or similar product) to describe architectural patterns and designs
Ability and willingness to grow alongside our organization by learning new technologies and languages
Provide leadership to engineers, QA and platform engineering
Communicate clearly and positively through written and spoken English
Proactive and empathetic approach to dealing with customers and coworkers
Work cross-team and communicate effectively with people from a variety of different backgrounds and different levels of technical ability

Desired Competencies:

Experience with our new tech stack: Azure platform services (PaaS) and data stores including Cosmos, Azure SQL, Azure App Service, Azure Functions, etc.
Microsoft Azure Solutions Architect Expert Certification
Knowledge of Azure governance techniques for securing, auditing and billing of services running in the cloud
Knowledge of Domain Driven Design in a cloud-based, microservice architecture
Ability and desire to drive change through high-energy, can-do attitude; comfortable working in a high-performance, entrepreneurial, open-door environment
Must be an outstanding communicator and team player who demonstrates attention to detail, and who also understands how to ensure finance initiatives that support the long-term strategy of the business
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to work autonomously
Attention to detail / detail oriented

This list of ""Requirements and Responsibilities"" are not intended to be limiting. The Company reserves the right to revise this job description based on the actual job requirements as varied from time to time.

At Beeline, we cultivate a positive work environment and are passionate about who we are and what we do. We are looking for talented, driven, and adaptable people who will contribute to our vision, mission and our future! Ideal candidates are intensely curious about globalization and technology, exhibit a can-do attitude, and approach their work with vigor and determination. Candidates should have demonstrated the ability to learn quickly and work effectively in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment, and be excellent at multi-tasking.

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled",4.7,"Beeline
4.7","Centennial, CO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
117,Solution Architect,"$88k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who we are:
AAMC (Association of American Medical Colleges) is a not-for-profit association dedicated to transforming health care through innovative medical education, cutting-edge patient care, and groundbreaking medical research. AAMC IT plays a critical role in supporting AAMC’s mission by delivering the technology supporting all of AAMC’s mission critical services. IT is beginning a multi-year modernization of its large product portfolio into an API based digital platform while transitioning from on-premise to cloud services.

• Significant employer 403(b) contribution
• Public transportation subsidy
• Generous paid time off program
• Tuition reimbursement
• Wellness program that includes: discounted gym membership, onsite yoga and sponsored sports teams

Why us, Why now?

As the Solution Architect at AAMC you will lead multiple consulting projects or a single large/complex project and ensure the success of enterprise-level application rollouts by facilitating the creation, reviewing, sharing, and enhancing of Solution implementations. In this role you will provide architecture oversight on application design and embeds into development teams to jump start complex projects by continually working with Product Owners and Platform managers to articulate proposed solutions, influence technical roadmap of enterprise platforms, and help business prioritize work.

Success in this role requires a technical and innovative mindset, a proven track record in creating solutions in fast paced transformation projects that include custom, transactional, web applications with Cloud-native and API-based architectures. This role reports to the Director of Enterprise Architecture and works closely with Product teams, Data Services, Platform Engineering, Technology Operations and Program Management.

Collaborate with IT and Business partners to support the vision and business case of strategic initiatives by creating target state application architectures.
Manage tactical and strategic Architecture roadmaps to solution necessary capabilities and proactively engage in the execution of the capabilities through collaboration with IT and Business stakeholders to meet business imperatives.
Work with the various IT teams to ensure engagement and Architecture oversight as well as strategic alignment to the target Solution architectures.
Work with Technology Operations to model infrastructure growth and jointly create plans for meeting that growth.
Manage the Tech Evaluation process and ensure its alignment to AAMC IT and Business vision and strategy.
Work with Product Owners and Platform managers to articulate proposed solutions, influence technical roadmap of enterprise platforms, and help business prioritize work.
Determine and develop architectural approaches and solutions, conduct business reviews, document current systems, and develop recommendations of how to proceed with the applications.
Responsible for the all layers of the Solution architecture by collaborating with horizontal teams of Infrastructure, Security, Operations, Data .
Lead the planning, design, and engineering of Solution infrastructure and platforms in the Cloud by using patterns related to Platform as a Service (PaaS); Software as a Service (SaaS); and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) . Proactively identify impediments and appropriately resolves using network of peers and formal channels.
Utilize specialized depth and breadth of expertise in discipline or function and is the individual contributor who is recognized as a subject matter expert on Cloud, Java/J2EE technologies, Micro Services, REST, Web Architectures, and the use of DevSecOps.
Establish a collaborative working environment, positive relationship and trust among Business Partners, IT Teams, and Strategic Implementation Partners by providing on-time high quality architecture deliverables that adhere to enterprise architecture standards and architecture principles.
Hold teams accountable and being accountable for the architecture process and deliverables. Provides architecture oversight on application design .
Monitor compliance of development work against established standards and principles and work to resolve issues through appropriate formal and informal channels .
Review and analyze existing systems and make recommendations for improvements . Drive patterns for architecting flexible inter-operable systems that are sustainable and scalable.
Continually learn new tools & technologies and bring such tools & technologies into AAMC architecture that align/support business needs.
Build/Create Proof of Concepts to demonstrate technology viability for business needs.
Identify and recommend process improvements for business and technology.
Participate in industry/knowledge reference group(s). Coach, mentor and/or train less senior colleagues and serve as trusted resource for management.

What you’ll bring to the role:

B.S. in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field with an or equivalent extensive relevant work experience required. Master’s degree highly desirable.
Minimum 8+ years of experience of architecting enterprise systems in a complex environment.
Minimum 8+ years of experience with Data centric solutions, BI & Analytics tools and technologies.
Minimum 8+ years of building highly resilient, high throughput secure systems in On-Prem and Public cloud platforms, preferably AWS.
Advanced knowledge of applying TOGAF methodology (or similar EA framework) to document solution architectures.
Advanced knowledge of UML and object-oriented design required.
Understanding of Service Oriented Architecture, containerization, APIs and Microservices.
Advanced knowledge of Java/J2EE frameworks, Spring, Web tools & technologies (Angular preferred).
Advanced knowledge of Agile Methodologies, Software Development, and Application Life Cycle Management
Understanding of DevSecOps and all elements of software development life cycle in On-Premise and Cloud Environments (AWS preferred).
Advanced knowledge of Cloud-based solution components and architectures (AWS preferred).
Strong knowledge of RDBMS, NoSQL databases, and BI & Analytics.
Advanced knowledge of integration technologies that include any of IBM MQ, ActiveMQ, Kafka, et.al.
Programming in Java. Go, Scala, Python knowledge a plus.
Positive, enthusiastic attitude with great teamwork and interpersonal, relationship building, facilitation and communication skills, reflecting the ability to interact with cross department groups.
Ability to work under pressure and solve problems using an analytical approach; decisive resolution of issues
Self-Learner with a strong understanding of business & technology challenges and related solutions.
Experience with Atlassian suite of products that includes Confluence, Jira.
AWS Certified Solutions Architect

If a bachelor’s degree is required, related work experience may be substituted in some positions. One year of college course work at an accredited institution is equivalent to one year of related work experience.

The Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC) is an Equal Opportunity/AffirmativeAction Employer. The AAMC is committed to the policy of an equal employment opportunity in recruitment, hiring, career advancement, and all other personnel practices. The AAMC will not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, matriculation, political affiliation, genetic information, disability, past or current military service, or any other legally protected characteristic.",3.7,"Association of American Medical Colleges
3.7","Washington, DC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1876,Nonprofit Organization,Membership Organizations,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
118,Data Engineer,"$67k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

NJVC, LLC

Company Job Title: Data Engineer

Clearance: Top Secret with ability to obtain SCI

Location: Springfield, VA

Reports To: Program Manager

FLSA Status: Exempt, Full Time, Regular

Summary:

The Data Engineer will work with product owners and data stewards to deliver high quality technical solutions in response to business requirements. You will be counted on to provide your peers with technical expertise that will offer solutions for difficult programming problems.

Duties and Responsibilities:

SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) including UI and custom code features.
Write or create stored procedures, SQL scripts, SSIS packages that can be used to:
Move data from source databases to target databases
Clean / Condition data
Convert or transform data
Reconcile and confirm converted data
Find data errors
Validate data to business rules
Ability to examine existing ETL scripts and track data back to source
SQL Server administration, tuning, and workbench.
Work with business experts to understand data and complete data mappings.
Focus on the development of extract, transform, and load (ETL) jobs currently using Microsoft SQL, Server, and SSIS.
The environment currently supports hundreds of related ETL jobs that move data between 30 different source systems and between multiple classifications.
Part of the challenge as a data engineer will be to find scalable and efficient coding solutions that plug into this extensible system in order to add more data to the Enterprise data store.
Other duties as assigned

Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.)

Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Equivalent years of experience in lieu of degree
4 years of relevant experience with the following software / tools:
Experience with Microsoft SQL
Prior experience supporting IC/DoD
The existing data warehouse is built on Microsoft SQL hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS), so experience developing solutions that scale well in these environments is a plus.
Active Top-Secret Clearance with ability to obtain SCI

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Ability to work independently and yet be effective within a team setting
Must be capable of managing multiple efforts with time related constraints in a fast-paced contracting environment
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with diverse internal and external stakeholder groups and individuals
Friendly presence, helpful attitude, good interpersonal skills, and ability to work well with others.
Excellent skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, and other Office applications
Proficient with Microsoft Office Applications, and experience working in a home office setting as well as the ability to train end users on frequently asked technical issues.
Ability to provide technical assistance and support over the phone; good phone skills, professional demeanor, previous customer service experience strongly desired.

Good problem-solving skills; ability to visualize a problem/situation and think abstractly to solve it

Physical Demands: (The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.)

While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.

Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.)

The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment.
During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.

Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Native preference under PL 93-638.

We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.

Primary Location: United States-Virginia-Springfield

Organization: NJVC

Strategic Business Unit: Military Intelligence and Operations Support

Security Requirements: Top Secret

Job Schedule: Full Time Exempt

Recruiter: Jonas Patterson

Req ID: 2000001203",3.0,"Chenega Corporation
3.0","Springfield, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
119,Senior Mulesoft Integration Architect,"$99k-$202k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Sense Corp is looking for a Senior Integration Architect to deliver Mulesoft technology solutions with State Government clients. You will lead the design, development and implementation of the integration architecture for the proposed solution.

To succeed in this role, you will need to communicate well with the technical team as well as with clients. The ability to multi-task and deliver under tight deadlines is an asset in this position. If you’re an experienced team player and a creative problem-solver using Mulesoft products, we’d like to meet you.

Responsibilities:

Integration Platform design, implementation and the technical quality as well as the operationalization of the integration solutions for large modernization/transformation projects
Lead Configuration and set-up integration environments
Design reusable assets, components, standards, frameworks, and processes to support and facilitate API and integration projects
Advise delivery team on performance, scalability, reliability, monitoring and other operational concerns related to the integration solutions within the MuleSoft Product Suite (API Manager, CloudHub, AnyPoint Studio, Dataweave, Orchestration, ActiveMQ, Pub/Sub modules, etc.)
Train and mentor junior integration resources
Participate in business development as needed
Develop positive working relationships with client technical teams
Work with Solution Architect to validate the overall integration design

Requirements

3 years’ experience serving as a Mulesoft Architect
7+ years of experience performing application integration, SOA and enterprise message bus implementations
Architected and delivered multiple Mulesoft implementations for a state or commercial organization
Experience in defining overall API architecture, API implementations, integration and deployment
Hands on experience in creating the connectivity architecture using Mulesoft API
Experience in creating Mule ESB flows, and performing payload transformation
Extensive experience using various Mule connectors including HTTP, Salesforce, AWS, DB, VM
Experience with mainframe modernizations a plus
Public Sector and Salesforce integration experience a plus
Bachelors or Masters in a technical discipline (e.g. CS/MIS)
Certified MuleSoft Certified Integration Architect preferred
Knowledge and understanding of Software Development frameworks
US Citizen or GC Holder
Travels to client locations

Sense Corp powers insight-driven organizations.

We accelerate the entire transformation life cycle, from strategy through implementation. We Deliver outcomes by transforming data into insights. We unlock value in your most critical interactions with digital transformation.

Our people, culture, and how we engage with our clients are differentiators. Brilliant, Creative, Human, and Fun exemplify who we are. We are regularly recognized as a Best Place to Work by Austin, Houston, Dallas, and St. Louis Business Journals. With operations in Austin, Atlanta, Columbus, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, and St. Louis we serve mid-market to Fortune 50 companies.

The Sense Corp Compass

We may be the only management consulting firm in the country where being brilliant isn’t enough to land you a job. Sense Corp people must be brilliant, creative, human, and fun all at once. In other words, we hire terrific, well-rounded people. It’s one reason clients love working with us. And it’s why we enjoy working with each other. We may not sound like typical consultants but that’s OK. We don’t think like them either.

Visit us at www.sensecorp.com.",3.5,"Sense Corp
3.5","Austin, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
120,"AVP, Data Modeler","$55k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are currently looking to hire a Senior Data Modeler within the Enterprise Data and Information Services team, which is a part of LPLs Technology organization. This position is responsible for establishing and maintaining foundational modeling practices and standards which will enable the company to transform the consumption and usage of data across the enterprise. The individual in this role will promote a deep understanding and awareness of data with a focus on information modeling, serve as a leader and data champion on data projects, and adhere to an enterprise-wide data governance framework to achieve the highest level of consistency, quality, and protection of data. Essential Functions: Represent business concepts, their definitions, properties, and relationships via conceptual and logical models and diagrams. Coordinate discussions and reviews with subject matter experts and stakeholders to confirm key attributes and relationships and to perform model validation. Produce models to support the mapping of data in legacy data formats and data stores to modern formats and enterprise data stores. Facilitate the alignment of models across multiple domains. Create, update, and optimize logical and physical data models along with corresponding metadata. Define and leverage data modeling and design standards, tools, and best practices. Ensure naming convention standards are followed, data proliferation is minimized, and data governance processes are followed. Perform reverse engineering of data models from databases and SQL scripts. Design and implement data technology solutions in the areas of master data, metadata, and reference data. Participate in the evaluation of new tools and techniques to improve data management for the enterprise. Partner with business analysts, data analysts, and other technology resources to interpret business and data requirements and translate into data models. Collaborate with data architects, technical leads, developers, and DBAs to design and implement data solutions. Maintain in-depth knowledge of data across all domains and entities. Provide support for metadata initiatives, including, but not limited to Business Glossary updates Data Dictionaries for physical table structures Data Models and Data Flow Diagrams Data Lineage within metadata repository Other Job Duties: Mentor and provide leadership to more junior members of the team. Qualifications: 7-10 years experience in applying data management principles and industry standards to design, build, and maintain complex data model assets in Transactional/ Operational, ODS, Data Warehouse and Data Mart applications, with a heavy emphasis on transactional data. Bachelors degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Systems, Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field. Expertise in data modeling principles, including conceptual, logical and physical data models. Mastery of data analysis and modeling tools, such as Power Designer, ERWin, and ER/Studio. Mastery of RDBMS platforms, including SQL Server and Oracle. Mastery of Data Definition Language (DDL) and Data Manipulation Language (DML) SQL commands. Experience maintaining metadata for complex data environments and ensuring data integrity. Demonstrated ability to work as part of a high-performing team and influence others within the technology organization. Flexible and able to successfully navigate ambiguity and succeed in a rapidly-changing, fast-paced, deadline-driven environment with multiple priorities. Highly organized with strong communication, problem-solving, documentation, and presentation skills. Proven ability to be proactive, possess flexible attitude, learn new skills, and manage ambiguity. Experience in financial services. Familiar with EDM Council, Financial Industry Business Ontology (FIBO), and other sources for financial industry models. Additional Requirements: Experience with both waterfall and agile project methodologies. Experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Python, and Spark are a plus but not required. Why LPL? At LPL, we believe that objective financial guidance is a fundamental need for everyone. As the nations leading independent broker-dealer, we offer an integrated platform of proprietary technology, brokerage, and investment advisor services. We provide you with a work environment that encourages your creativity and growth, a leadership team that is supportive and responsive, and the opportunity to create a career that has no limits, only amazing potential. We are one team on one mission. We take care of our advisors, so they can take care of their clients. Because our company is not too big and not too small, you can seize the opportunity to make a real impact. We are committed to supporting workplace equality, and we embrace the different perspectives and backgrounds of our employees. We also care for our communities, and we encourage our employees to do the same. This creates an environment in which you can do your best work. Want to hear from our employees on what its like to work at LPL? Watch this ! We take social responsibility seriously. Learn more here Want to see info on our benefits? Learn more here Join the LPL team and help us make a difference by turning lifes aspirations into financial realities. Please log in or create an account to apply to this position. Principals only. EOE. Information on Interviews: LPL will only communicate with a job applicant directly from an @lp l.com email address and will never conduct an interview online or in a chatroom forum. During an interview, LPL will not request any form of payment from the applicant, or information regarding an applicants bank or credit card. Should you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact LPLs Human Resources Solutions Center at (800) 877-7210.",3.6,"LPL Financial
3.6","Fort Mill, SC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1968,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
121,Sales Solution Architect,-1,"RESPONSIBILITIES: *
· Lead demos of technology solutions to customers.

· Develop sales-oriented technical implementations of My Acclaro and integrated technologies.

· Provide first line technical support for CMS connectors, plugins, and TMSs.

· Work in GitHub to clearly articulate and track issues through resolution.

· Play a pro-active, consultative role in support of new opportunities and/or new business lines with existing customers.

· Guide and document client requirement gathering and localization solution development process.

· Position covers the West Coast.
REQUIREMENTS: *
· 3+ years of experience in Localization industry on the technology side.

· Fundamental understanding of CAT tools and cloud-based TMSs.

· Familiarity is helpful, but not required, of content management systems including one or more Craft CMS, Contentful, WordPress (WPML), Drupal (TMGMT), Zendesk, HubSpot and AEM.

· Excellent communication skills including the ability to convey technical information to both technical and non-technical audiences.

· Extensive knowledge of translation industry tools and localization standards.

· Strong desire to learn new tools, processes and concepts.
DESIRABLE: *
· Familiarity with any of SQL databases, PHP, Python, or .NET programming.

· Familiarity with Postman and running and/or testing scripts.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $137,285.00 - $216,052.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Localization: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
Fully Remote
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply
A job for which people with disabilities are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
www.acclaro.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible",-1,beyont,"San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1997,Unknown,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
122,Senior Data Engineer,"$78k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Cision Ltd is a leading global provider of innovative earned media software and services to public relations and marketing communications professionals. Cision’s Communications Cloud platform allows users to identify key influencers, craft and distribute strategic content, and measure meaningful impact of PR and Communications Teams’ campaigns. Cision has over 4,500 employees with offices in 23 countries throughout the Americas, EMEA, and APAC. For more information about our products and services, visit www.cision.com and follow us on Twitter @Cision.
Cision employs the brightest, most passionate people in the tech industry. We’d love for you to join that group! We invest in our people through training and professional development and we empower them to grow their careers - because the most important measure of our success is yours.


As a Senior Data Engineer for the Earned Media Attribution Software Engineering team, you will work with business data and database systems that power our market leading solution, Impact. You will be working with data engineers, software engineers and quality engineers on high-scale data collection and processing systems to gain insights from web scale analytics data. The team will work in an iterative manner to consistently and frequently deliver high-quality, robust and scalable software solutions.
You will help us by:
Leading development work on core data warehouse for attribution product and designing platform iterations to accommodate rapid growth
Working closely with QA, Architecture, and Product teams to help Cision deliver innovative software to our customers and industry partners
Designing and optimize database architecture including schemas, partitioning and aggregations
Developing standards to ingest, enrich and aggregate large amounts of data while focusing on consistency and data quality
Building and implementing data integrations using ELT/ETL frameworks and APIs with industry partners
You would be a good fit if you have:
7+ Years proven professional experience in data engineering field such as architecture, data management, data warehousing or data quality
In depth understanding and practical experience and understanding of designing, developing and maintaining a modern data warehouse in AWS
Proven experience in the following: developing in Java or similar experience and interest in adopting Java, MPP and/or columnar databases, RedShift preferred, bash scripting and Python for ETL processing
Ability to understand key business needs and translate those needs into data solutions
Expertise with the following: OLAP data modeling, concurrency, data structures, business intelligence tools such as MS Power BI/Tableau, data streaming platforms such as Apache Kafka as well as creating RESTful APIs for use in data visualization applications
Ability to recommend and optimize for new higher performing multi-dimensional architectures for more efficient Business Intelligence performance
You would be a great fit if you also have:
Experience with one or more of: high availability (HA) applications; distributed and redundant data storage and processing; service-oriented architecture and data mining
Experience with the following: agile software development or an iterative development environment and with continuous integration and continuous delivery
Understanding of data privacy and data protection
Cision is committed to building an environment where all employees are set up to thrive and reach their full potential. We believe diversity, equity and inclusion is vital to driving our culture, sparking innovation and achieving long-term success. Cision is proud to have joined more than 600 companies in signing the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™ pledge, the largest CEO-driven business commitment to advance diversity and inclusion within the workplace.
Cision is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, or other protected statuses.
EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V, 41 CFR 60–1.4
Please see EEO is the law and EEO is the Law Supplement.
Please review our Global Candidate Data Privacy Statement to learn about Cision’s commitment to protecting personal data collected during the hiring process.",2.8,"Cision
2.8","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1892,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
123,Cloud Architect,"$92k-$159k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Farm Credit Mid-America, we believe people are our strongest asset. We are consistently looking to hire individuals from a wide range of experience and capabilities who have a desire to serve. Currently, we have over 1,300 employees across Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee.

BASIC FUNCTION : Partner with key stakeholders to create, communicate and promote a unified vision and strategy for the adoption of cloud technologies by incorporating a holistic view of Farm Credit Mid-America’s systems and technologies in a way that supports the Farm Credit Mid-America business vision. Provide design leadership and mentoring to team members involved in cloud deployments, administration and implementation. Stay abreast of evolving cloud technologies and how they can enhance our existing platforms and infrastructure.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES :

Partner with technology and business teams to develop a cloud adoption strategy that enables our business.
Account for the following while developing the cloud adoption strategy:
Association and departmental goals
Benefits and risk assessment of different cloud technologies in the context of the overall enterprise and individual projects
Adoption readiness (skills, knowledge, etc.) and timing
Governance and oversight of cloud resource allocation
Scalability and agility
Coach team members on how best to leverage cloud platforms to deliver business results and enable the technology strategy.
Partner with enterprise software architects on cloud application development architecture and configuration to ensure alignment with cloud strategy
Provide thought leadership on cloud technologies while maintaining strong relationships with a focus on customer and employee experience.
Develop standards and guidance both at the project and enterprise level that fosters consistent and best-fit use of platforms.
Create and maintain architecture documentation. Work with project teams to create and revise necessary documentation as defined by current standards, which includes high level design specifications and support documents. Review design documentation for projects and systems.
Stay up-to-date on industry trends and advancements.
Represent and communicate the mission and values of Farm Credit Mid-America and complies with its conduct policy, security policy and confidentiality expectations.
Perform other responsibilities as assigned.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Information Technology Infrastructure, Networking, Engineering, Computer Science or related disciplines. Typical incumbent would have 3 or more years of experience in designing, executing and supporting hybrid cloud solutions. Previous experience in designing and developing enterprise applications for scalability, performance and availability.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES :

Key Competencies: integrity, motivational fit, problem solving, customer focus, teamwork, adaptability

Knowledge of: Detailed working knowledge of cloud architecture, integration architecture, networking architecture, cloud security. High level understanding of cloud administration, cloud adoption, IT infrastructure, compute, storage, networking, security policies, network security, data security.

Skills in: Leading projects of cross-functional teams in areas described above; analysis and definition of association needs, priorities or problems; evaluation of cloud offerings with recommendations for solutions to problems or use within the association; communication, both oral and written; tact, diplomacy and skill in negotiating and mediation to arrive at solutions.

Ability to: Work in an agile team environment and complete tasks on a timely basis in an unstructured environment. Exercise leadership and judgment; analysis, evaluate and develop solutions to complex problems; make a positive personal impact on others; be innovative and creative and be logical and objective; train, instruct and provide guidance to others; interact positively with representatives of other associations, vendors and commercial entities.

MENTAL AND PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS :

This job requires the incumbent to have the ability to…

Engage in telephone and face-to-face conversation to serve customers and give and receive information from customers, staff, vendors, outside consultants and the public.
Use computer. This involves reading the screen and keying/typing information.
Speak and make presentations to individuals or groups on technical subjects related to job.
Travel via auto or commercial transportation to carry out essential responsibilities of the job.
Successfully interact with and represent the organization to customers, staff, officers, board members, vendors, and/or the public at all levels.
Provide sound technical advice to customers and other staff in the subject field(s) related to this position.
Understand and explain various subject matter and consulting concepts, programs, terminology, and methods.
Reason, judge, compare, calculate, evaluate, decide, and critique such information as written material, numerical data, responses to customer needs, and/or other related work activities.

Requirements of the job include the ability to do the work, with or without reasonable accommodations. It is the Association's policy to make reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities. Leadership retains the right to add, subtract or change duties of the position at any time.

Here's What We Can Offer You...

Farm Credit Mid-America has an outstanding Total Rewards package, which includes, but is not limited to:

Salary commensurate with experience
15 vacation days, 15 sick days, and 9 paid holidays per year
401(k) plan
Medical, Dental, Vision, STD, LTD, Life/AD&D benefits, etc.
Fitness Incentive Program
Tuition Reimbursement

IND123

Farm Credit Mid-America is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other category protected by law.",3.8,"Farm Credit Mid-America
3.8","Louisville, KY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1985,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
124,Presales Solutions Architect - Datacenter,"$67k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About SHI:

Innovative Solutions. World Class Support.

Constantly growing in response to the needs of our customers in all sectors and verticals, SHI has transformed itself from a $1 million ""software-only"" regional reseller into an $11 billion global provider of information technology products and services.

From software and hardware procurement to deployment planning, configuration, data center optimization, IT asset management and cloud computing, SHI offers custom IT solutions for every aspect of your environment.

Privately-held and under the guidance of our current ownership since 1989, SHI has experienced tremendous growth in size and scope through neither merger nor acquisition. Our organic growth and two decades of stability are a direct result of backing a highly-skilled and tenured sales force with software volume licensing experts, hardware procurement specialists and certified IT services professionals.

Headquartered in Somerset, NJ, SHI supports their clients from over 30 offices throughout the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Germany, France and Hong Kong. SHI’s goal is to foster long-term, mutually-beneficial relationships with its customers and partners, every day.

What SHI Can Offer:

World Class Facility includes on site gyms, restaurants and community events
Ongoing opportunities for personal and professional growth and development due to our strong promote from within philosophy
Work in an up-beat, creative, and fun environment
Benefits, include medical, vision, dental, 401K, and flexible spending
Job Summary:

The Presales Solution Architect will architect and design server and storage solutions with supporting technologies while maintaining customer’s budget and environment restrictions. The Architect will work with a sales team to identify, gather requirements for solutions, and draft proposals.

This position is required to report to the SHI Somerset NJ office location as determined by SHI management.

Responsibilities:

• Architect and Design Server and Storage Solutions with supporting technologies while maintaining customer’s budget and environment restrictions
• Assist SHI Sales Reps with customer facing conference calls & presentations
• Deliver related IT assessments to analyze customer environment
• Work with a sales team to identify, gather requirements for solutions, and draft proposals
• Design solutions and plan implementations with the sales team and customer
• Translate business needs into technology specifications
• Perform hands on work in our Customer Innovations Center
• Provide technical mentoring and development to other team members
• Stay current with new technologies and innovations and recommend adoption of new technologies
• Maintain certifications relevant to job role
• Perform technical presentations, demonstrations, proof of concepts (POC), Scope(s) of Work, Bill(s) of Material for customers, partners and prospects.
• Analyze needs of the Sales team and create supporting documentation or tools to better equip the team in the sales process
• Identify and promote SHI Professional Services as well as other SHI business lines
• Work with other SHI pre-sales solution architects to expand product sales into solution sales
• Will travel as needed according to customer project requirements (less than 25%)

Qualifications:

• Minimum of 10+ years direct technical presales experience architecting customer solutions
• Solution selling experience
• Minimum of 10+ years experience with leading server and storage vendors, such as Cisco, Dell/EMC, HP, Lenovo, NetApp, Nutanix, just to name a few
• Minimum of 10+ years experience with leading virtualization technologies
• Completed Bachelor's (B.S.) degree or equivalent work experience

Required Skills:

• Strong organizational and consultative skills

• Ability to continue to keep up with the IT industry with self-study and independent work in lab facilities to increase job related knowledge and skills

• Strong verbal and written communication skills

• Creative and self-motivated mindset

• Ability to tailor complex technical dialog to targeted audience

• Strong presentation skills

• Ability to architect, design, and plan implementations for IT customer solutions

Preferred Skills:

• VMware and OEM Certifications are preferred but not required

Equal Employment Opportunity – M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran Status

#HiringNow #GetHired #Hiring

Additional Information:
FLSA Status: Exempt

Equal Employment Opportunity – M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran Status",3.5,"SHI International
3.5","Somerset, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
125,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"Job Description

JOB DESCRIPTION - SENIOR DATA ENGINEER

ClearOne Advantage is a fast-growing company that is aggressively hiring due to increased business. We are always improving our marketing, culture and technology to provide our employees with the best work atmosphere and our customers with excellent customer service. COA’s proprietary software is tailored to our industry and allows the client to receive the best service possible.

We are seeking a Senior Data Engineer who can develop and maintain COA’s data environment, including data warehousing, data ingestion, ETL/ELT, data exchange, data lineage, and data quality. This role will interact daily with our Data Analytics/Data Science, Finance, Operations, DBAs, Site Reliability, and DevOps teams. Ideal candidate will be smart, passionate about data and eager to continually grow.

If you are looking to work in a team environment, a place where you are more a name than a number, where you interact with leadership daily, then please send your resume for review!

Perks:

● For Baltimore candidates - great location, right on the water in the Canton Crossing Tower

● Casual work environment and remote flexibility

● Room for advancement


Job Requirements

JOB REQUIREMENTS

Job Duties:

● Design and implement data warehouse solutions (schema design, partitioning, data ingestion, security, encryption, scrubbing, optimization, etc.)

● Design and implement data exchange solutions with partners and other third parties (secure data integration, file integrity, data ingestion, data quality, file retention, etc.)

● Design and implement data streaming solutions (clickstream, phone, third party services) for real-time/near-time ingestion into the data warehouse

● Establish programmatic tasks and perform unit tests of code and solutions

● Interface and consume application APIs for batch data ingestion

● Work with Data Science group to design, implement, and optimize analytic solutions

● Work with other departments on reporting design and efficiency

● Follow corporate and team standards for design, security, efficiency, application logging, monitoring/alerting, and documentation

● Triage and fix production application issues

● Stay abreast of new technologies and practices to further enhance team capabilities and own skills

● Participate in on-call rotation to support new and existing products

Qualifications:

● 4+ years hands-on experience in Application Development

● 2+ years operating in an Agile environment

● 3+ years hands-on experience with Microsoft® SQL Server, including using indexes, stored procedures, views, and triggers

● 3+ years hands-on experience with ETL/ELT tools (Five Tran, Informatica, Switch, SSIS, etc.)

● 2+ years hands-on experience with Business Intelligence tools (Tableau, Looker, Microstrategy, Brio, etc.)

● 1+ years working with Snowflake, AWS Redshift, or other commercially scaled cloud data warehouse provider

● 1+ years working in Amazon Web Services (AWS) or other cloud environment

● Awareness of analytics tools (R, SPSS, SAS, etc.), machine learning (Jupyter, etc.), artificial intelligence

● Working knowledge of encryption protocols and data scrubbing methods

● Working knowledge of data streaming tools and methods for real-time/near-time data availability

● Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field / equivalent experience

● Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, rapid growth environment

● Ability to solve problems and learn business rules and processes

● Ability to demonstrate strategic, data-driven thinking combined with efficient implementation

● Ability to communicate clearly and effectively to both technical peers and business customers

● Ability work on a team as well as complete projects and tasks individually

● Hands-on, self-starter with a positive attitude and strong work ethic

● Authorized to work on US. At this time, ClearOne cannot offer sponsorship.

Technical Skills:

● Required – Microsoft SQL Server 2016-2019, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Snowflake, Fivetran, Python, SFTP, Tableau, Amazon Web Services, JSON, GitHub

● Preferred – MongoDB, NewRelic, JavaScript, .NET Core 3.1, Confluent, Kafka, R, Jupyter

AAP/EEO Statement:

Clear One Advantage provides equal employment opportunity to all employees and job seekers without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under federal, state or local laws.",4.4,"ClearOne Advantage
4.4",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
126,Data Science Solutions Architect,"$93k-$150k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What is Enterprise Data?

Bloomberg's Enterprise Data department develops data offerings that are considered best in class by the capital markets community. Across real time market data, reference data, historical pricing data, and unique analytics we offer:

The most comprehensive and highest quality content in the industry.
Distribution platforms that are flexible, reliable, fast, and easy to onboard.
Easy to use data that is ready for analysis.
These critical datasets serve as the primary source of information across the front, middle, and back office at the most respected capital markets firms across the globe. What is the Role?Capital markets firms are purposefully embracing data science and machine learning techniques into their workflows. Motivated by increasingly sophisticated competition or cost savings, data science and machine learning have become a critical aspect of our customers' business strategies. Bloomberg wants to be the leader in analysis ready data that allows clients to focus on the business of creating advanced analytics solutions rather than data ingestion and normalization.

You will play a meaningful role in helping customers and Bloomberg, together, achieve success. As a hands on liaison between Bloomberg product development teams and the data science teams at our customers, the Solutions Architect will provide experienced technical design, data science thought leadership, and Bloomberg recommended standard methodologies as customers develop solutions on premises or in the public cloud.

The ideal candidate will be a customer focused data scientist with advanced technology skills that seeks opportunities to get their hands dirty while confidently working with clients to design and build solutions that will best demonstrate Bloomberg content and technology in conjunction with modern data science tools and workflows.

We'll Trust you to:

Lead deep technical discussions with customers, vendor partners, and Bloomberg colleagues from Product, Sales, Quant -Research & Development, Engineering, and Client Services.
Serve as subject matter experts in demonstrating advanced data science workflows and technologies for capital markets use cases.
Engage with customers as part of their solution creation team.
Confidently make recommendations (based on standard methodologies) to customers and partners.
Develop collateral including tutorials, sample code, reference implementations, and presentations that will be used by data science practitioners as well as executive decision makers.
Provide feedback to Product, Quant, and Engineering teams to help shape product strategy and execution roadmap.
Balance hands on work with a desire to keep up with trends.
What do I need to apply?
Experience with applying data science/quantitative modeling to real world, financial use cases commonly deployed at capital market firms.
Understanding of capital markets, banking, asset management, and/or the trade lifecycle.
Extensive knowledge of leading open source data analysis tools and machine learning libraries.
Experience with tools and frameworks enabling large scale data analysis (e.g., Spark) and advanced programming skills in commonly used languages for analysis (e.g., python, R).
End-to-end knowledge of the data science problem, including large scale data and data pipeline management.
Proficiency with crafting technical documentation and presentations (white-board, small team, broad audience).
Entrepreneurial mindset and comfortable to work in a non-hierarchical, large global organization where interaction with senior management is required.
Passion for consistent learning.
Ability to travel
It's a plus if you have:
Advanced knowledge of AWS, GCP, and/or Azure data science and machine learning services
Experience applying advanced machine learning to large scale, financial modeling problems
Master's degree or Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.",3.9,"Bloomberg
3.9","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1981,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
127,Data Architect,-1,"Expert at architecture & design of analytic solutions w data lakes, data warehouses and BI platforms. Deep expertise w data warehousing, data modeling, master data management, metadata, pipelines, integrations, BI, and advanced analytical concepts..

Skills/Talents/Responsibilities:

• Design and develop cutting-edge data solutions using existing and emerging (cloud) platforms

• Elicitation and analysis of data requirements; implementation of data architecture projects

• Deep knowledge of information architecture methodologies; enterprise wide data architecture for designing and building data lakes, data warehouses and marts and BI reporting databases

• Building and enforcing data standards; managing data diagrams and process flows

• Design, create and optimize complex queries for data extraction, transformation and load (ETL) processes

• Architect solutions for the design and implementation of Big Data Infrastructure.

• Administer user access and security and implement user-defined security rules

• Define information models supporting data assets of complex data structures represented in various data management systems such as graph, relational and hierarchical

• Guide other teams to design, develop, and deploy data sets and tools that support product use cases

• Maintain data standards in compliance w DC Government, Federal and CJIS requirements
Operate as a Trusted advisor (expert data architect); helps in shaping use cases and implementation plans
Excellent work ethic centered on collaborative, sharing of knowledge and a we will find a solution mindset
An expert problem solver who is open minded, flexible and has high energy
Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $100.00 - $102.00 per hour

Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Warehouse Architect using MS SQL Server, Informatica: 10 years (Required)
Leading projects, ensuring they are in compliance: 10 years (Required)
Data/Enterpirse Architect: 10 years (Required)
Designing/development of data warehouses (traditional/Cloud): 10 years (Required)
Tableau, Informatica, Cognos, MS SQL and MySQL: 10 years (Required)
AWS and Azure cloud based solutions: 3 years (Required)
functional and technical specification development: 10 years (Required)
SQL ETL development/ programming: 10 years (Required)
diagramming/modeling using UML, etc: 10 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Washington, DC 20001 (Required)
License:
Green card or US Citizenship (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.6,"Compass Solutions LLC
3.6","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
128,Data Engineer,"$59k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary of Responsibilities

Codes and develops software applications. Works as part of a development team on the design and implementation of analytical applications, including current Business Intelligence technologies, modern programming languages (Python, Scala, R) and current SQL database skills. Conducts requirement analysis, produces design documents on proposed solutions, and delivers consistent, test-covered, high quality code in a timely fashion. Recommends and completes product revisions or enhancements based on feedback. Develops and maintains documentation as required.

Performs work under minimal supervision. Handles moderate to complex issues and problems, and engages higher-level staff on only the most complex issues as necessary. Possesses comprehensive knowledge of subject matter. Provides coaching, and/or mentoring to a subordinate group.

Preferred Experience and Skills

Four to Eight year of related experience
Technical expertise and detail orientated
Complex problem-solving and critical thinking skills
Analytical thinking skills
Ability to build collaborative skills
Agile/SCRUM methodology experience
Azure DevOps experience
Property and Casualty insurance experience
4+ years of Hands-on experience with SQL databases, SSIS/Informatica ETL, Power BI, Cloud based integration tools.
Knowledge of Data warehousing concepts, and data modeling using Kimball methodology.

Preferred Education and Training

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field

INDSP",3.5,"West Bend Mutual Insurance Company
3.5","West Bend, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1894,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
129,Software Engineering Manager II,-1,"Software Engineering Manager II

Job Summary

The Engineering Manager is a key member of the Engineering Leadership Team responsible for daily leadership, management and overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of the multi-disciplinary engineering department. The Engineering Manager must lead the department as the Chief Engineer directs the strategic vision of the engineering organization. As an engineering leader, the Engineering Manager must also provide hands on technical expertise and function as part of the technical team. Engineering disciplines include, but are not limited to, systems engineering, software engineering, and hardware engineering.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

This position is expected to have direct technical oversight over assigned projects and indirect oversight over all projects being supported by personnel he/she manages.
Manage direct (i.e. managers and individual contributors) and indirect (includes individual contributors reporting into direct reporting managers) reports, including labor planning (including assigning personnel to projects), financial budgets, engineering tasking, and oversight of engineering staff in one or more engineering disciplines.
Responsible for ensuring project work products and deliverables are developed in accordance with organizational standard processes.
Conduct technical reviews to ensure performance and progress align with program (cost, schedule and technical) objectives, while proactively ensuring a robust risk management posture. Prevent and remediate underperforming projects.
Establish, reinforce and improve organizational and program processes.
Establish and support program and organizational objectives.
Facilitate and reinforce successful multi-disciplinary project execution.
Solve complex technical and management problems requiring in-depth analysis of various factors.
Interview, hire, coach, and train employees; while appraising employee performance, while rewarding and disciplining employees. Address complaints and resolve problems.
Work with Program Mangers to develop technical proposal volume, proposal estimates, Work Breakdown Structures (WBS), schedules and risk assessments.

Non-Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

All other duties as assigned.

Basic Requirements (Competencies): To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following achievements and competencies:

Bachelor’s degree in an Engineering discipline; Master’s Degree preferred. Ten years Systems, Software or Hardware Engineering experience. Possesses advanced technical knowledge of DOD simulation technologies and products. Four years management/leadership experience in fast paced engineering environment. Demonstrated track record of success in delivering results.

Clearance Requirements: (If Applicable)

Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE.

IND1",-1,ProActive Technologies Inc.,"Oviedo, FL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
130,"Director, Solutions Delivery Architect (Business Solutions)","$102k-$209k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary

Fidelity & Guaranty (""F&G"") —a division of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (""FNF""), a Fortune 500 company—is committed to helping Americans prepare for and live comfortably in their retirement. Through its subsidiaries, F&G is a leading provider of annuity and life insurance products. For nearly 60 years, we have offered annuity and life insurance products to those who are seeking safety, protection and income solutions to meet their needs.

At F&G, we believe our culture is what makes our company great. In 2019, we received a Top Workplace award, which we credit to our employees' shared cultural values: Collaborative, Authentic, Dynamic and Empowered. We believe that by embracing these values, we will continue to build and strengthen the company, while being a great place to work. We recruit talented and committed individuals to join our team, and we provide opportunities for personal and professional growth. The Director, Solution Delivery Architect will be a leader for solutions that support one or more business functions.

Organization

The Director, Solution Delivery Architect will lead technical resources, either formally or informally, while being responsible for the domain architecture, design, delivery, and support of technology solutions for one or more business functions. The Director, Solution Delivery Architect will effectively communicate and interact with business partners, PMO, other technology team members and report directly to the AVP, Solutions Delivery.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Collaborates with business partners to understand business needs and establish a technical vision for the application set supporting their business partners.
Provide technical leadership to the team, either formally or informally, in support of their application set. Technical resources may include contractors, consultants, or full-time employees.
Develops and executes technical roadmaps to modernize, enhance, and support the application set of their business partners.
Serves as the technical lead on large projects architecting/designing components such as user interfaces, middleware, data integration and services.
Assures solutions are fit for purpose and aligned with the organization's reference architecture.
Supports and promotes technical consistency by following Enterprise Architecture's guiding principles.
Researches current and emerging technology, engaging with other architects and Enterprise Architecture to innovate in a risk appropriate manner to accelerate corporate growth.
Participates in F&G's architecture review board (ARB) sessions and presents solution designs to the ARB for approval.
Actively monitors the application set to ensure it is performing as expected, addressing issues as required.
Manages technical builds ensuring quality, timeliness, adherence to business requirements and budget.
Communicates all technical decisions, issues and risks to Program Leadership and manages technical dependencies within or external to the program.
Performs design reviews to ensure all new solutions brought into the application set align to technology guiding principles and the technology ecosystem.
Exhibits ownership of technical deliverables from external resources, providing review of deliverables and actively manages an effective feedback cycle.
Supports IT leadership in financial planning and timing of solution delivery.
Leads with a data centric perspective, demonstrating a solid understanding of common data management practices.

Experience and Education Requirements

Bachelor's degree in Computer and Information Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Management, Management Information Systems, Information Technology or related field.
10+ years of application development domain experience (architecture, design, development).
5+ years architecting, designing, and integration of large complex solutions.
5+ years of experience leading teams (formally or informally).
Experience with annuity/life insurance systems for distribution management & compensation, new business case management, underwriting, policy administration, and claims.
Experience with life/annuity company operations

Skills and Abilities Requirements

Strong leadership skills to lead teams with a mix of internal and external resources and with a mix of formal reporting relationships (dotted line and solid line).
Excellent verbal and written communication and conflict resolution skills.
Excellent object-oriented programming (C# / Java), secure coding, and analytical skills.
Self-starter who can develop policies, procedures and protocol.
Ability to weigh and effectively communicate different options and associated risks/benefits in order to come up with best recommendations and solutions.
Strong knowledge of API concepts, and working knowledge of one or more API integration platforms
Understanding of secure system design principles, patterns, and practices.

Preferred Requirements, Skills and Abilities

MBA or Master of Computer Science or related field.
Experience with a cloud or hybrid platforms such as Azure and AWS.
Visionary and change agent to provide compelling future state and overcome hurdles to change.
Strong ability to solve problems; Logical thinker.
Ability to organize and manage multiple priorities.
Ability to form strong partnerships with third-party vendors to design effective technical solutions that meet F&G's strategic and compliance objectives.
Team player who is comfortable working in a dynamic, entrepreneurial environment.
Ability to translate complex business requirements into detailed functional and/or technical specifications.
Strong SQL writing and tuning skills.
Strong capabilities in MS Office, specifically advanced spreadsheet usage.
Strong project management skills.
Ability to effectively operate in support of a complex ecosystem of technology platforms managed by internal resources and vendor partners.
Experience with electronic order entry platforms such as AnnuityNet, AFFIRM and FireLight.
Experience with DTCC Insurance & Retirement Services (I&RS) integrations.

Physical Demands and Work Environment

Office work environment; use of computer for extended periods while sitting
Flexibility to travel up to 30%.

#INDHP #LI-JS1",3.8,"Fidelity & Guaranty Life
3.8","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
131,Senior Data Engineer,"$74k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data Engineer on our Facility Data team, you will develop and maintain database functionality to support corporate products and services. Primarily, your focus will be on mastering facility and quality data for display on the Healthgrades.com website. While serving as a technical leader, you will collaborate with cross-functional database and product development teams using Agile / Scrum, Open Source and Microsoft technologies.

In your role, you will implement database technologies and development processes to support development of an Enterprise Data Platform that is changing the game. On this product, we are currently transitioning our Microsoft technology stacks to other Open Source technologies so experience with Scala, Spark SQL, Python, StreamSets, Reltio, AWS S3, Kafka and Redis is preferred. If you are interested in growing your expertise in these technologies, this will be an exciting opportunity for you.

What you will do:
Participate in the collaborative design and development of specialized data structures for the purpose of data consumption by a public facing website
Develop a data management framework that is effective, scalable and reliable
Be the subject matter expert for consumption layer data, providing guidance to teams on best practices, capabilities and limitations
Research and prototype new technologies
Oversee data transformation, normalization, cleansing, aggregation, workflow management and business rule application
Load, process and manage incoming data feeds
Contribute to the development of architectural roadmaps and perform periodic reviews to identify improvement opportunities.
Enable integration and deployment tools and methods for managing reliable development life cycle routines
What you will bring:
Significant experience in SQL, troubleshooting stored procedures, and ETL applications
Experience developing and deploying data applications using Open Source frameworks like Kafka, AWS S3, StreamSets and Redis
Data modeling and corporate-level data management experience
5+ years' experience with complex database management systems
Fluency in several programming languages such as Python, Scala or Java
SQL Programming / ETL and data architecture management experience
Define and manage critical data using Master Data Management solutions
Ability to perform Unit Tests and internal QA checks
Good collaboration and idea sharing in a team environment
A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field preferred
Previous experience with Microsoft SQL Server is a plus
It's Nice If You Bring This Too:
Data modeling and corporate-level data management experience
Previously worked with Windows Workflow Foundation, Windows Workflow Designer and Windows Presentation Foundation technologies
Experience with Reltio, Snowflake, and Kafka is a plus
Why Healthgrades?

At Healthgrades, we recognize that our people drive our greatest achievements. We are passionate about maintaining a fulfilling, rewarding and energetic work environment while setting the stage for continued success.
Meaningful Work Connecting millions with their healthcare providers
Changing the Game evolving culture with career advancement opportunities
Community Builders partnering with local charity and wellness initiatives
Robust Perks generous PTO, 401k contributions, tuition assistance, entertainment discounts and more!",2.9,"Healthgrades
2.9","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
132,Senior Data Engineer,"$91k-$166k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our Data Warehouse team is looking to add a Senior Data Engineer. Qualified applicants will have 5-7 years’ experience in a Data Engineer position with a background supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency, and workload management. Ideal candidates will be experts in Talend, Python, Snowflake, CID and SQL.

Here's what you can expect from the job and what you need to be successful:

Job duties
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, including building a data pipeline infrastructure for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL , cloud based relational or non-relational databases employing Talend, and/or scripting languages like Perl/Python
Build complex data platforms, and large scale CI/CD data pipelines utilizing a variety of technologies (REST APIs, Teamcity, Jennkis) and cloud databases (Snowflake)
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements, including automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in the organization’s data integration platform
Collaborate with technical staff to identify, learn, and understand software problems
Follow established configuration/change control processes
Identify options for potential solutions and assessing them for both technical and business suitability
Work closely with peers, stakeholders, and end users to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction
Essential Skills
A minimum of 5 years of developing ETL processes using Talendnformatica including the processing of NoSQL and JSON formats. Talend Certification preferred.
Strong skills with Ant, Maven, GIT, Jenkins, TeamCity.
Experience in writing Jenkins, Teamcity pipeline groovy, PowerShell scripts
Strong skills in source code repository tools such as Clear Case, SVN, CVS, and Git.
Advanced working knowledge in scripting languages, including Python, Perl and Shell.
Deep understanding of ETL, ELT, Talend, Informatica, Hadoop
Demonstrate independence, creativity, and initiative; as well as the ability to master the company's product architecture and its business goals
Experience in working in an Agile project management environment
Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills
Superb verbal and written communication skills
Location: San Jose, CA 95134

First Tech is not currently offering Visa sponsorship for this position",3.3,"First Tech Federal Credit Union
3.3","San Jose, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
133,Data Engineer,-1,"At Moser Consulting, a data engineer / bi engineer, performs advanced (senior-level) data analysis and data engineering work. Work involves leading initiatives to create data analytics-driven solutions for critical business objectives. This position represents the data management team to our business partners, and brings technical expertise to citizen BI and data analytics teams across the agency. Sr Consultants may supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgement. Consultants will have supervision and likely work with or under the direction of a Principal or Senior Consultant.
Works closely with customers regarding their specific data needs to develop the requirements for data subject areas needed.
Captures the inventory of data sources and dashboards to prepare and manage integrated data.
Acts as the IT knowledge leader on data warehousing and data analytics to the business.
Ensures data warehouse implementations meet business expectations and coordinates customer acceptance testing and training.
Ensures the customer can exploit the data warehouse solutions and helps identify additional possible uses of information; anticipates future needs and opportunities.
Assists in the identification and integration of potential new data sources.
Designs and develops ELT pipelines that extract data from various sources and load into the data warehouse or other systems.
Ensures that controls to verify the accuracy and consistency of data are implemented and monitored.
Provides ongoing operational support of the enterprise data warehouse, continued development and enhancement of the data warehouse, automation of daily data extracts and external system feeds, and development and enhancement of current dashboards.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer information systems, computer science, data management, information systems or information science or a related field.
High School diploma or equivalent and additional directly related experience may substitute for the required education on a year-for-year basis.
Six (6) years of experience in data warehouse, including dimensional modeling, ETL/ELT pipeline design & development, data management, data analysis, process measurement, and metrics management, or a related discipline.
Two (2) years of experience working closely with business analytics teams and data analysts, including PowerBI (or equivalent) experience with financial and accounting data.
Successful track record of Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse solution implementations (design, implementation, data visualization and ongoing support/maintenance) with extensive interaction with business users.
Emerging data and analytics technologies
Cloud platforms and development patterns
Relational and non-relational data structures, theories, principles, and practices.
Metadata management and associated processes.
Data encryption and secure transmission practices (SSL, SSH, SFTP, Certificates, PKI, OAUTH2).
Machine-learning, statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, predictive analytics.
Microsoft/Azure Certifications, Snowflake Certifications are beneficial.
Preferred Locations: Indianapolis, IN and Baltimore, MD
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
134,AI/ML Principal Solution Architect,"$87k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team

NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.

NIKE is a technology company. From our flagship website and five-star mobile apps to developing products, managing big data and providing leading edge engineering and systems support, our teams at NIKE Global Technology exist to revolutionize the future at the confluence of tech and sport. We invest and develop advances in technology and employ the most creative people in the world, and then give them the support to constantly innovate, iterate and serve consumers more directly and personally. Our teams are innovative, diverse, multidisciplinary and collaborative, taking technology into the future and bringing the world with it.

If you're ready to innovate and lead in the Solution Architecture space, join Nike’s Enterprise Architecture organization! You will be part of an organization that is revolutionizing Nike technology platforms and architecting a technology landscape that is simplified, modern, flexible and will ultimately enable Nike on its journey to 2020 and beyond.

The Principal Solution Architect will provide leadership in architectural planning and in driving solutions across multiple domains/ solution areas, contributing to the future success of the business through innovations in technology. A person in this role will be responsible for leading opportunity identification and analysis, problem definition, and overseeing the development and deployment of advanced analytic tools and methods within the Enterprise Architecture organization.

This role, along with engineering leaders within Analytics will lead and supply the definition of an overarching analytics strategy and architecture that will align analytics investments with the highest impact areas, while producing a suite of complementary models, tools, and technologies. The ideal candidate for this role will have a passion for all things data and analytics and an outstanding ability to provide strategic advantage for Nike through innovative solutions.

Responsibilities:
Evangelize break through AI/ML solutions, specifically passionate about consumer analytics, driving personalization for Nike consumers across a broad spectrum of experiences
Architect and design advanced analytics solutions to power marketing communication and segmentation
Guide engineering teams to build AI/ML foundational services such as fraud detection, automated tagging, and A/B testing
Partner with Product and Engineering leadership to build standard framework and patterns for feature engineering, model building, training, and serving
Participate in design and engineering of data science applications solutions that have significant strategic impact and achieve long term competitive advantage for Nike.
Accept and influence domain driven design and architecture principles of security, privacy, scale, uptime and reliability
Partner with business leaders to provide expert technical advice and influence strategic decision making
Guide and mentor engineering teams to raise collective technical expertise
Demonstrate a strong bias for architecture principles balanced with tactical timelines, cost and risks
Contribute to architecture guiding principles, development standards, training and hiring

Requirements for the Position include:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related subject area
3+ years in technology architect or engineering leadership roles
3+ years of experience in the field of Machine Learning, AI, Deep Learning
5+ years providing technical leadership to technical, business & multi-functional teams
7+ years in hands-on experience in software engineering with depth in data and analytics
Experience with model development, management, and deployment in production.
A solid understanding and experience managing high volume, variety and velocity data such as telemetry data from sensors, clickstream or unstructured data like images and speech.
Experience implementing AI/ML applications such as recommendations, forecasts, and sentiments
Solid experience in software development in languages like Java, Python etc. Experience working with RESTful API and streaming.
Strong understanding of data and analytics solution architecture, including experience with Big Data, Relational databases, real time and batch data processing.
Experience leading enterprise cloud/virtual architectures like AWS, Microsoft Azure, etc.
Demonstrated track record of leading within sophisticated organizations requiring strong influence leadership skills - ability to work in coordination with all levels in matrix environment
Exceptional collaboration, listening, written and verbal communication skills with ability to facilitate technology strategy, requirements and architecture conversations with all partners (management, business users, and technology resources)

NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.

NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.",4.1,"Nike
4.1","Beaverton, OR",-1,10000+ Employees,1972,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
135,Big Data / Storage Architect,"$74k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","odels based on the business reporting requirements

The role of Architect is within the Service Design & Architecture group of Refinitiv, based in St Louis, working with the Head of Service Architecture.

This group is responsible for the IaaS product and services required globally and the architectural integration to scale application across a hybrid multi-cloud strategy.
We are looking for an individual who has the technical expertise and leadership to encourage and influence technologists, set technology strategy for the business, partner with capability engineering to enable development, understand large enterprise principles and collaborate with multiple architecture offices to meet policy standards.

As well as a technical background, the ideal candidate will follow industry standard development frameworks incorporating planning, design, implementation, operation and optimization. And importantly, be able to effectively participate in multi-functional meetings, clearly articulate storage infrastructure capabilities and translate business requirements into technical requirements, and ultimately, into outcomes that are fit for purpose and use.

The role requires a technology business sense and leader with vision in key element(s) of the architecture, technology innovation, scalable design, analysis, research, engineering support and accurate implementation engineering information systems to meet agreed business needs. A liaison between the business and IT organization. Ensuring big data and storage architecture supports the execution of critical business applications and develops high-level continuance plans in the event of a lapse in the architectural infrastructure. Leads the balance between business and technology, provides consultancy into the project teams and defines the design and architecture governance function, signing off governance architecture / design against well-defined standards and best practices. The Architect may also be required to perform technical analysis, due diligence and recommendations for acquisition or strategic partnership targets, possibly leading efforts on smaller acquisitions.

Day to day responsibilities

The Big Data / Storage Architect will oversee Next Generation architecture while building a transformation bridge from the existing environments. The role involves the evolution and development of hardware and software life-cycles for all deployed Big Data and Storage elements across multiple vendors and infrastructure domains.

The Big Data / Storage Architect will participate in defining standards and policies as part of the standards board with Architecture.

Work with business teams and Product Managers to understand business requirements.
Standardize and perform data profiling using industry standard data profiling tools and SQL.
Architect, design, and build enterprise class relational and dimensional data models.
Creates scalable, extensible designs that are easy to implement and perform and follows architecture standards.
Design to support data streaming data, batch, real-time events and messages
Stay abreast of information management trends and standards, master data management, data services, self-service business intelligence, metadata management, data quality, and data governance.
RESTful API design to support data ingestion through events and messages.
Design Big Data platforms on-premise and on cloud platforms
Prepare visual diagrams of system architecture, functionality, and process flows.
Develop proofs-of-concept and prototypes to help illustrate approaches to technology and business problems
Providing storage consultation to the organization.
Responsible for contributing to the NG storage, virtualized storage and software defined storage products.
Knowledge on storage hardware technologies in file, block and object.
Knowledge of Storage Protocols such as CIFS/SMB/FC/iSCSI.
Knowledge Backup, DR and Cyber Storage

Basic Qualifications

Degree in Engineering or Computer Science and/or related experience
Working knowledge of a Programming Language (preferably Python)
Agile tools (Jira,GIT amongst other DevOps principles)
Minimum 3 years of progressive Data Architecture experience.
Experience in at least one RDBMS - Teradata, Oracle, SQL Server
Experience in at least one of the Data modeling tools - Erwin, Power Designer, or others
Enterprise Data Warehouse design experience
Enterprise Storage design experience
Experience with industry standard ETL Tools
Experience with Big Data platforms such as Hadoop, AWS and / or Azure ADLS
Strong SQL knowledge and ability to write and understand complex SQL
1-2 year of experience in AWS and / or Azure
Experience creating logical and physical data models based on the business reporting requirements
1+ year experience with designing RESTful API

We care about benefits too.

We support our colleagues’ wellbeing with inclusive benefits. So that's support for physical, financial, mental and environmental health, paid time off to volunteer, consumer discounts & savings and so much more. All of which are tailored to your needs and may vary by location. For more details talk to your recruiter.

Our fast paced and supportive environment is only possible due to determined, autonomous problem solvers who love our high performance culture. And as a global business, Refinitiv relies on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. So we seek hardworking, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Refinitiv is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace.

Refinitiv makes reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If an accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact us to request an accommodation.

Be the breakthrough, activate your future and shape ours.",3.6,"Refinitiv
3.6","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
136,"Big Data Architect, Hadoop & AWS (Remote/Contract)","$92k-$154k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About the Role...

We are looking for thought leader for our Architecture Consulting Practice. In this role, you will have opportunity to envision the future and create a roadmap and provide technical leadership for our clients to use the latest technologies to achieve their business goals. You will mentor, and coach others to grow their skills and deepen their understanding of the rapidly evolving technology landscape.

This role calls for an individual who can assess, design, implement and communicate technology architectures to both technical and non-technical audiences. Projects can span a wide range of project types from relatively simple projects to cutting edge research projects. A key aspect of this role is your ability to explain solutions for complex problems to dev leads and senior non-technical leadership. Design, build, and deliver the required architecture following governance requirements. Provide guidance to evolve our standards over time and ensure that our technology standards are followed. Perform an architecture QA role during proposal phases through all subsequent on-going project phases. Provide support with estimating during all appropriate phases.

About You...
Deep knowledge in at least two different technologies: SQL, Mongo DB, Dynamo DB, Lambda, Redshift.
Experience architecting and implementing production grade BI solutions.
Experience in setting up infrastructure within one of the following cloud providers (AWS, GCE, Azure).
Experience developing client facing documents: architecture diagrams, requirements, specs, data lineage, data dictionary.
Deep experience in data modeling, data analysis, and relational database design.
Ability to work under pressure and to independently handle multiple projects and deadlines.
An undergraduate degree in technology or business is required
Experience working with large volumes of marketing data.
Data warehouse implementation experience.
Experience working with customer data.
Experience with Master data management, Metadata management is a plus.
AWS Solutions Architect Associate Certification is a big plus.
Qualifications…
Bachelor's degree in an appropriate field from an accredited college/university.
A minimum of 8 years of consulting experience with a technology/business consulting firm, including a track record of driving major IT-related business change.
Architect end-to-end BI solutions for our major clients in Greater Seattle Area.
Develop modern BI solutions as a team lead.
Understand client’s needs and transform them into the project vision.
Excellent foundation of consulting skills: analytical, written and verbal communication, strong executive presence, facilitation and presentation skills
About Us...

Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest-growing consulting firms. We hire remarkable people to create simple, efficient solutions for complex problems.

Although we make it look like magic, our success is due to our approach (methodical and structured) and the people we hire (smart, motivated, and team oriented). Together, these enable us to consistently exceed client expectations—and our reputation is growing.

For the past five years, we’ve placed in the top ten of Seattle Business magazine’s “Best Companies to Work For”. From engaged leadership and wide-ranging benefits to career mentorship and diverse internal opportunities, we pride ourselves on being one of the best companies to work with and work for.

We hire people that are self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working individually and as part of a team. Our work is high-energy and demanding, but new hires will quickly feel at home among colleagues as friendly and focused as they are. We bring our best to every opportunity, driving change in industries across the West Coast. Join us and you can, too.

Compensation & Benefits...


We offer competitive compensation, medical, dental, vision and basic life insurance. Solution Architect will be a full-time, salaried employee who will accrue company holidays and annual paid time off.

One of the most important benefits is the opportunity to work in an incredibly exciting and rapidly growing firm. The best part is that we are a group of highly dedicated and competent professionals that deliver results and have fun along the way.",3.5,"Logic20/20
3.5","Seattle, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
137,Lead Data Architect,"$74k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Group Highlights

Civilian, State and Local

Perspecta’s Civilian, State and Local segment partners with the U.S. Federal Civilian State and Local governments to provide infrastructure services, business solutions, and digital transformation services that help them achieve policy objectives and integrate citizen-centric services.

Responsibilities

Perspecta has an immediate need for a Lead Data Architect to support consolidation and modernization of several large systems on a federal contract;

Summary:

The Lead Data Architect is responsible for Designing strategies for enterprise database systems and setting standards for operations, programming, and security. He or she designs and constructs large relational databases, has in depth knowledge in data modeling and database design and architecture; builds, optimizes, and maintains conceptual and logical database models. Integrates new systems with existing warehouse structure and refines system performance and functionality; develops strategies for enterprise data management and data governance.

The Lead Data Architect shall have the following qualifications:

Experience developing and managing enterprise database systems.
Demonstrated significant experience migrating data from legacy applications to new system solutions and keeping the data accessed by both the legacy applications and the new systems accurate and in sync throughout a phased migration of system functionality from legacy applications to new system solution.
Demonstrated experience with relational and non-relational databases.
Demonstrated experience building enterprise wide transactional applications.
Demonstrated experience managing data quality.

Qualifications

Requires BA/BS with at least 10 years of experience with at least 7 years in lead Data Architect capacity.
Ability to get Public Trust Clearance

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).",3.3,"Perspecta
3.3","Washington, DC",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
138,E-Commerce Catalog Excel and Alteryx Data Manager,"Employer Provided Salary:
$25-$35 Per Hour","Company in Malibu needs a manager for our 1.5 Million products we distribute via E-commerce websites. Youe daily roll will be to manage and modify product data that we offer for sale. Candidate must have a great attitude, be highly organized and proficient in Excel and Alteryx and most importantly be a reliable, hard worker. This person must like data management and excel spreadsheets to enjoy this position. If you hate Excel you will hate this job. If you are good with excel and Alteryx l you will thrive with this job.
On a daily basis this candidate will be assisting our Government Contracts Manager by formatting and pricing products in excel and ensuring the product offering abides by government procurement guidelines. Pay will be around $25-35 an hour or 50k-70k per year depending on skill set with oppertunity for year end bonus and career growth.

Please do not apply if you are not an Expert in Excel and Alteryx. Before we interview we will give a ""test"" and we do not want to waste your time!",3.0,"DIVINE IMAGING
3.0","Malibu, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
139,Senior Data Engineer (2 Openings),-1,"Why Should You Join First Advantage?

First Advantage is in the midst of a technology revolution, and the best time to join us is right now! We are developing incredible solutions, working with amazing customers, and we would love to see how your skills could help get people back to work. Our brand new Data team is recruiting several passionate people in greater metropolitan areas across the Central and Eastern time zones (namely Chicago, Atlanta, Charlotte, Austin, Boston, Houston, Columbus, Tampa, etc) in the US! This opportunity is for remote work, with occasional travel to our Atlanta office.

First Advantage has over 4000 employees across the world and does over 71 million background screens a year, so if you’re looking for opportunities working with advanced technologies to produce awesome user experiences and securely process high-volume transactions leveraging massive amounts of data, then this is the place for you!

We work with Fortune 100 and Global 500 hundred companies, so your work will directly impact some of the largest enterprises in the world!

We need talent that is Informed, Insightful, Transformational, and Progressive

We’re looking for two Sr Data Engineers! You’re our ideal candidate if you 5+ years of strong experience and expertise with SQL, 3+ years of experience working with Python, Hive/Hadoop, and Apache Spark (RStudio is a plus), and you have strong data analytics and troubleshooting skills. The Sr Data Engineers manage the complex data flow across multiple Enterprise systems and will be working with business and technical teams to load data from various internal and external sources to FADV data warehouses and DataLake systems hosted from on premise or cloud. We’re looking for someone who can do the deeply analytical work, and knows how to code. If you meet those requirements, and have experience working with integration software packages like Oracle Data Integrator or Mulesoft, you could be a great fit!

Our brand new Data team have the opportunity to build a game-changing solution from the ground up, and that solution will drive the next generation of background screening. Joining our team right now is an incredible opportunity to be on the ground floor of our technology transformation, and will give you a chance to make a real difference!

Minimum Requirements
Minimum of 5 years of strong experience and expertise with SQL
Minimum of 3+ years of experience working with Python, Hive/Hadoop, Apache Spark. RStudio is a Plus
Strong communication skills and creative skills
Strong data analytics and troubleshooting skills
Preferred Requirements
RStudio, and experience with data integration software packages like Oracle Data Integrator or Mulesoft
Strong working experience in an OEM product company that with variety of integrated customer base
Experience with programming languages like Java/.NET
Strong experience in Relations Database and Big Data analytics
Knowledge of other BI tools like Oracle Business Intelligence, SQL Server Reporting, Cognos
Experience with machine learning models (neural, bayesian, clustering algorithms, decision tree, supervised learning, unsupervised learning)",3.5,"First Advantage Corporation
3.5",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
140,Project Manager / Enterprise Architect,"$125k-$191k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This position will be located in Charlotte, North Carolina.

The Project Manager / Enterprise Architect is responsible for the creation, communication and improvement of the key principles, methods and models that describe the enterprise’s future state and enable its evolution. The Project Manager / Enterprise Architect defines a holistic view and roadmap of the company’s technology strategy and processes while partnering with both business and technology groups to ensure that the proposed technical solutions align with the company’s overall objectives, mission and vision. The position requires a strong business acumen and an in-depth knowledge and understanding of SAP software, how it relates to company business processes and how it integrates with other software in the environment.

Duties & Responsibilities
Proactively interacts with CIO, Senior IT Leadership, business partners and IT at all stages of lifecycle to design solutions, influence strategy, align and prioritize projects to architecture priorities and drives architecture driven investments.
Manages the development of future state business area architectures in an organized and cohesive manner using enterprise architecture frameworks, working proactively to create business competitive advantage, focus on cost, and maximize design.
Considers the long-term consequences for the enterprise when choosing a technical direction, proposing a technology investment, harmonization of the environments, simplification opportunities or advising a business leader on strategic issues.
Guides business area architecture gap analysis, including impact, ROI, time to benefit, alignment to strategic business needs, and roadmap to address expected changes.
Develops architectural standards and roadmaps. Ensures that designed or reviewed solutions conform to architectural requirements such as scalability, maintainability, reliability, extensibility, usability and security.
Conducts feasibility studies, producing high-level business models, preparing business cases, taking into account as necessary any implications of systems considered.
Provides guidance to domain architects in the development of architectures for complex systems, ensuring consistency with specified requirements agreed with both external, and internal customers.
Leads opportunity discovery efforts including business case development, project scoping, organization, estimating, resource planning; assess, document and communicate project risks.
Manages relationships with project stakeholders at all levels, including internal and external clients, keeping stakeholders informed of progress and issues in order to manage expectations on all project requirements and deliverables.
Conducts project planning activities and manages the execution of multiple large scale, high risk, or strategic projects according to plan.
Manages and communicates a clear vision of the project’s objectives, and motivate the project team to achieve them.
Proactively identify changes in work scope and ensure appropriate planning measures are taken with internal and external stakeholders to reassess and amend the scope of work requirements, budget and timeline.
Manages the financial aspects of projects: budgeting and estimate to actual variance.
Required Qualifications
15+ years of equivalent experience in information technology;
Broad and in-depth understanding in SAP modules
Knowledge of enterprise architecture, program and practices, along with strong communication and problem-solving skills, are all required in order to effectively coach domain and solution architects.
Experience managing the development of architectural standards and road maps.
Proven experience across multiple business areas, and multiple technologies with well-rounded background in applications, software, databases, middleware, etc.
Evangelist for a bigger picture strategy, integrating the business and technological vision, connecting the dots across business needs, technologies, processes, and information.
Proven experience with future state architecture, taking business to the next level, creating competitive advantage to the business. Proven experience laying out technology roadmap connecting the dots with business needs.
Proven experience leading mid-size, complex scale projects.

Preferred qualifications:

Preferred 2+ years of experience in Enterprise Architecture
Enterprise Architecture certified or equivalent experience using industry standards such as TOGAF or Zachman preferred.
Proven experience in application rationalization efforts, maximizing current investment and optimizing process complexity.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field
Competencies preferred
Influencing: Demonstrates clear leadership and the ability to influence and persuade. Develops influential relationships with internal and external customers/suppliers/partners at senior management level, including industry leaders. Makes decisions which impact the work of employing organizations, achievement of organizational objectives and financial performance.
Business and Technical Accumen: Inherent business acumen with an in depth understanding of SAP Solutions, IT strategy and mill product industry best practices. Absorbs complex technical information and communicates effectively at all levels to both technical and non-technical audiences. Assesses and evaluates risk. Understands the implications of new technologies. Has a broad understanding of all aspects of IT and deep understanding of EA. Understands and communicates the role and impact of IT in the employing organization and promotes compliance with relevant legislation. Takes the initiative to keep both own and domain architect skills up to date and to maintain an awareness of developments in the IT industry.
Strategic Thinking: Keeping overall objectives and strategies in mind, and not being deflected by matters of detail.
Analytical Thinking: Acquiring a proper understanding of a problem or situation by breaking it down systematically into its component parts and identifying the relationships between these parts, selecting the appropriate method/tool to resolve the problem and reflecting on the result, such that learning is identified and absorbed.
Complexity: Performs highly complex work activities covering technical, financial and quality aspects. Contributes to the formulation and implementation of IT strategy. Creatively applies a wide range of technical and/or management principles.
Planning: Ability to plan and manage implementation of processes and procedures, tools and practices guarantying best run of enterprise architecture, in respect of simplifying, optimizing and creating competitive advantage align to business goals and its expectations. Monitors performance and takes corrective action where necessary.
Ability to multi-task and switch between tasks quickly and smoothly.
Solid presentation skills, ability to effectively influence.
A strong desire to learn and expand their leadership skills.
Able to work autonomously and exhibit excellent judgment.
Must display vision and resiliency.

If you are interested in this role, please apply through Glatfelter’s website to be considered. Please do not reach out to executives or individuals directly. Thank you.

EOE/Vet/Disability/AA Employer",2.7,"Glatfelter
2.7","Charlotte, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1864,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
141,Senior Data Engineer - PCCI,"$65k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Interested in a career with both meaning and growth? Whether your abilities are in direct patient care or one of the many other areas of healthcare administration and support, everyone at PCCI works together to fulfill our mission: the health and well-being of individuals and communities entrusted to our care. By joining PCCi, you become part of a diverse healthcare legacy that’s served our community for more than 125 years. Put your skills to work with us, seek opportunities to learn and join a talented team where patient care is more than a job. It’s our passion.

Primary Purpose: Parkland Center for Clinical Innovation (PCCI) is an independent, not-for-profit, health care intelligence organization. We leverage ML+AI, clinical expertise, and social determinants of health to better support under-served individuals and vulnerable populations across diverse communities. It is our firm belief that thoughtful application of digital tools and technologies helps communities get better connected to the care and resources that they need. This reduces health inequity and enables individuals to be more engaged and empowered regarding their health and well-being. One of the foundations of our work is a well-managed, high quality and high performing data system that includes our data ingestion and cleaning framework, data lake, and databases. As a data engineer, you will be responsible for ensuring that the data that we ingest from various sources, including claims, clinical and social determinants of health are ingested and cleaned appropriately, and are stored using appropriate data modeling principles. You will have an opportunity to do this in a mission-driven, fast-paced environment where your work will have an immediate impact on cutting edge analytics being deployed for clinical and operational use cases. This is a hands-on technical role that is responsible for data warehousing and business intelligence, with emphasis on data analytics (descriptive, predictive and prescriptive) through the entire project lifecycle.

Education Must have a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Engineering or another engineering field.

Experience 3+ years database administration or data engineering experience required preferably on Microsoft technology stack Experience with designing and developing create high performance, extensible data models/database structures for enterprise applications , preferably in healthcare/life-sciences industry. Experience with backups, restores and recovery models Knowledge of High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for database servers Experience working with cloud environments preferable Microsoft Azure Security setup, configuration, concepts, techniques and tools. Indexes configuration, concepts, techniques and tools.

Equivalent Education and/or Experience NA

Certification/Registration/Licensure Required Tests for Placement NA

Skills or Special Abilities Strong SQL programming skills Strong understanding of data modeling and enterprise database concepts Familiarity with a dashboarding tool like Power BI, Tableau Working knowledge of a programming language like Python Strong communication skills Azure and SQL Server certifications a plus

Parkland Health and Hospital System prohibits discrimination based on age (40 or over), race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, disability, national origin, marital status, political belief, or veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Dallas
Nearest Secondary Market: Fort Worth
Job Segment:
Patient Care, Healthcare Administration, Healthcare",4.5,"Parkland Center for Clinical Innovation
4.5","Dallas, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Nonprofit Organization,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
142,Java/Data Engineer,"$43k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Java Developer – Contract – Buffalo, NY

We have a very hot opportunity! One of our clients is looking for an experienced Java Developer. This person will be helping with implementing Client Data Synchronization workflows.

Example:

We have a bunch of client data files and need to use our framework to ETL them into our platform database models. Tech stack would be:

Java
Spring (Spring Boot, Spring Cloud Data Flow)
SQL Experience – strong Relational Database knowledge
Web services creations

IND123",4.1,"Systems Personnel
4.1","Buffalo, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
143,Infrastructure Architect,"$91k-$158k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Mastronardi Produce pioneered the commercial greenhouse industry in North America, and we’re now the leading greenhouse vegetable company on the continent. Our award-winning, flavorful produce is packed under the SUNSET® brand and is available at leading grocery retailers across North America. Family owned for over 65 years, we pride ourselves on having the most flavorful products and the best people in the industry. We are constantly pushing boundaries to be a leader in fresh produce innovation. We seek individuals that demonstrate our PRIDE values (Passion, Respect, Innovation, Drive, Excellence) to help us fulfill our mission to inspire healthy living through WOW flavor experiences.

We are currently seeking an Infrastructure Architect to join our Information Technology team. The essential function of this position is t is to establish and implement efficient design, standards and operation of the company’s network, servers, databases and security environments.

This role can be located at either of our 2 Main offices (Kingsville, ON or Livonia, Michigan)

To perform the job successfully, the incumbent’s behavior must be consistent with the PRIDE values expected of all Mastronardi Produce employees: be Passionate; have Respect; be Innovative; be Driven and strive for Excellence.

The IT Infrastructure Architect’s role is to establish and implement efficient design, standards and operation of the company’s network, servers, databases and security environments. This includes being responsible for working with vendors and the internal team to ensure monitoring and performance against service levels, diagnosing network and hardware problems. The IT Infrastructure Architect will also work closely with internal decision makers, project teams and partners in order to identify, recommend, develop, implement, and support cost-effective technology solutions for all aspects of the organization.

Strategy & Planning

Design and implement long-term strategic goals and short-term tactical plans for managing and maintaining corporate technology and services.
Ensure that proposed and existing systems architectures are aligned with organizational goals and objectives.
Provide architectural expertise, direction, and assistance to vendors, partners and internal teams.
Develop, document, and communicate plans for investing in Infrastructure and systems architecture, including analysis of cost benefits and reduction opportunities.
Conduct research on emerging technologies in support of the overall Infrastructure and systems development efforts. Recommend technologies that will increase cost effectiveness and systems flexibility.
Develop and implement required functional policies and procedures, including those for network, server and storage architecture, standards, purchasing, and service provision.

Acquisition & Deployment

Where applicable, design, develop, and oversee implementation of end-to-end integrated systems.
Document the company’s existing systems architecture and technology portfolio; make recommendations for improvements and/or alternatives.
Review new and existing system design projects and procurement or outsourcing plans for compliance with standards and architectural plans.
Develop business case justifications and cost/benefit analyses for IT spending and initiatives.
Recommend purchase of equipment and supplies in order to meet operational requirements of the business.
Analyze existing operations and make recommendations for the improvement and growth of the network infrastructure and IT systems.
Conduct research and remain current with the latest technologies and solutions in support of procurement efforts.

Operational Management

Confer with end-users, clients, or senior management to define business requirements for complex systems and infrastructure development.
Model business and systems processes based on findings through use case scenarios, workflow diagrams, and data models.
Develop and execute test plans to check infrastructure and systems technical performance. Report on findings and make recommendations for improvement.
Develop and manage a systems capacity plan.
Develop, document, communicate, and enforce a policy for standardizing systems and software as necessary.
Oversee recommended technology and operation improvement projects.

Formal Education & Certification

University degree in the field of computer science or information systems and 6 plus years related work experience.
Technical certifications in multiple areas is desired.

Knowledge & Experience

Strong technical knowledge of server operating systems, including VMware, Windows OS, Microsoft server, Microsoft Active Directory and Microsoft Exchange email systems and Microsoft SQL Server environments.
Strong technical knowledge of current telecom, network hardware, protocols, and LAN/WAN standards, including Cisco, Barracuda as well as a working knowledge of administering Cisco ASA Firewall System, Cisco Secure ACS (Access Control Server), and Cisco MARS (Monitoring Analysis and Reporting System), Cisco IOS.
Application support experience with mission critical large scale systems such as ERP, Data Warehouse, Email environments.
Proven experience in IT infrastructure architecture and planning / development.
Excellent understanding of the organization’s goals and objectives.
In-depth knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws.
Strong understanding of infrastructure management principles, practices, and procedures.
Strong understanding of project management principles.

Personal Attributes

Strong leadership skills.
Excellent written and oral communication skills as well as proficient in the use of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and Powerpoint)
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Ability to conduct and direct research into IT issues and products as required.
Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language.
Ability to perform general mathematical calculations for the purpose of creating business cases, budgets, and so on.
Highly self-motivated and directed.
Keen attention to detail.
Proven analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities.
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
Exceptional customer service orientation.
Extensive experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.

Work Conditions
On-call availability for 24x7 for emergency support situations.
Some off hour scheduled maintenance work to perform production system changes.",3.1,"Mastronardi Produce
3.1","Livonia, MI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1954,Company - Private,Food Production,Agriculture & Forestry,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
144,Senior Big Data Engineer,"$72k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Ascend Learning is a national leader in data driven, online educational solutions for learners, educators and employers in high-growth, licensure-driven professions spanning healthcare, fitness and wellness, skilled trades, insurance and financial services. We are passionate about accelerating learning while impacting job readiness, employment success and employee retention with the belief that our work changes lives.

Our culture is intentionally results-driven and selfless with a relentless focus on our customers. We believe in trust, transparency, freedom and responsibility with a commitment to meritocracy, inclusion and diversity of thought. Continual investment in our over 1400 employees is also a core principal realized through ongoing professional development and providing opportunities to grow, develop and lead. Ascend Learning is headquartered in Burlington, MA with additional office locations and remote workers in cities across the U.S. and in the U.K.

Job Overview

Ascend Learning is hiring a Sr. Big Data Engineer. This is a remote opportunity. This Engineer is responsible for leading a small team of Big Data Engineers and providing hands-on guidance for delivering actionable insights. This Engineer will work closely with agile engineering teams.

Responsibilities
Build and maintain data infrastructure and pipelines to support data and analytics, including quality, governance, lifecycle management, and compliance.
Create processes frameworks, design and implementation of large scale data migration and data processing on Kafka, Spark, Hadoop and related platforms using parallel processing programming techniques.
Partner with data scientists to build an infrastructure/pipeline to collect and analyze data.
Build tools for data scientists to access and use the platform.
Analyze large amounts of data and help derive insights and value from them.
Stay on top of evolving technology (streaming, etc.) to suggest, prototype and implement improvements to the data architecture.
Mentor junior members of the data and analytics teams.
Skills and Abilities
Commitment to best software engineering practices (unit testing, code reviews etc.) and agile process.
Desire to bring disclosure and transparency to both business and IT and grow to grow trust among partners.
Ability to facilitate discussion at the team level and facilitate alternatives or different approaches.
Be a team player who protects the scrum team while also providing unbiased transparency on progress.
Ability to bring the creative ideas of others to market.
Ability to function effectively during ambiguous tasks.
Ability to own tasks outside of immediate scope of responsibility.
Technical aptitude to partner with development teams.
Analytical thinker and problem solver.
Detail oriented with a strong focus on quality.
Strong written communication skills.
Requirements
5+ years of programming language experience required, preferably in Java.
5-7 years of strong system design/development experience in building large scale distributed systems and products.
3 to 5 years of Hands-on experience in building scalable data pipelines at multi-terabyte scale using big data technologies like Kafka, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Streaming technologies (Storm, Spark Streaming, Kafka Streams etc.) HBase / Cassandra, Zookeeper, and Oozie.
3+ years of experience using data management tools, including SQL/DBMS and NoSQL technologies like HBASE, Cassandra, Elastic Search is required.
Troubleshooting: The candidate must be able to engage in solving complex problems. Programming problems are a good example.
Linux/Unix and system administration: Advanced Linux knowledge is a must. Understanding of shell, debugging things etc. The candidate should be able to get their way around Linux and get things to work.
Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering is required.
Knowledge of machine learning/distributed systems is preferred.
Ascend Learning, LLC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (M/F/Vets/Disabled). No agency or search firm submissions will be accepted. Applications for U.S. based positions with Ascend Learning, LLC must be legally authorized to work in the United States and verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.",3.5,"Ascend Learning
3.5","Denver, CO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Education Training Services,Education,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
145,Data Engineer,-1,"You can make a salary. Or you can make a difference. Or you can work as a Data Engineer at Herman Miller and make both.

About this Opportunity
As a Data Engineer, you'll move and integrate data across multiple disparate systems. You will clean, normalize, and aggregate Herman Miller corporate reporting and analytics. You'll also provide support to functional areas by acting as expert in tools and methods for accessing, analyzing, and reporting corporate data.

What You'll Do
You'll have opportunities to speak up, solve problems, lead others, and be an owner every day as you...
Assist end users in reporting and analysis tools.
Collaborate with Analytics and Business Teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increase data accessibility, and foster data-driven decision making across the organization.
Define company data assets (data models).
Design data integrations and data quality framework.
Develop and maintain scalable data pipelines and build out new API integrations to support continuing increases in data volume and complexity.
Implement processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for the key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Perform data analysis to troubleshoot data-related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.
Work closely with a team of Application Developers, Architects, and Analysts.
Work closely with all Business Units and Software teams to develop strategy for long-term data platform architecture.
Write unit/integration tests and document work.
Perform additional responsibilities as requested to achieve business objectives.
Sound Like You?
You might be just who we’re looking for if you have...
A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.
Fully proficient retail and online retail data engineering abilities, typically gained through five years of working with Python/Java, SQL, working schema design, and dimensional data modeling.
At least five years of experience, or and equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems.
Experience working with cloud services and cloud data warehouses.
Experience with Snowflake, Matillion, Tableau, Business Objectives, and Net Suite (desirable).
The ability to manage and communicate data warehouse plans to internal clients.
Expert knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service.
Experience with or knowledge of Agile Software Development methodologies.
Advanced problem-solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to identify and solve complex business needs.
The ability to be process-oriented with great documentation skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of customer service.
The ability to perform all essential job functions of the position with or without accommodations.
Who We Are
At Herman Miller, our unique culture represents the collective attitudes, ideas, and experiences of the people who work here. We focus on protecting the environment, impacting our communities, exceeding the expectations of our customers through high quality products, and championing diversity in all areas of the business, and together we are on a journey toward a better world. We support the well-being of our employees in and outside of work by providing a variety of opportunities including award-winning work-life integration resources, development programs, complex health and wellness offerings, and much more.

Herman Miller is a globally recognized provider of furnishings and related technologies and services. Headquartered in West Michigan, we have relied on innovative design for over 100 years to solve problems for people wherever they work, live, learn, and heal.

Herman Miller is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer including veterans and people with disabilities.

Apply Now!",3.8,"Herman Miller
3.8",United States,-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1905,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
146,Data Modeler,"$64k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","BICP, a market leader in BI&A and Cloud Transformation, is looking to hire a Sr. Data Modeler / Data Architect to support a multi-year enterprise modernization effort at our longstanding Fortune 500 Consumer Products client in Long Island City, NY. We currently have a team on-site supporting multiple groups with their drive to deploy NextGen platforms and applications capable of powering real time analytics. The Data Modeler/Architect will be part of a new squad focused primarily on delivering new functionality associated with Finance analytics. Ideal consultant will have at least 5 years Data Modeling experience and, in general, be familiar with a variety of techniques to consume and process large data volumes/datasets.

Ideal candidate will have experience with name based architecture, domain definitions and deep data warehouse expertise (Teradata, SQL Server, DB2 etc). The mapping effort will involve numerous data sources touching a variety of data including Finance, Supply Chain, Procurement and HR. Ideal consultant will have prior experience supporting cloud based, analytics driven transformation efforts from legacy to NextGen platforms (Azure). The key areas of responsibility include the following:
Responsibilities: *
Help define and develop architecture for integration into client's analytics ecosystem Assist in defining the client's architecture from Logical to Physical layers.
Provide solution expertise to cross functional delivery teams and domain Product Owners.
Work with Product Owners to scope projects and conceptualize project plan.
Provide architecture thought leadership and actively participate in the design, implementation, and roll-out efforts.
Nice to Have: *
Experience developing solutions in Snowflake Experience with workload automation tools
Knowledge of data visualization and reporting tools
About BICP*
BICP is a leading-edge consulting firm focused on delivering innovative and transformative BI&A, Advanced Analytics and Big Data solutions to our customers. With deep experience across a diverse ecosystem of NextGen platforms, Analytics and Data Science applications we have the required product ambiguity and expertise to deliver truly best in breed solutions customized to our client’s specific business needs.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
Data Modeling: 5 years (Required)
SAP: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Long Island City, NY 11101 (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"BICP
5.0","Long Island City, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2009,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
147,Cloud Data Architect,-1,"We are a company of passionate individuals striving to improve healthcare and patient experiences. Our evidence-based medical content and software tools empower both payers and providers to make the best decisions for patients. Our work makes a difference in the quality of care that hundreds of thousands of patients receive each day and we're proud of our positive impact.

MCG is looking for a highly motivated, technology expert in Cloud Data Platform Solutions. In this role, you'll design the state-of-art data sciences driven data roadmap as part of our new data strategy. You will work closely with the architecture team and influence the technical direction of MCG solutions on data and analytics initiatives working collaboratively with product owners, managers and engaging with business users. You will build, own and oversee the overall data architecture across all products. You'll be responsible for keeping the pulse of the market, anticipating where it's heading, and influencing the technology and vision at MCG in order to continue improving patient care as the space evolves.

As a Data Architect at MCG, you will be responsible for driving innovation, data strategy and architecture across a wide range of new and existing capabilities. You will develop, optimize and oversee conceptual and logical data architecture and integrations across multiple internal and external products. You will collaborate closely with enterprise architecture, engineering, data and analytics teams to design and implement business-critical enterprise data solutions. The ideal candidate will have proven expertise in data analysis, data modeling and data engineering with significant experience advocating solutions in cloud-native real-time data management platforms. The successful Architect will be able to drive high priority data initiatives using Azure and AWS. The role will also extend into some Advanced Analytics and Artificial Intelligence concepts.

In this role you will:
Be the technical expert in designing solutions for data platform and AI roadmaps, overseeing deployment of long term strategic data products and infusing key data and analytics services in applicable areas of business and IT
Build cloud native microservices architecture for data with focus on IaaS, metadata driven frameworks and dataops
Design, build and own data models, data flows, and integration patterns for the data lake leading to completion of future state model
Support data engineers in building and managing conceptual, logical and physical models of data architecture
Build high priority prototypes in a cloud platform and demonstrate value and feasibility of the solutions and architecture
Be involved in all project phases and drive data architecture initiatives
Holistically look at the Healthcare technology market and our product suite to determine where the industry is heading and ensure MCG is moving in the right direction
Work closely with the MCG's Architecture and Product Management teams to inform the direction of our roadmap
Engage with strategic customers and ensure their future needs and vision are top of mind
Closely follow and influence the healthcare technology space as a thought leader through research, writing and attending or presenting at conferences
Share your findings internally and externally, and spread the word about what MCG is doing to support patient care with technology
We'd love to hear from you if:
You have roughly ten years of hands-on experience in architecting solutions at scale for data engineering
You possess solid experience building solutions and services in Azure/AWS cloud platforms [stack includes but not limited to : (e.g. ADF, Big Data, Data Lake, Azure Databricks, Azure ML, Synapse Analytics, Cognitive Services, EMR, Glue, Redshift, Sagemaker, Airflow, Snowflake, Containers, PowerBI etc.)
You have experience designing data structures and models for a microservices environment, data lake and cloud data warehouses and supporting downstream applications based on Tableau, PowerBI and ML models
You have experience with big data platforms, SQL & no SQL databases
You are comfortable working within a scaled agile program and collaborating with product managers in creating and managing technical backlog of stories and epics
You are proficient in scripting languages Python, Spark and R
You have experience with orchestration and automation of data pipelines to build devops model
You have a strong background in healthcare technology and understand both payer and provider business models
You are familiar with enterprise healthcare systems and EHRs, and how they integrate with other products and solutions
You are strong communicator individually, in groups and in presentations with a vision for how technology can enable and improve healthcare
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity, and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. It is only with diverse thoughts and ideas that we'll be able to create the change we want in healthcare. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be for it.",4.6,"MCG Health
4.6",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
148,Data Engineer Senior,"$68k-$126k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Associated Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We support a work environment where colleagues are respected and given the opportunity to perform to their fullest potential. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. Applicants with a disability who need assistance applying for a position with Associated Bank are asked to email: careers@associatedbank.com

Job Summary
The Data Engineer Senior is responsible for ingesting, transforming, and preparing data for consumption by our various lines of business. This will include designing complex data solutions, working with business lines to understand needs, documenting, building, and testing the solutions. This will require ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) development and data analysis skills using SQL and/or scripting tools. Incumbent will collaborate with other teams in Operations & Technology, including Software Engineering, Enterprise Architecture, and Infrastructure teams as well as our support teams. The Data Engineer Senior will assist the Data Architects in developing standards and best practices across the team. The role will ensure proper handoffs to the DataOps team to ensure proper support and maintainability, as well as be available for support remediation and troubleshooting. Position will be responsible for building and maintaining our advanced analytics capabilities (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) as well as mentor other Data Engineers on our team.

Job Accountabilities

Develop and maintain advanced analytics capabilities (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning).
Ingest, transform, and prepare data for consumption by our various lines of business.
Work with the lines of business on reporting, data visualizations and overall data consumption.
Mentor Data Engineers and team members.
Collaborate with other teams in Operations & Technology, including Software Engineering, Enterprise Architecture, and Infrastructure teams as well as our support teams.
Manage the handoffs to DataOps team to ensure proper support and maintainability, as well as be available for support remediation and troubleshooting.
Create standards and best practices.

Education

Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience Mathematics, Computer Science, MIS, Data Science, Analytics, or related. Required
Experience
5-7 years ETL/ELT experience (SSIS, Informatica, DataStage, etc). Experience working with complex structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data. Expert SQL knowledge and analytical skills. Exposure to modern data/analytics architecture (Big Data, Cloud, etc.). AI/Machine Learning advanced analytics tools (Python, R, etc). Required

Compliance Statement
Fully complies with all applicable enterprise policies and procedures. Acts in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations as outlined in training materials, including but not limited to Bank Secrecy Act. Responsible for reporting suspicious activity to Financial Intelligence. Responsible to report all customer complaints as prescribed and procedure violations to management or HR. Responsible to report ethical concerns as needed to Associated’s anonymous Ethics Hotline.

Associated Bank is committed to working diligently with any colleague who needs an accommodation perform the essential functions of the job. Please contact the Leaves & Accommodations office to request an accommodation.",3.9,"Associated Bank
3.9","Milwaukee, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1870,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
149,Solution Architect - RF-SMART for NetSuite,"$79k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Solution Architect
Jacksonville, FL or Denver, CO

We Exist to Transform our Customers and Change Lives

If you are crazy for your customers and want to be part of a high performing team - apply now!

Summary:
The Solution Architect works with customers and required team members to gather functional requirements and translate them into a workable software solution.

Love Where You Work: Shankar, Solutions Architect, chose RF-SMART because ""An organization is known by the people working there. After doing a bit of research, RF-SMART came across as a fine example of what a healthy office environment should be. Everyone I met was happy and proud.""

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Gather functional requirements with implementation and sales teams, prospects, and customers to understand client expectations and gaps
Develop functional and system design specifications for modifications
Assist development and support teams troubleshooting systems issues
Review and edit requirements, specifications, business processes, and recommendations related to proposed solution(s)
Quickly understand business issues and data challenges of client’s organization and industry
Keep communication with customers on development progress and delivery
Communicate specifications and change requests to development team and ensure specifications are met
Assist with unit testing
Manage change requests, determine impact, and negotiate changes
Perform unit and integration testing as needed
Prepare Change Orders for designed modifications
Assist in prioritizing work for development team

Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience required
4-6 years of experience in the field or in a related area

Job Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Familiar with a variety of the field’s concepts, practices, and procedures
Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent presentation skills
Documentation experience writing Business/Function/Technical Requirement Documents
NetSuite ERP experience
Must have ability to translate functional requirements into software solutions
Willing to travel

Employer does not sponsor applicants for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status).

General Information:
The above noted job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities that may be assigned, but rather to give personnel so classified a general sense of the responsibilities and expectations of the job. As the nature of business demands change so, too, may the essential functions of this specific position and/or the skills and abilities required. RF-SMART is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer.",4.6,"RF-SMART, a division of ICS
4.6","Jacksonville, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
150,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"We are always looking for new talent to join us in our mission to optimize time tracking. As one of the largest, award-winning, and top-selling app vendors in the Atlassian Ecosystem, we hire only the best and brightest.
What does Tempo do? We enable companies to grasp the true value of time and get meaningful insights into their operations. With our products, managers know exactly how their teams are spending their hours each day. From billing, to resource management, to cost tracking, we are proud to give our customers data they can use. Lately we have been expanding into new ecosystems, most recently Zendesk. It’s an exciting time, with lots of innovation and growth on the horizon!
Our reach is wide: we are happy to support more than 13,000 customers all over the world. We are looking for candidates to bring fresh perspectives to our amazing teams located in Iceland, Canada, and the USA.
Join us and discover the joy of being part of a team that builds a product our customers’ love!
The position is currently fully remote due to COVID19.
About the Job
We are looking for an experienced and enthusiastic Data Engineer to join our growing team. This position will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data ingestion and processing pipelines, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data manipulator who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Engineer will support our data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our company’s data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives.
The Role
Develops and maintains scalable data pipelines and builds out new API integrations to support continuing increases in data sources, volume and complexity.
Collaborates with analytics and business teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increasing data accessibility and fostering data-driven decision making across the organization.
Implements processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Writes unit/integration tests, contributes to engineering wiki, and documents work.
Performs data analysis required to troubleshoot data related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.
Process unstructured data into a form suitable for analysis.
Analyze processed data.
The ideal Candidate
BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.
5+ years of industry experience in data engineering or other related field.
4+ years of Python development experience.
5+ years of strong SQL experience.
Experience building workflows as Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAGs) using Apache Airflow.
Experience with big data tools: Bigtable, BigQuery, Airflow, Spark, Kafka, etc.
Experience with GCP and/or AWS cloud services.
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres, Bigtable, etc.
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems
Experience with AWS Glue, AWS Firehose, AWS Kinesis, Avro / Parquet file formats, Snowflake, or data lake architecture is a plus.
Proven abilities to take initiative and be innovative
Analytical mind with a problem-solving aptitude
Great communicator
Team player
What's in it for you?
Remote work options
Unlimited vacation!!
Great benefits plan including health, dental, vision and more
Great office spaces in Canada, Iceland and USA
Diverse and dynamic teams
Challenging and exciting work
An opportunity to have a real impact on our business
Free breakfast and snacks
A great range of social activities
And so much more!!
Come and join our amazing & high-performing tech team!
Applicants must have a valid work permit for Canada",3.5,"Tempo Software
3.5",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
151,Senior Cloud Data Architect/Engineer (Remote Considered),-1,"Introduction to Shield AI

Shield AI’s mission is to protect service members and civilians with artificially intelligent systems. For our world-class team, no idea is too ambitious, and we never stop working to make possible what looks out of reach today. We are backed by Silicon Valley venture capital firms including Andreessen Horowitz, have been shipping product since 2018, and are growing rapidly.

Job Description
Are you a passionate and innovative Senior Cloud Data Architect/Engineer with real world experience architecting big data pipelines? Are you eager to make a positive difference in the world? Do you want to work alongside mission-driven and values-focused teammates? Shield AI is just the place for you!

As a Senior Cloud Data Architect/Engineer on the Fleet team in the Nova Systems Business Unit, you’ll have the opportunity to work on data infrastructure at Shield AI and play a critical role in the success of our company!

What you'll do:

You will be responsible for driving the architecture and creation of a scalable cloud data pipeline platform
You will design and build scalable infrastructure platforms to collect and process large amounts of structured and unstructured data that will be consumed in real-time
You will work on automating data pipelines, creating data models, and monitoring and ensuring performance
You will conduct root cause analyses of performance and instability of systems with respect to accuracy and performance
You will be responsible for making decisions regarding data storage, technology selection, organization, and solution design in conjunction with software engineering and product management teams
You will be tasked with identifying and executing on best practices

Projects that you might work on:

Collection and management of data for training and evaluation models and scaled data analysis for Hivemind
People we're looking for have the following required education and experience:
5+ years of demonstrated technical expertise with the following technologies:
Cloud platforms (Azure, GCP, or AWS)
Data processing frameworks (Spark/MapReduce, Kafka, etc)
Distributed data stores (Hadoop, BigQuery/BigTable, Redshift, S3, etc)
Expert programming skills (Python, Go, Kotlin, etc)
Containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes)
Relational and NoSQL databases
You have real-world experience architecting big data pipelines.
You have demonstrated knowledge of cloud computing technologies and current computing trends.
You have hands-on, professional experience designing and implementing large scale data pipelines.

Competencies:

You have a demonstrated record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others
If you're interested in being part of an engineering team that works hard, loves to have fun, and is working on some truly meaningful, challenging work; apply now and we can chat further!

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

To conform to U.S. Government regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.",4.8,"Shield AI
4.8","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
152,Software Engineering Manager I,-1,"Software Engineering Manager I

Job Summary

The Engineering Manager is a key member of the Engineering Leadership Team responsible for daily leadership, management and overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of the multi-disciplinary engineering department. The Engineering Manager must lead the department as the Chief Engineer directs the strategic vision of the engineering organization. As an engineering leader, the Engineering Manager must also provide hands on technical expertise and function as part of the technical team. Engineering disciplines include, but are not limited to, systems engineering, software engineering, and hardware engineering.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

This position is expected to have direct technical oversight over assigned projects and indirect oversight over all projects being supported by personnel he/she manages.

Manage direct reports, including labor planning (including assigning personnel to projects), financial budgets, engineering tasking, and oversight of engineering staff in one or more engineering disciplines.

Responsible for ensuring project work products and deliverables are developed in accordance with organizational standard processes.

Conduct technical reviews to ensure performance and progress align with program (cost, schedule, and technical) objectives, while proactively ensuring a robust risk management posture.Prevent and remediate underperforming projects.

Establish, reinforce and improve organizational and program processes.

Establish and support program and organizational objectives.

Facilitate and reinforce successful multi-disciplinary project execution.

Solve complex technical and management problems requiring in-depth analysis of various factors.

Interview, hire, coach, and train employees; while appraising employee performance, while rewarding and disciplining employees. Address complaints and resolve problems.

Work with Program Mangers to develop technical proposal volume, proposal estimates, Work Breakdown Structures (WBS), schedules and risk assessments.

Non-Essential Duties and Responsibilities

All other duties as assigned

Basic Requirements / Education / Experience:

To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following achievements and competencies: Bachelor’s degree in an Engineering discipline; Master’s Degree preferred. Four years Systems, Software or Hardware Engineering experience. Possesses advanced technical knowledge of DOD simulation technologies and products. Four years management/leadership experience in fast paced engineering environment. Demonstrated track record of success in delivering results.

Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE.

IND1",-1,ProActive Technologies Inc.,"Oviedo, FL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
153,Senior Architect,-1,"Our New York office is seeking a creative, innovative Senior Architect with Industrial and other Multi-Story Commercial experience to lead and execute a broad range of projects through the design process, production of construction documents and construction administration as part of a project team. The Senior Architect will also be responsible for developing solutions to technical problems. This role will provide tremendous opportunities and involvement throughout the project design and implementation processes.

Key Responsibilities:

Lead team with complex project designs, resolve drawing discrepancies and other technical opportunities.
Extensive understanding of design, trends, construction methodology, materials application and manufacturer-supplier appropriateness
Prepare and oversee the preparation of concept, schematic design, design development and construction documents.
Prepare project specifications.
Develop and/or oversee the development of design concepts into complete design development set and further advance into complete construction drawings.
Oversee material research and compilation of project data and incorporation throughout the project.
Assist with the timely submittal of drawings to the appropriate authorities having jurisdiction.
Participate with the project team to understand/establish project goals and objectives including workplan, project schedules, budget parameters, while ensuring the highest product quality.
Attend construction meetings and make periodic site observation visits as required.
Review and understand applicable building codes and other standards.
Prepare zoning and building code analysis and review.
Sign and seal drawings as needed.

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Architecture from an accredited University.
12+ years’ experience working in the field of Architecture. Experience working on large Institutional and Multi-Story building projects required.
Licensed Architect in the state of New York with extensive knowledge of New York City and other jurisdictions permitting process.
Expertise in Revit and AutoCAD. Basic knowledge of Deltek, MS Project, and Newforma preferred.
Aptitude to communicate ideas and direction quickly.
Strong leadership, organization, communication and relationship management skills.

NELSON is an award-winning firm delivering architecture, interior design, graphic design, and brand strategy services that transform all dimensions of the human experience, providing our clients with strategic and creative solutions that positively impact their lives and the environments where they work, serve, play, and thrive. Our collective network includes more than 1,100 teammates in 25 offices, combining industry experience, service expertise, and geographic reach to deliver projects across the country and around the world. Visit www.nelsonworldwide.com to learn more.

We offer competitive wages based on skills and experience, excellent benefits package including; Paid Time Off, medical, dental, 401K, pre-tax Flexible Spending Accounts and Health Savings Accounts, company paid life insurance and disability, a wellness program, parental leave, and more. NELSON is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

If you feel this may be the career opportunity for you, please apply by clicking the link. Due to the large volume of candidates, only qualified applicants will be contacted. No phone calls or agencies please.

[INDHP]",4.0,"Nelson Worldwide, LLC
4.0","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
154,Lead Data Engineer,-1,"AIMS Companies is currently searching for a Lead Data Engineer and Business Analyst. The AIMS Companies is a renowned industrial and municipal cleaning and inspections company that uses state of the art equipment to provide clients a wide range of high quality services, including but not limited to, hydro-blasting, wet/dry vacuuming, industrial coatings and CCTV pipeline inspections, remediation, spill response, hydro-demolition, and transportation. Our mission is to be the safe, reliable, and secure choice that results in the best value for our customers.

Our company is headquartered are in Scottsdale, AZ with offices throughout the North West, South West, South and South East, United States. At AIMS Companies we believe our diverse and talented employees are the key to our company’s reputation and success.

This position is responsible for enabling and promoting a culture of data-driven decision making through development of business intelligence and analytics.

Typical duties include, but are not limited to:
End to end management of the Azure Synapse Analytics environment, including Data Factories, Data Lakes, ADF Flow’s, SQL Pool’s, Azure Analysis Services, and Power BI
Integration of third-party systems using API's
Design and configuration of data movement, streaming and transformation (ETL) technologies
Database Administration
Database Architecture
Utilize Azure Analysis Services to Create Self-Service Data Analytics Platform
Utilize Power BI to create a suite of company dashboards and reports
Work closely with leaders across product, sales, and marketing to support and implement high-quality, data-driven decision-making procedures
Use advanced data modeling, predictive modeling, and analytical techniques to interpret key findings from company data and leverage these insights into initiatives that will support business outcomes
Minimal requirements include:
Proven track record in leading and developing enterprise business intelligence & analytics solutions
3 + years developing on the Azure Data Analytics platform preferred
Experience developing self-service semantic data models using Azure Analysis Services or SSAS preferred
Experience working in and leading a DevOps environment
Understanding of and experience using analytical concepts and statistical modeling techniques, hypothesis development, designing tests/experiments, analyzing data, drawing conclusions, and developing actionable recommendations for business units
Construction Industry Experience is a plus
Advanced problem-solving skills
Proficiency in MS Office.
Must be authorized to work in the United States.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $77,013.00 - $130,296.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Azure Data Analytics: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
www.aimscompanies.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"AIMS Companies, LLC","Scottsdale, AZ",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2019,Company - Public,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
155,Senior Data Engineer,"$120k-$140k
(Employer Est.)","About Sysco LABS

Sysco LABS is a technology-focused division within Sysco, dedicated to reimagining foodservice through innovation. An extension of Syscos commitment to deliver exceptional products and services to the foodservice industry, Sysco LABS uses customer and market intelligence, data-driven insights and agile technology development to rethink the entire foodservice ecosystem.

Our innovation will improve everything from the ordering process, inventory, pricing and automation to the in-restaurant customer experience. Operating with the mindset of a startup and backed by the authoritative expertise of an industry leader, Sysco LABS mission is to improve the Sysco customer experience and consistently deliver cost savings and new innovations through technology.

About the Role

As a Senior Data Engineer, you will build scalable data and analytics models and architecture from event formation to ingestion to reporting, from scratch. You will evaluate and lead the implementation of robust systems used by every team within Sysco Labs. You will shape the vision and architecture of end-to-end pipeline while following industry best practices.

Responsibilities:
Manage all aspects of the data and analytics system from stream configuration to ETL to aggregate tables and cubes for reporting needs. Establish and maintain the data pipeline architecture.
Partner will all facets of the business to include development, operations and consumers of data. Form and maintain relationships with stakeholders to understand needs and translate those needs into priorities and executable plans.
Write scripts to schedule data ingestion and syncing. Evaluate, lead and form back end logic to create data marts from requirements for the purposes of self-serving stakeholders.
Oversee the code creation from junior members of the team.
Assist data architects to build the working framework for data search and retrieval.
Identify required changes to the design and communicate to the architects.
Other duties as assigned.
About You

Minimum Qualifications
6 years experience of hands-on data platform design and development in large-scale and complex environments.
Experience with SQL and Python.
Experience with Redshift and Postgres.
Experience with AWS platform and technologies including Kinesis, Firehose and Glue.
Experience with cloud storage such as S3.
Experience orchestrating data ingestion and syncing metadata with event data.
Experience with ETL for reporting and business users (marketing, finance, product owners).
Preferred Qualifications
Recognized degree in computer science or certification in technical related field.
10 years experience of hands-on data platform design and development in large-scale and complex environments.
Experience with Tableau and Tableau Server.
Perks at Sysco LABS:
Competitive base & bonus packages
Fun, casual, fast-paced work environment filled with talented colleagues
Brand-new high-tech office space located in the heart of East 6th St, (walking distance to the MetroRail)
Generous PTO policy
Flexible work environment that encourages work/life balance
Fully stocked break room & weekly catered lunch
Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits and company 401(k) program
At Sysco LABS you will be part of a team that values trust, learning, and working together to solve problems. Your efforts will help to build groundbreaking experiences for our customers. Come join us!

We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.",4.1,"Sysco Labs
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
156,Application Architect (Solutions Architect - Contract to Hire),"$99k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Opportunity:

We are seeking a talented Application Architect (Solutions Architect) to design and implement information systems which will adequately support the organization. This position identifies new technologies, partners, and applications to enhance and improve the companies market or internal offerings. This role assists with creation and maintenance of a technology reference model. The Application Architect creates architecture artifacts along the project lifecycle to document technical requirements and vision. They also work with other areas of the business to assess needs and figure out the underlying issue that needs to be solved.

This position leads application and solution architecture practice across engineering scrum teams and identifies project and solution-related architectural issues to the wider architecture team. The Application Architect analyzes system requirements and ensures that systems will offer secure solutions and will be effectively integrated with current applications. The person in this role ensures that all systems are working at optimal levels and offers support to application development department regarding new technologies and system requirements.

What You Can Look Forward to:
Assesses IT application solutions, analyzes functionality, efficiency and productivity; helps design, develop and implement new technical solutions.
Defines requirements based on user/client needs, cost, and required integration with existing applications, systems, or platforms.
Creates system architecture design documents on complex or integration projects.
Creates and owns the architecture documentation, including review of existing architecture (Infrastructure, Applications, Cloud, etc.) and updates as changes are made. Builds strong internal and external partnerships.
Actively supports CO-OP’s strategic future, culture and leadership practices.
Proactively pursues development opportunities and show expected progress on learning plan.
Researches industry best practices.
Inspects what is expected to make sure architecture is delivered in the design. Reviews code to make sure it aligns with goals and objectives (inspect what you expect); provides guidance on configurability vs hard coding; provides standards that are in alignment with the size of the company.
Crucial in supporting the process of the SDLC by ensuring architecture is supporting of developing scope and estimates in alignment of company objectives to complete in a timely, cost effective and efficient manner.
Understands impact of project on both business and technology infrastructure.
Analyzes business scenarios and identifies opportunities for technically innovative solutions and improvements.
Adhere to Agile principles and philosophies (Scrum or Kanban, as applicable) in fulfillment of the role.
Collaborate within the direct team in accordance with Team Agreement, Definition of Ready, and Definition of Done.
Work as a cross-functional team member in an Agile setting to help complete and deliver the team commitments.
Collaborate across teams and across business areas in the spirit of an Agile mindset.
Fulfill the role in the spirit of the Agile Manifesto, with emphasis on delivery of incremental value with frequent iterations and feedback loops.
Responsible for reporting risks that are identified to the appropriate team and/or management. Additionally, responsible for managing, monitoring and reporting risks within the scope of your work area, to include, but not limited to Information Security risks.
Actively supports our CO-OP culture and embraces our core values of Work as Partners, Communicate Openly and Honestly, Demonstrate Excellence and Champion Change in all interactions.
What Youâll Need to Succeed:
BS in Computer Science / Computer Information Systems or equivalent degree, or equivalent training and/or experience.
10+ years previous development experience required.
10+ years’ experience across a diverse domain of technologies preferably in the Microsoft stack,
Design solutions utilizing your technical knowledge in application development, infrastructure, cloud, data, and security.
Advanced knowledge of Modern OS architecture concepts and communications protocols.
Experience with Mulesoft technologies is highly preferred
Advanced database design and development.
Expert technical knowledge in software development methodologies, design and implementation.
Creativity and the foresight to identify potential problems within our systems.
Ability to maintain confidentiality pertaining to non-public business, financial and technological information, plans or data.
Advanced analytical, design and problem-solving skills at multi-product/multi-environment level to troubleshoot system defects and mitigate the issues they cause.
Possess high motivation and self-direction, sound problem solving skills, decision making and multi- tasking skills.
Expert skills in research and analysis, project planning and implementation. Understanding and awareness of business issues as they impact overall project plans.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills, with an ability to express and document complex technical concepts in business terms.
Ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing with technical staff, non-technical staff, end-users for requirements gathering, testing, training, and outcome validation.
Ability to work the time necessary to complete projects or meet deadlines.
Ability to communicate technical content to a non-technical person.
Thorough knowledge of infrastructure, application programming, and web and software applications.
Ability to stay abreast of new technology and continually learn new skills to come up with innovative ways to solve complex problems.
Why Join CO-OP?:

CO-OP is committed to fostering a workplace where every employee feels valued, respected, and connected. We are dedicated to understanding, attracting and engaging a diverse workforce where every employee can live up to their value; ensuring that our employee base reflects the consumers we serve. The result of this effort is an inclusive environment where diverse talent thrives. You will be part of an organization that focuses on a strong culture and embodies the credit union movement philosophy of People Helping People. CO-OP’s commitment to reflecting our own core values and purpose extends beyond how we serve our clients and the products that we deliver.

With more than 35 years of industry leadership, CO-OP Financial Services is the largest, most comprehensive credit union service organization in the nation. CO-OP serves as THE credit union technology engine, bringing payments solutions, engagement services and strategic counsel to help credit unions optimize member experiences to consistently provide seamless, personalized multi-channel offerings, while delivering secure, sophisticated fraud mitigation service.

CO-OP serves more than 3,000 client credit unions, with 60 million debit and credit cardholders, nearly 30,000 surcharge-free ATMs and more than 5,600 shared branches nationwide. Our vast technological ecosystem facilitates more than 6.5 billion transactions every year and equips credit unions of all sizes to deepen member engagement and prosper in the fast-paced world of fintech.

The Perks:
Fun, challenging and, collaborative work environment with passionate colleagues that care deeply about the intersection of technology and human-centered financial services.
Great Work/Life Benefits – Paid Time Off (PTO), Maternity, Parental, Family Care, Adoption Leave Programs, Community Volunteer Time Off, and 10 Paid Holidays.
Health benefits – medical, dental, & vision plus wellness programs and gym reimbursements.
401K with generous company match.
Tuition reimbursement.

#Lisa",3.1,"CO-OP Financial Services
3.1","Des Moines, IA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
157,Senior Data Modeler / Business Analyst,-1,"Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst
Location: Midtown Atlanta (remote during COVID)
Duration: 24month +

MUST HAVE
Business Analysis experience - capable of accurate requirements gathering and display excellent written communication skills.
Apache Hadoop environment
Exceptional SQL querying
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (Dimensional design, Entity Relationship diagrams)
Job Description
Seeking Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst The successful candidate must have solid data modeling and business analyst experience and must demonstrate an affinity for working with others to create successful Business Intelligence (BI) and Data Warehouse (DW) solutions. He/She must be an excellent communicator, both written and verbal, and have experience working with business areas to translate their business data needs and data questions into project requirements. He/she must also have an educational background in Data Analysis and Data Modeling as well as on the job experience as a data modeler.
This position provides the opportunity to be involved in new BI and DW solutions, such as Dashboards and Reports, and to work with many different business areas within the company. The candidate will participate in all phases of the BI/DW development life cycle and will independently and collaboratively write project/enhancement requirements and perform data modeling duties.
He/She will coordinate with technical BI/DW development staff through design, construction and implementation as a business area liaison, consultant and UAT tester.

Skills and Experience:
Required:
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (5+ years) on the following platforms:
Teradata and either Oracle or DB2
Experience in using data modeling techniques and tools (focused on Dimensional design), Entity Relationship diagrams, ERWIN, etc.
Exceptional SQL skills with ability to write complex queries
Experience in translating business requirements to SQL-based ETL
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Proficient testing skills unit, system and integration
Strong business analyst and requirements gathering/writing skills
Experience in developing according to SDLC and accustomed to working with technical documents (flowcharts, programming specifications, etc.)
Excellent verbal/written communication and presentation skills
Apache Hadoop ecosystem
Nice To Have (candidates will get preference)
Data Relational & Dimensional modeling on the following platforms:
Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MS Access
Knowledge of CA Erwin Data Modeler
Knowledge of DataStage development techniques
Knowledge of Unix/Linux platform and shell scripting
Experience with Teradata or Oracle/Exadata database performance tuning
Experience with ChangeMan MVS code versioning software
Experience with Zeke MVS/Zeke Agent Job scheduler
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite
Railroad knowledge and experience
Analyst Attitude Profile:
Self-starter, responsible, professional, accountable
A finisher, seeing a project or task through to completion in spite of challenges
Strong team ethic and customer-support focus
Ability to contribute knowledge by sharing business & technology skills with peers
Good troubleshooting and problem-solving skills and instincts
Education
Bachelors Degree preferred. Preferably in Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or related field

#aptonetjobs",5.0,"Aptonet Inc
5.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
158,Senior Technical Lead Data Architect,"$144k-$223k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

At Freddie Mac, you will do important work to build a better housing finance system and you’ll be part of a team helping to make homeownership and rental housing more accessible and affordable across the nation.
Job Posting Preview
Platforms & Data Solutions Architect, Senior Technical Lead
McLean, VA

Position Overview
Are you a transformation champion? Are you passionate about technology transformations? Do you have proven record of enabling enterprise change through architectural leadership? The Freddie Mac Enterprise Architecture Office is seeking a Senior Data Architect to provide leadership and oversight associated with the Platforms and Data Solutions architecture!

If you looking for a career that enables you to work with the latest and greatest technologies, lead your team through transformation into Agile Architecture and align with the Modern Delivery methodology within Freddie Mac, apply today!
Our Impact:
We build data platforms and capabilities that enable data analytics, reporting, model developments and machine learning
We manage and enhance Big Data and Data Warehouse platforms, collaborate with teams and leadership within IT and with business partners to advance our technical capabilities and provide data solutions that drive business results
We create Proof of Concepts (POCs) to illustrate how cutting-edge technologies can be incorporated and enhance Freddie Mac’s technology offerings
Your Impact:
Demonstrate effective and disciplined software development expertise and leadership
Collaborate with other Enterprise Architects to assure that the Freddie Mac Platforms are aligned with EA vision, roadmap, principles, and guidelines and can enable software engineering teams and solution architects to deliver on business outcomes
Fully utilize AWS with services such as Cloud Formation Templates, S3, EC2, EKS and many more
Define and implement Reference architecture patterns which will be used by development teams
Collaborate with product and engineering leadership to construct a product delivery strategy, roadmaps, and timelines
Lead technical discussions and influence a large number of multi-functional teams
Act as an agent for change with new technologies and tools, promote top code quality by leading design and code reviews, and solve meaningful issues related to performance tuning and scalability
Qualifications:
10+ years of proven experience in software development including architecture, design, coding, testing, and support
3+ years of Cloud infrastructure experience working with one or more of the following Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud services: EC2, EMR, ECS, EKS, Kubernetes Operators, Knative, Kubeflow, S3, SNS, SQS, Cloud Formation, Cloud watch, Lambda
Hands-on experiences with AWS architecture design, Data Management, Big Data, Data Warehousing, Machine Learning platform development and good exposure to feature engineering
Proficient with CICD process, Agile and DevOps SDLC including analysis, high level design, coding, testing, and implementation, performance tuning, bug fixing and quality control
3+ years of experience with Agile, Kanban, or Scrum methodologies
3+ years of experience with Cloud based Data Warehouse platforms e.g. Snowflake and Dremio preferred; expertise in creating data models, optimizing data, automating & restructuring data reporting system in financial services domain
5+ years of experience using Java, Python or Scala
Experience of leading complex data applications with large volumes of data
Keys to Success in this Role:
Ability to communicate clearly, effectively, persuasively with technology and business partners
Excellent collaborator and fantastic teammate
Able to deliver and apply risk-based approach to prioritize work
Ability to quickly comprehend the functions and capabilities of new technologies, and identify process improvements and efficiencies opportunities
Ability to adapt to change while continuing to deliver on assigned objectives
Ability to use data to help inform strategy and direction
Today, Freddie Mac makes home possible for one in four home borrowers and is one of the largest sources of financing for multifamily housing. Join our smart, creative and dedicated team and you’ll do important work for the housing finance system and make a difference in the lives of others. Freddie Mac is an equal opportunity and top diversity employer. EOE, M/F/D/V.

Current Freddie Mac employees please apply through the internal career site.

Today, Freddie Mac makes home possible for one in four home borrowers and is one of the largest sources of financing for multifamily housing. Join our smart, creative and dedicated team and you’ll do important work for the housing finance system and make a difference in the lives of others.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We will ensure that individuals with differing abilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Notice to External Search Firms: Freddie Mac partners with BountyJobs for contingency search business through outside firms. Resumes received outside the BountyJobs system will be considered unsolicited and Freddie Mac will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. If interested in learning more, please visit www.BountyJobs.com and register with our referral code: MAC.

Time-type: Full time

Job Category: Information Technology

FLSA Status: Exempt",3.9,"Freddie Mac
3.9","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1970,Company - Public,-1,-1,$10+ billion (USD),-1
159,Big- Data Cloud Architect,-1,"Work within a Big data and cloud consulting delivery technical team to drive Clients enterprise technology transformation for Big Data solutions on cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP, Snowflake and other leading providers), on-prem & Hybrid environments. Leads technical Solution architecture & Implementations for end to end big data ecosystems or core components such as – Data Migration & Transformation pipelines, Data integrations and Virtualization, cloud & Hadoop Data Lakes, Data Warehouses/ Marts, Spark, Machine Learning, Data Science, and BI.
Job Overview
We are looking for a savvy data & cloud Architect to join our team of Cloud & Big data experts. They must be self-directed and comfortable in providing advisory, architecture, Hands-on Engineering consultation for Big data needs of multiple teams, systems and solutions. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our client’s data architecture to support next generation of products and data initiatives.
Experience Requirements
5+ years of consulting experience and demonstrated client affinity
10+ Years of proven experience in architecture & hands-on engineering of various complex technical solutions on Big data Platforms for Cloud (Aws, GCP, Azure, Snowflake) and On-prem deployments for large Enterprises or Multinational Organizations, preferably in one or more of Industries - Financial Services, Travel, Media, Retail etc.
Extensive experience in Data Warehouse modeling techniques- Dimensional, Data Vault 2.0, etc. for OLAP & OLTP systems
5+ years of SQL, ETL/ ELT, data transformation experience
5+ years of analytical, problem-solving, data analysis and research skills
Extensive experience in building data integration pipelines for streaming, bulk, APIs, structured/ Unstructured data sets across large enterprise environments
3+ Years of development experience in Data Science space, including Machine learning and deployment of ML models as API’s & Microservices
Experience in designing and implementation of big data ecosystems with controls for Complex Risk, Compliance & Security regulations, Scalable/self-healing Infrastructure, Authentication/ Identity, Auditing, Crypto & Key management, Logging/monitoring, IT Service management integrations etc.
Demonstrable ability to think outside of the box and not be dependent on readily available tools
Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills are a must.
Skills required
Preferred Certification & required Expertise in one or more of the cloud services - AWS/Azure/ GCP cloud services
Expertise in Big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Storm, etc.
Expertise in one or more with Data Warehouse tools – Snowflake, Redshift, Big-query etc.
Expertise in Data Warehouse modeling techniques including but not limited to dimensional, Data Vault 2.0, etc. for OLAP & OLTP systems
Expertise in SQL & NoSQL databases– RDS, DynamoDB, Mongo etc.
Expertise in Data pipeline, Data Integration, Data Virtualization and workflow management tools, such as Snap-logic, Denodo, Talend, Informatica cloud etc.
Machine Learning & Data Science platforms & Solutions – Tensorflow, AutoML, SageMaker, Alteryx, etc.
One or more Object-oriented/object, scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, R, etc.
Infra as Code: AWS Cloud-formation, Terraform, Azure resource manager, etc.
Experience in designing and engineering cloud infra, security & connectivity controls for deploying and managing data systems in cloud.


About USEReady:


Please visit our website at www.useready.com

USEReady Inc. was founded in 2011 and our mission is to help organizations succeed by fast tracking their business performance. We relentlessly strive towards value-driven innovation using advanced BI, data management, and infrastructure management services.With offices in New York, New Jersey and Bangalore, our global delivery service is enriched with winning strategies, technology expertise and customer fanaticism. We have a proven track record of success in various domains such as capital markets, insurance, healthcare, pharma, retail and media.Ranked #113 in Inc. 5000
Red Herring Top 100 North America Winner
Tableau Gold Partner for 5 consecutive years
Tableau Services Partner of the Year 2015
Tableau Services & Training and Alliance partner nominee of the year 2016
Alteryx, Collibra, Snowflake, AWS & Microsoft Partner
Key partners for Informatica
2017 Tableau Software Partner Award Winners
2018 Tableau Marketing Innovation Award",4.5,"USEReady
4.5",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
160,Senior Data Engineer,"$95k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are looking for a Data Engineer who will be responsible for enhancing our measurement tool. You are passionate about all things data and tech, and have extensive knowledge of the digital space. You are accomplished in the areas of data modeling and measurement and you are ready to support the strategic objectives of a highly cross-functional organization.

Technology:
Spark, Hive
Scala, Python, SQL
HDFS, S3
PostGres, Redis, Kafka
Kubernetes, Docker
Airflow
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Build and enhance current measurement architecture
Provide insight and guidance on new projects
Collaborate with other engineering and data science teams to build data models
Develop and release using agile methodologies
QUALIFICATIONS:
5+ years - Modeling, measuring, and analyzing data
5+ years - Working with Python or Scala
5+ years - Building and optimizing workflows on Spark, Hadoop, or other big data platforms
Understanding of ad-tech terms and methodologies preferred
PERKS:
Unlimited paid time off each year
Annual vacation stipend
Onsite gym, fitness classes and personal trainer
Casual dress code
Kitchen stocked with healthy snacks
Health, dental and vision benefits
Parental leave
ABOUT

At VideoAmp, we believe in challenging advertising paradigms to maximize value for clients. We do this by enabling companies to execute on business outcomes across their media investment instead of more traditional media metrics. VideoAmp is the software and data solutions company powering the convergence of the linear TV and digital video advertising. Our solutions connect linear TV viewership with addressable data assets to benefit the marketing and media industries. This enable marketers and content owners to holistically plan, transact, and measure deduplicated audiences across digital video, OTT, connected and linear TV advertising.",3.5,"VideoAmp
3.5","Los Angeles, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
161,Lead Solutions Architect,"$67k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About us

National Grid is hiring for a Lead Solutions Architectfor our Solutions Delivery department in Waltham, MA.

Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes, communities, and businesses. We are there when people need us the most. We connect people to the energy they need for the lives they live. The pace of change in society and our industry is accelerating and our expertise and track record puts us in an unparalleled position to shape the sustainable future of our industry.

To be successful we must anticipate the needs of our customers, reducing the cost of energy delivery today and pioneering the flexible energy systems of tomorrow. This requires us to deliver on our promises and always look for new opportunities to grow, both ourselves and our business.

Job Purpose

The Lead Solution Architect is accountable to design business solutions that are fit for purpose, compliant and adhere to all National Grid operational, architectural and design standards and principles. Ensure the integrity of solution designs from concept through implementation, balancing the architectural concerns of projects with concerns of the enterprise. Ensure consideration of all design alternatives and provide technical guidance to the wider project team and business stakeholders.

Key Accountabilities

o Identify, Own and Support the Delivery of global solutions for assigned projects.
o Provide all design related services, at the blueprinting level, for individual or multiple projects.
o Ensure the integrity of solution designs through detail design, build and implementation.
o Governance of the solution architecture through implementation.
o Guide business stakeholders to solutions that will maximize National Grid investment in technology.
o Provide Technology thought leadership on innovative technical solutions to business stakeholders.
o Analyzing options and recommending solutions including technology and deployment options.
o Identify options that maximize reuse and minimize overheads to operating budgets.
o Ensure that solutions conform to the National Grid Enterprise Architecture.
o Ensure solutions are compliant to National Grid’s policies.
o Furthering and promote the Strategic vision of Enterprise Architecture.
o Obtain all required approvals for Solution Design Assurance Group.

Supervisory/Interpersonal- Experience Required

Stakeholder management and influencing skills covering colleagues, partners / vendors and project sponsors.
Takes an active role in the development of other staff through mentoring of more junior resources.

Qualifications

o Bachelors or Master’s degree in computer science or related discipline or an equivalent combination of education, training, and experience.
o Relevant industry certification (e.g. TOGAF) desirable.
Knowledge & Experience Required:
o 7-10 years of Solution Architecture development and support experience at an enterprise level.
o Experience applying standard architectures and patterns within solution designs.
o Experience with Electric & Gas Utility Control Center & Telecom Applications (including EMS/GMS(SCADA), OMS, TOMS), IT/OT infrastructure & Communications/integration.
o Experience with Asset & Work Management – e.g. IBM Maximo, Geographical Information System e.g. Esri/GE Smallworld will be a plus.
o Experience in product and vendor evaluation and technology rollout.
o Good understanding of Digital Risk and Security to ensure compliance for CEII, NERC-CIP Standards and other Cyber Security frameworks (NIST, etc.)
o Knowledge of Networking/Security concepts and design practices including ESP (Electronic Security Parameter), HTTP/S, TCP/IP, firewalls, and proxies.
o Knowledge of Middleware/Integration technologies (MQ, Oracle Fusion, Mulesoft, REST, & MFT).
o Knowledge of database design and database management systems (DB2, SQL Server, Oracle).
o Knowledge of various deployment and hosting environments and platforms (On Premise, Cloud, SaaS/PaaS/IaaS, MS Azure, and AWS).
o Knowledge of App Gateways, Load Balancers, Identity and Access Management, Active Directory, Disaster Recovery techniques.
o Knowledge of business analysis techniques, tools and requirements gathering.
o Good understanding of Software Development Lifecycle Management, Application Lifecycle Management, DevOps tools, technologies and techniques.
o Excellent written and verbal communications skills.
o Good Project and Product management skills.
o Good stakeholder management and influencing skills at project stakeholder level.

More Information

This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring and applying technical skills. Internal candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.

National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion that drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team.",3.6,"NATIONAL GRID CO USA (NE POWER)
3.6","Waltham, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1990,Company - Public,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
162,Solution Architect – Industrial Process & Water,"$69k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Solution Architect – Industrial Process and Process Water

Solution Architects create, manage and integrate voice of the customer, field experiences, and technology input to formulate solutions for the industrial process and process water applications in steel, power, mining, and food and beverage industry segments focusing on solving our customers most difficult water treatment problems now and in the future.

The industrial process and process water solution architect should have an educational background in technology and business skills such as communication and managerial skills, with the focus on delivering creative technical and innovative solutions at the direction of the regional commercial organizations for how solutions will affect business outcomes.

The industrial process and process water solution architect is directly responsible for the new product development pipeline from ideation to commercialization deliver improved growth and profitability of the boiler and cooling water product lines.

The solution architect is responsible for the development of the product roadmap to accelerate growth. Product development will include short and long-range growth and competitive strategies for the product line on a global basis. The solution architect will be responsible for leading a cross functional team of engineers, commercial and sourcing operations personnel to help in the execution of product development and strategic project cost out.

Oversee the total product life cycle for the industrial process and process water product lines utilizing a multi-generational product plan, interacting with technology, supply chain, sourcing, commercial, regional engineering and product applications to drive product platform penetration and market expansion.
Lead and manage the product applications team to develop and execute launch plans to bring new product introductions to the market.
Develop the product applications team to manage project development and DMP cost out using the best design principles.
The successful solution architect needs the courage to make tough decisions on product development, cost out and rationalization
Work closely with supply chain, the regional engineering organizations, and technology to eliminate low use or high cost products, consolidate product line offering, and eliminate marginal use raw materials and substitute lower cost raw materials.
Directly own the portfolio and pipeline of NPIs and champion the NPI process and initiatives to get product and ideas quickly into the market place. The product manager should own, direct, and review NPI processes with technology and other stakeholders.
Work closely with commercial and product operations team to develop pricing/costing tools, cost to treat standards and execution of product line pricing policy.
Stay closely connected with technology, commercial, and product applications to maintain a deep knowledge of current developments in the product line. In addition, the product manager should identify opportunities for new market growth and penetration leveraging the synergies that exist between the SUEZ WTS Engineered Systems (ES) business.
The solution architect should evolve the product line related to the strategic markets as outlined in the business strategic plan titled MTP and coordinate closely with the WTS ES business.
Develop concepts for new products by analyzing internal and external customer feedback, market research, emerging technology, and competitive trends.
Track material cost, revenue, and fulfillment and standard margin rates by product, product family, market segment and by pole working closely with product operations.
Provide support and direction for the creation of sales tools, launch materials and collaterals, working together with the marketing communications team.
Work closely to align remote monitoring and diagnostics into the product portfolio to add value to the customer and increase profitability for the respective cooling product line.

Compensation: Annual 0.00 - 0.00 USD
Is relocation for this position offered: Yes
Number of Job Openings: 1
Company Grade/Band: Senior Professional
SUEZ’s Water Technologies and Solutions (SWTS) offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation.
WTS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Suez WTS is NOT accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee of Suez WTS in any fashion without a valid written search agreement in place will be deemed the sole property of Suez WTS. No fee will be paid if a candidate is hired by Suez WTS based upon an unsolicited referral.
Orga:",3.7,"SUEZ
3.7","Trevose, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1997,Company - Private,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$10+ billion (USD),-1
163,Data Architect,"$113k-$138k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Architect role is part of a team that supports and enhances the Enterprise Data Warehouse to support business and customer analytics. This is a full-time, full benefits eligible role. Some off-hour support on nights and weekends may be required.

Utilize data integration software to develop new system integrations and maintain, document, and automate existing data pipelines and ETL jobs used for data management.
Provide production support and perform ongoing maintenance to support business processes.
Satisfy ad-hoc reporting and data analysis request from end users.
Manage timely flow of data to the data warehouse for business intelligence reporting.
Administer changes to data integration programs and data models to meet business requirements for data integrity and data quality, including testing.
Work with the BI team and business partners to validate business rules for new and existing data attributes and reporting metrics.
Create and maintain the documentation of new and existing integrations.
Help define the ETL architecture, standards, best practices, and governance processes.
Utilize database management tools and programing techniques to conduct data analysis.
Maintain an understanding of current BI technology and keep up with industry trends.

Computer Skills:
Strong experience and proficiency with best practices for deploying data integration architectures used for data management (ETL).
Advanced knowledge of SQL, including tuning queries for performance. (required)
Understands database structures that are used for enterprise reporting and as data sources
Experience with packaged solutions used for analytics business intelligence (Noetix Analytics)
Familiar with Enterprise Resource Planning systems (ERP) for the Retail industry, Oracle EBS preferred.
Capable in using or configuring business intelligence tools.
Knowledgeable of best practices in data security, data privacy.
Preferred software familiarity: Toad, PL/SQL, Informatica PowerCenter, SAP Data Services, Oracle database and stored procedures, AWS cloud services, Oracle EBS, Business intelligence tools including BusinessObjects, Tableau, Looker.
Work Experience:
Sound knowledge of data management and data architecture functions, including physical database design, data migration, state-of-the-art database technology, data modeling, and metadata management, tools, and processes.
Must build and maintain good rapport and trust with internal clients.
Must be project oriented with an ability to meet deadlines.
Retail expertise including luxury, jewelry, fashion retail, or experience with consumer-packaged goods is desirable.
Superior verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to interact and communicate with all levels of the organization.
Ability to express technical concepts in a non-technical manner.
Ability to work in a team setting as an expert in your domain and as a team member.
Experience with Customer or Product master data a plus.
Education:
Bachelor’s degree with a concentration in Management Information Systems, Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and experience.",3.0,"David Yurman
3.0","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Beauty & Personal Accessories Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
164,Principal Data Architect,"$127k-$200k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At PEMCO it’s all about people, starting with our customers. We’re a mutual insurance company owned by our Northwest policyholders and protecting their dreams since 1949. We believe in listening to our customers and showing that we understand them in ways that others don’t.

As a Principal Data Architect you'll be responsible for delivering innovative data and analytics architectural solutions, partnering with business and technology leaders to establish and maintain patterns and practices that support PEMCO’s strategic goals and provide clear constraints for enterprise product delivery teams. This role leads the development and implementation of long-range technology strategies for data and analytics across all business and IT disciplines and will work directly with senior leadership on Data Strategy, Data and Technology, and Data Governance to develop and evolve an integrated data architecture roadmap.

At PEMCO you’ll enjoy the benefits of a smaller company – sharing ideas, learning and seeing the impact of your work – while competing with the big guys and enjoying positive work-life balance. We’re a company of 500+ relationship-focused, community-minded people, serving our policyholders from our office in South Lake Union. Come join us!

What You'll Be Doing
Develop and guide data and analytic strategy, collaborating with other domain architects and socializing roadmaps with business and IT partners to ensure that they create both business value and opportunities to apply technical innovations to customer needs.
Lead the establishment and maintenance of Data & Analytic architecture models, standards, processes and constraints across the organization.
Support multiple simultaneous strategic development initiatives, leading the development of next-generation data solutions that support business and IT strategies.
Drive organizational change by effectively articulating the value of data architecture standards and practices to technology and business partners
Provide strategic guidance, mentorship and technical expertise to technical teams across multiple disciplines and projects.
Produce patterns and models that guide the development and implementation of business solutions across multiple projects, providing direction to technical teams during project delivery and ensuring implementations support technology and business roadmaps.
Collaborate with other technology architects to set long term strategies for Data & Analytic Architecture as part of an overall IT roadmap.
Collaborate with development teams and production support to resolve near-term domain-specific architectural issues and to remove architectural design debt.
Proactively review and recommend selection of third-party software platforms.
Monitor the industry solution landscape to track the development of available solutions and identify opportunities for adapting the team's solution architecture. Drive discussion on the business capability landscape to identify opportunities for greater long-term business value.
Mentor technology peers and business partners in best practices associated with enterprise architecture.
Demonstrate behaviors consistent with PEMCO's policies, values, code of ethics and business conduct
Authentically support the PEMCO Brand and constantly are on the lookout for top talent to join us to achieve our Mission to Worry Less and Live More!
Other duties as assigned
What You'll Bring
Bachelor’s degree in Information Management, Computer Science, Math, Statistics or related field required. Advanced degree preferred.
10 years of experience designing and implementing enterprise data & analytics architectures required, including experience managing delivery of multiple simultaneous complex technology solutions.
10 years of experience in a lead role, either managing or advising large and strategic project teams required.
Ability to communicate very technically challenging concepts to a broad audience required with strong facilitation and presentation skills required.
Broad knowledge of technologies and supplier capabilities and experience implementing these into new and existing large infrastructure/systems required.
Experience with modern technology service architectural hosting, security, and risk management concerns (eg, Cloud Data Warehouse, Data Engineering Pipeline, Data Preparation and Modeling, Advanced Analytics, Data Services and Consumption) required.
Knowledge of the Microsoft infrastructure and solution stacks operating in on premise, cloud, and hybrid hosting environments.
Experience in LEAN, Agile/Scrum, or ITIL principals with experience implementing one of these practices preferred.
Working knowledge of various Data Architecture approaches including but not limited to TOGAF, DAMA, and CMMI etc.
Excellent organizational, problem-solving, strategic thinking and decision making, planning, and negotiation skills required.
Proficient verbal and written skills required to effectively communicate and provide customer service required.
MS Office: Skilled proficiency in MS Visio is required
MS Office: Skilled proficiency in Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access is required
We've Got You Covered
Competitive salary
200% match on your 401(k) up to 6% of your pay
Generous medical, dental, disability and life insurance plans
A friendly, professional work environment
The opportunity to work at a place of integrity, where customer service is emphasized
At PEMCO, we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our products and our community to flourish. PEMCO is honored to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation or Veteran status.",4.3,"PEMCO Insurance
4.3","Seattle, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1949,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
165,Data Engineer Lead,"$80k-$151k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Lead, Data Platform Engineer on Healthgrades' Provider Data as a Service team, you will develop and maintain database functionality to support corporate products and services, focused on mastering healthcare claims data for consumption across Healthgrades' products. You will collaborate with multi-functional database and product development teams using Agile / Scrum/Kanban, Python, Cloud Operations technologies and Open Source technology.

In your role, you will implement data architectural technologies and development processes to support development of an Enterprise Data Platform that is changing the game. On this product working with SQL, Python, StreamSets, Reltio, AWS S3, Kafka and Redis is preferred. If you are interested in growing your expertise in these technologies, this will be an exciting opportunity for you.

What You Will Do:
Oversee day-to-day operational matters, provide training, and supervise performance related to company and individual OKRs
Lead and manage complex development projects including plans, designs, technical leadership, schedules, and resource allocation while also being a hands-on engineer
Build and maintain data pipelines utilizing Python, SQS, SNS, Kafka, Kubernetes, Reddis, Streamsets, and Snowflake that perform efficiently against large data sets
Work with shareholders to ensure data accuracy and business continuity
Create and maintain automated ETL processes with special focus on data flow, error recovery, and exception handling and reporting
Create and modify data models and implementations as they relate to RDBMS, DW, and BI
Design of specialized data structures for the purpose of data consumption by a public facing website and/or Business Analytics data visualization
Load, process and migrate incoming data feeds and create outgoing data extracts
Create and maintain documentation to support developed applications
What You Will Bring:
Ability to participate in a culture of communication, collaboration and creativity
5+ years' experience as well as previous experience in a lead or management role
Experience with Kubernetes and Cloud Operations Technologies such as S3, SNS, SQS
Significant Python, Kubernetes, and Kafka experience
Strong Reddis knowledge
Data modeling and corporate-level data management experience
Perform Unit Tests and internal QA checks to insure high quality work
Good collaboration and idea sharing in team environment
A Bachelor's Degree in related field or equivalent experience
It's Nice If You Bring This Too:
Experience with Reltio and Snowflake is a plus
Why Healthgrades?

At Healthgrades, we recognize that our people drive our greatest achievements. We are passionate about maintaining a fulfilling, rewarding and high-energy work environment while setting the stage for your continued success.
Meaningful Work empowering consumers with data to make the right decisions for themselves and their families
Changing the Game - evolving, dynamic culture with career advancement opportunities
Community Builders- participating in local charity organizations and wellness initiatives
Robust Perks generous PTO, 401k contributions, tuition assistance, entertainment discounts & more!",2.9,"Healthgrades
2.9","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
166,Data Engineer - Cloud Services,-1,"Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We are looking for the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world, and strive daily to align our core values with those that we hire Elevating Each Other, Being Outcome Driven, Winning as a Team, Being Bold, Trusting Each Other, and Having FUN! these are all key elements to who we hire.

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams a perpetual thirst for knowledge, and a desire to work with the best people and take on big challenges together. Getting our attention takes creativity, integrity, a desire to improve yourself and your co-workers each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars to help raise the bar, setting industry-level standards around project management and delivery of AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud services.

About 2nd Watch

As a cloud native company, 2nd Watch has walked alongside our clients for over a decade helping them migrate to the cloud, accelerate application development, and deliver on their companys strategic goals through the blend of technology and innovation that is at our core. Our services deliver cloud native capabilities through strategic consulting, modernization services, and specialized technology practices focused on maximizing the value of public cloud through:
Business Transformation
Cloud Advisory
Datacenter Migration & Application Modernization
Optimization
Data Engineering
Compliance, Security & Business Continuity
DevOps
Managed Cloud services
With a client NPS of 85, our approach has been successful for some of the worlds leading brands and is tested, trusted, and proven to accelerate your cloud adoption.

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner, a Microsoft Azure Gold Partner, and a Google Cloud Platform Partner. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Position Title:

Data Cloud Engineer :

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining cloud-native data lakes
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Familiarity with open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, Keras, or TensorFlow.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Understanding of relational database internals
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.8,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.8",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
167,Senior Solutions Architect,-1,"The Gig*
Cosaic is seeking a dynamic, solution-focused, Senior Solutions Architect to work in close partnership with our Commercial team envisioning and creating complete workflow solutions. You will work with our flagship Finsemble desktop integration platform, our market-leading ChartIQ visualization tool, and a host of bespoke and commodity applications provided by our partners. You’ll serve as a senior member of our autonomous Solutions Engineering team, operating at the intersection of the company’s product development and delivery.

The right candidate will thrive creating novel solutions every day, from vision and approach to hands-on development work. You will bring world-class engineering capabilities combined with a collaborative, pragmatic focus on delivering value for our clients. You will work with technology and business leadership, developers, and product managers to ensure that our partners’ goals are a resounding success.

Excelling in the role means being a technical partner and solution visionary to our prospective clients, an invaluable resource for our commercial sales team, and a strong voice of the customer to our product development teams. As a Senior member of the Solutions Engineering team, you will be positioned to directly impact the company and product strategy moving forward.
Check out what you'll be working on here: * *https://cosaic.io/*
Scope *
Senior technologist on Solutions Engineering team.
Own technical relationship with key stakeholders.
Highly visible ambassador and evangelist for Cosaic’s technical capabilities.
Direct delivery of software solutions and prototype product features.
Company-wide technical and product thought leader.
Craftsmanship *
Quickly internalize project requirements and constraints to deliver creative and technically sound solutions aligned with business goals.
Create work at a pace and level of quality consistent with the very best in the industry.
Work comfortably in a range of technologies, including .NET, Javascript, Java and whatever our partners may be using next.
Impact *
Own major initiatives in support of our Commercial team, such as technical proofs-of-concept.
Contribute prototype solutions and product designs informed by customer experience to product development teams.
Demonstrate thought-leadership in architectural approaches and technical solutions with our prospective partners.
Evangelize and advocate for Cosaic solutions, and drive commercial wins.
What you bring *
Flexibility and adaptability to successfully work with a range of tools and technologies.
A passion for clean solutions that focus on delivering business value.
The creative and technical chops to wrangle elegant solutions from disparate parts.
Growth mindset and an always-improving approach.
Ability to thrive in a fluid environment where we continually reassess opportunities.
A no-BS, just-enough-process, manage-the-work approach to getting stuff done.
What we bring *
The time, space, and tools you need to pursue excellence in your craft.
Ownership of your approach in an outcomes-focused environment.
A collaborative team of creative professionals focused on excellence.
Trust that you know how, when, and where you can achieve your best work.
A safe environment where experimentation is welcome, failure is a part of the process, and good ideas are valued from anyone.
Qualifications *
A history of successful accomplishments as a primary contributor to the architecture, design, and development of significant production software solutions.
Significant software engineering experience shipping high-quality production code.
Strong background in .NET and Javascript.
Experience integrating disparate systems.
Interest in performing live demos, giving presentations, and speaking at (virtual for now) events and webinars.
Located in the Chicago area with the ability to travel regularly to NYC (we are fully remote for now, but the person in this role will travel to support our US-based sales teams when it is safe to resume travel).
Nice to have *
Some great Github projects to share.
Experience in consulting or professional services.
Financial services industry experience
Electron
React
Webpack, Gulp and other common tooling
Java
HTML5
Benefits of Working at Cosaic*
Remote First flexible working culture.
Unlimited PTO.
Generous benefits package.
Flat organizational structure, autonomous teams, and minimal management process.
Why Cosaic?

As a growth-stage company we offer the dynamism of a startup with the stability that comes with success. We offer very competitive salaries, medical/dental/vision coverage, generous vacation time, flexible work hours, and free lunch and cold brew daily (when we’re working from an office). Our headquarters are located in downtown Charlottesville and we have offices in New York, London, and Hong Kong. We were recently recognized as the Business of the Year by the Charlottesville Business Innovation Council and rated the #4 Top Place to Work by C- VILLE Weekly. We have also been honored as a Great Place to Work by the Great Place to Work Institute (April 2020 - April 2021).

We’re an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. In recruiting for our team, we welcome candidates from all backgrounds and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, political affiliation, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability, genetic information or any other status protected by law or regulation in the locations where we operate.

At Cosaic, we believe that when people feel respected and included they can be more creative, innovative, successful, and resilient. A safe, welcoming, equitable environment unlocks this potential, enabling us to do our best work for Cosaic, our customers, partners, and communities.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Location:
Chicago, IL (Preferred)
Work Location:
Multiple locations
Fully Remote
On the road
Company's website:
https://cosaic.io
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Yes",4.9,"Cosaic
4.9","Chicago, IL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
168,Senior Data Engineer,"$115k-$120k
(Employer Est.)","****This position is located in Clearwater, FL and is only temporarily remote due to current COVID restrictions.*****

KnowBe4, Inc. is a high growth information security company. We are the world's largest provider of new-school security awareness training and simulated phishing. KnowBe4 was created to help organizations manage the ongoing problem of social engineering. Tens of thousands of organizations worldwide use KnowBe4's platform to mobilize their end users as a last line of defense and enable them to make better security decisions, every day.

We have ranked a best place to work for women, millennials, and in technology nationwide by Fortune Magazine as well as #1 or #2 in The Tampa Bay Top Workplaces Survey for the last five years. We have also had 27 record-setting quarters in a row.

The Senior Data Engineer is responsible for developing, managing and optimizing our data pipelines, architecture, and datasets using Amazon Web Services. He or she will work alongside the developers, data analysts and data scientists to support the organization's data initiatives by evaluating, reviewing, implementing, and building the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources.

Responsibilities:
Design and develop data pipelines and ETL processes to connect with various data sources
Collaborate with Data Architects, Business SMEs, and Data Scientists to design, develop end-to-end data pipeline to meet fast paced organization needs across geographic regions
Support application programming interfaces (APIs), tools, and third-party products to extract data from SaaS applications
Extract data from various systems such as Salesforce.com, NetSuite, and our own products to create data models
Design and maintain enterprise data warehouse models
Deploy updates and fixes and provide technical support as requested
Implement standardized, automated operational and quality control processes to deliver accurate and timely data and reporting to meet or exceed SLAs.
Ensure current and future architecture meets stakeholder needs
Build and manage large scale data systems and ingestion capabilities and infrastructure
Research, recommend, and implement methods to ensure data integrity and quality
Build analytical solutions by manipulating large data sets and integrating diverse data sources
Work closely with the data scientists, and database and systems administrators to create data solutions
Ensure current and future architecture meets stakeholder needs
Build and manage large scale data systems and ingestion capabilities and infrastructure
Implement standardized, automated operational and quality control processes to deliver accurate and timely data and reporting to meet or exceed SLAs.
Perform ad-hoc analysis to meet business requirements, as requested.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field required
A minimum of 4 years of proven work experience as a data engineer
1+ years of Amazon Web Services (AWS) data related services required
Strong understanding of data structures and writing complex data analysis queries
Proven track record of shipping large, complex, data products
Superior organizational, communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Strong understanding of data structures and writing complex data analysis queries
Strong understanding of non-relational data structures and concepts related to BI
Experience with ""big data"" data pipelines and performing root cause analysis
Ability to manipulate, process, and extract value from large disparate data sets
Strong scripting skills: Python, PySpark
ITIL certification a plus
AWS certification a plus
Note: An applicant assessment, background check and drug test may be part of your hiring procedure.

No recruitment agencies, please.",4.8,"KnowBe4
4.8","Clearwater, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
169,Senior Data Architect,"$105k-$169k
(Glassdoor Est.)","If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account.

Company Overview

At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security.

Department Overview
The Service Design Tools & Infrastructure team is a strategic component of Centralized Managed Support Operations (CMSO), responsible for providing exceptional Service Design & innovative technology solutions to enable and empower MSI Centralized Managed Support Operations meet and exceed customer's expectations

Job Description

Define and own the overall data landscape for Motorola Solutions Centralized Managed and Support Operations

Apply architecture related to data flows, integration, and storage of datasets of data from multiple source systems for consolidated views to support reporting, analytics, interfaces, and data science

Responsible for organizing, structuring and storing data in sustainable method that improves usability, data accuracy and definition

Lead a Team of Data architects and Data Scientists delivering AI Ops Initiatives

Overall 8 - 10 years of experience in ITSM, Discovery tools and Data Warehousing and leading large scale data management initiatives

Must have executed large data engagements from inception to production as an Data Warehouse architect

Experience on discovery and data modeling for Telecommunications network and data center infrastructure

Experience of data mining, with strong understanding of data flow and structure

Understanding of logical data models, including use case specific data models and the corresponding model for the data lake and other data repositories

Experience in CMDB like Service definitions and modelling, CI relationships and dependency mapping

Experience in Asset Management and life cycle

Experience in Integration of CMDB with third party applications

Sound understanding of predictive and prescriptive data modelling

Strong AWS DW architecture knowledge and experience of AWS cloud DW like Redshift

Experience integrating the requirements and activities of a Data Governance program into the data architecture in a sustainable methodology

Should be familiar with normalization and reconciliation strategies

Basic Requirements

Minimum of a Bachelors degree and 5+ years of experience

Travel Requirements
None

Relocation Provided
None

Position Type
Experienced

Referral Payment Plan
Yes

EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic.",3.7,"Motorola Solutions
3.7","Schaumburg, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1928,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
170,"Senior Software Engineer, Data Pipeline",-1,"As a Senior Software Engineer you will be part of the engineering team at ServiceTitan to help improve our products and build new ones. This is an exciting role for an engineer to come in and lead the major feature development in the rapidly growing startup. We build for perfection, use the most modern tools on Microsoft .NET platform, have an amazing culture, and love to solve complex problems. If you share the same values, you might find yourself in a perfect company.

As our Senior Software Engineer, you will:
Architect, design, and implement user-facing features end-to-end
Work with product managers, designers, and engineers to prototype and implement product features
Communicate effectively with other engineers, product managers, customers, and partners.
60% development / 40% working on requirements, mentorship, supervision.
To be successful in this role, you'll need:
4+ years of industry experience
Expert-level knowledge of:
Microsoft .NET technology stack (C# / .NET, ASP.NET MVC, Web APIs) and SQL databases (Microsoft SQL Server or any other)
HTML5 and JavaScript; experience such front-end frameworks as React and Knockout.js is a plus
Ability to empathize with our users and champion for their experience.
Ability to use data-driven approach for product decisions. Experience with A/B testing is a plus.
Strong communication and technical writing skills
Experience with Git, unit testing, debugging, profiling, Visual Studio, JIRA, and other tools that are typically used by developers on Microsoft technology stack.
Why ServiceTitan?

1. Work/Life Balance: flexible work schedule, flexible PTO, parental leave
Health & Wellness: company-paid medical/visual/dental insurance, 401(k) retirement plan with company match, lunch provided everyday, fully-stocked kitchens, weekly meditation, wellness rooms, discount on Classpass
Enrichment: professional development workshops, diversity charter groups, an orientation program, career pathing opportunities

Equal Opportunity Employer

ServiceTitan does not discriminate against employees based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, age, disability, pregnancy (including childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical condition), genetic information, protected military or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. At ServiceTitan, our mission is to help our Titans and customers achieve the extraordinary. We are an equal opportunity employer and we celebrate the diversity that each Titan brings to the table. We believe that the convergence of fresh, unique perspectives and experiences from all walks of life is what makes our product and culture so great - and there's always room for more.

CCPA Notice for CA Residents applying to Jobs at ServiceTitan

Please review the CCPA Notice here: ServiceTitan CCPA California Privacy Notice

Life at ServiceTitan

http://instagram.com/lifeatservicetitan | https://www.themuse.com/profiles/servicetitan | https://www.builtinla.com/company/servicetitan-inc

About ServiceTitan

ServiceTitan is a mobile, cloud-based software platform that helps home services companies streamline operations, improve customer service, and grow their business. ServiceTitan's end-to-end solution for the multi-billion dollar residential home services industry includes CRM, intelligent dispatch, custom reporting, marketing automation, mobile solution for field techs, and accounting integration with Intacct and QuickBooks. ServiceTitan brings a fully operational modern SaaS infrastructure to an industry traditionally underserved by software. ServiceTitan is the preferred software for hundreds of the world's most successful plumbing, HVAC, and electrical companies. For more information about ServiceTitan, visit www.ServiceTitan.com.

Forbes Top 100 Software Companies, 2019
Inc 5000 Most Successful Companies in America, 2019
Inc 5000 Best Places to Work, 2019
Los Angeles Business Journal Best Places to Work, 2019
Deloitte Fast 500, 2019
Los Angeles Business Journal Top 100 Fastest Growing Private Companies, 2018
Inc 5000 Best Places to Work, 2018
Inc 5000 America's Fastest Growing Companies, 2018
Glassdoor/Battery Ventures Highest Rated Cloud Computing Companies, 2018
Mogul Top 1000 Companies Worldwide for Millennial Women 2018
Forbes Next Billion-Dollar Startup List, 2017

#LI-ES1",3.5,"ServiceTitan
3.5",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
171,Enterprise Architect (Cloud),"$86k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

Are you looking to join a global technology department for an industry leading financial advisory firm? Fisher Investments is looking for motivated technologists to support our growing business. If you are seeking the opportunity to make an impact as we develop scalable and strategic solutions to support our global growth, we want to hear from you!

The Opportunity:

As the Enterprise Architect, you will plan portions of the enterprise architecture environment as well as act as the steward for architectural principles and standards. You will oversee solution, technical, and business architects to evaluate current technology solutions while planning, designing, and coordinating multi-year roadmaps for all applications and support activities. In addition, you will survey the technology landscape to identify solutions and systems to be implemented at Fisher Investments. You will help align Fisher’s enterprise priorities to architecture design, and guide the evolution of the current architecture environment to support future capabilities, capacity and scalability.

The Day-to-Day:

Define the architecture and select the platforms (both cloud and on-premise), products, and vendors to be utilized for programs across the enterprise
Lead the creation and application of cloud-focused principles and standards to ensure a scalable, flexible, resilient, and secure environment for Fisher
Assist technology and business groups as they build capabilities around advanced analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning
Ensure the architecture of applications and systems (e.g., Cloudera, Salesforce) are consistent with enterprise needs and to ascertain how application solutions should be leveraged to meet those enterprise needs
Oversee cross-functional Business and Technology teams to evaluate current technology solutions and plan, design and coordinate multi-year roadmaps for all applications and support activities
Survey the technology landscape to identify systems and solutions that align with firm strategy while collaborating with the Chief Enterprise Architect and executive leadership to recommend, implement and maintain appropriate technology solutions
Act as the subject matter expert to Technology Business Services, Infrastructure and Operations, 3rd party vendors, and implementation partners
Facilitate optimization of current state architecture, leveraging cloud-based technologies where appropriate
Implement enterprise vision and goals that result in achievement and success through leadership skills, collaboration, creative thinking, while maintaining the confidence of key stakeholders

Qualifications:

10+ years combination of solution, technical, and business architecture experience with 7+ years’ experience leading solution and/or technical architecture teams at a financial services firm
Bachelor’s degree in information systems or related technical field
Advanced knowledge and experience with application architectures, middleware architectures, and technology architectures (both cloud and on-premise)
Understanding of market / industry trends and architecture frameworks
Demonstrated knowledge of how to use architecture and automation to drive agility, and how to shift architecture and development practices to integrate legacy systems with modern architectures
Experience implementing multiple complex enterprise level changes simultaneously, including how to drive and measure adoption of standards/best practices
Prior experience architecting full-stack solutions and building development capabilities on the Azure Cloud Platform
Experience integrating on-premise systems with SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS platforms
Experience with Cloudera Data Platform, or its recent predecessors

Why Fisher Investments:

Fisher Investments is a different kind of investment firm. We don’t come from Wall Street, nor do we believe we fit in with most of the finance industry, and we’re proud of that. We work for a bigger purpose: bettering the investment universe. From unmatched service to innovative perspectives on investing, it’s the people that make the Fisher purpose possible. After all, it’s our people that enable us to offer the level of service that we do. And we invest in them accordingly, offering exceptional benefits like:

100% coverage of premiums for health, vision and dental insurance
A 50% 401(k) match, up to the IRS maximum
20 days of PTO*, plus 9 paid holidays
Back-up Child Care Program available, offering up to 10 days annually
And much, much more

We take great pride in our inclusive culture. We value the different perspectives and unique skills you bring to the team – it makes us all better. Success at Fisher Investments is driven by results, a collaborative mindset and a commitment to accomplishing great things – so if you are ready to do that, we are ready for you! Apply today to be a part of a team environment where you can contribute, collaborate, and make a difference in the lives of people by bettering the investment universe.

We also provide a cumulative, continuous learning and development framework customized for every employee. This emphasis on personal and professional growth has yielded an award-winning work environment; we’re Great Place to Work Certified, and The Oregonian named us as a Top Workplace! But in the end, it’s not the perks that keep people here. They stay because they believe in our mission of service—our employees want to make a difference in an industry that can do better.
California employees accrue up to 17 days of PTO and 3 days of sick time per year.
FISHER INVESTMENTS IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

#DI",3.3,"Fisher Investments
3.3","Plano, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1979,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
172,Data Engineer,"$108k-$192k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer

The data team designs, implements and scales data pipelines that transform raw data into actionable models and metrics that enable insight. This team owns the pipelines that transport and process database data from all of Asana's product surfaces. We build and operate the infrastructure and services that ensure data accuracy and data availability for data scientists, analysts, and business and product teams.

We are looking for a data engineer to found our product data engineering team. This team will have ownership of the core data pipelines powering Asana's metrics and partner with our existing data infrastructure team, data science team, and cross-functional partners to help evolve our analytic data model as data volume grows and new needs arise to support the growth of the business.

What you'll achieve
Architect, build, and launch scalable data pipelines to support Asana's growing data processing and analytics needs. Some upcoming projects you may work on include designing and implementing pipelines that deliver data with high quality, consistency, and timeliness. Evangelize high-quality software engineering practices for building data infrastructure and pipelines at scale.
Produce foundational data tables and metrics with clear definitions, lineage, and test coverage to ensure that data is reliable, intelligible, and maintainable
Understand and influence logging frameworks and practices to support our data flow, architecting logging best practices where needed
Implement systems to track data quality and consistency
Partner with business domain experts, data scientists and analysts, and engineering teams to build a roadmap for foundational data sets that are aligned with business goals and that enable self-service. Some upcoming projects you may work on include evolving data models and schemas based on business, product, and engineering needs to facilitate data-driven decisions and features across Asana. Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources; develop relationships with product engineering teams to manage our analytic data model as the Asana product evolves.
About you
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Engineering, or a related quantitative field, or equivalent experience
5+ years of industry experience in software engineering or data engineering
Experience using coding languages Python, Java, Scala
Experience using workflow management engines (e.g. Airflow, Luigi, Prefect, Dagster, digdag.io, Google Cloud Composer, AWS Step Functions, Azure Data Factory, UC4, Control-M)
Experience with Hadoop or similar ecosystem (MapReduce, Yarn, HDFS, Hive, Spark, Presto, Pig, HBase, Parquet)
Effective in working across team boundaries to establish overarching data architecture, and provide guidance to individual teams
Expertise in relational databases and query authoring (SQL)
About us

At Asana, we're building a better way to work, fueled by transparency, inclusion, and technology that is a force for positive change. Asana is a work management platform that helps teams orchestrate their work, from daily tasks to strategic initiatives, so they can move faster and accomplish more with less. For the past 5 years, we've been named a top workplace, including top 10 Great Place to Work Best Small & Medium Workplaces, #1 Fortune Best Workplaces in the Bay Area, #8 Fortune Best Workplaces for Women, and one of Ireland's Best Workplaces. With offices all over the world, we are always looking for curious, collaborative, and mission-driven people to help us enable the world's teams to work together effortlessly.

We believe in supporting people to do their best work and thrive, and building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive company is core to our mission. Our goal is to ensure that Asana upholds an inclusive environment where all people feel that they are equally respected and valued, whether they are applying for an open position or working at the company. We welcome applicants of any educational background, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, age, citizenship, socioeconomic status, disability, and veteran status.

More information:
Rethinking the org chart: Areas of Responsibility (AoRs)
Distributed responsibility: An engineering manager's perspective
The Pyramid of Clarity",4.9,"Asana
4.9","San Francisco, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
173,Senior Solution Architect - Infrastructure,"$92k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

W.R. Grace is seeking a Senior Solution Architect is the lead technical resource responsible for evaluating, designing, implementing and maintaining the core foundational infrastructure services required by Grace to achieve its business objectives. This person will report to the Manager of Core IT Infrastructure and will be located in Columbia, MD. This person must possess a broad knowledge of infrastructure technologies necessary for effectively implementing and supporting critical systems. They will also be responsible leverage traditional on-premise, cloud, and hybrid infrastructure to achieve cost-effective, secure, and reliable solutions for Grace’s foundational computing needs. These solutions will require expertise in networking, directory services, virtualization, security and cloud architectures.

Other Responsibilities Include:

Assess best data centers (on-premise/cloud) and infrastructure components (network, server, storage, systems, security) to implement solutions.
Research new and emerging technologies, coordinate opportunity assessments, and proofs-of-concept to maintain awareness of industry’s direction.
Assist all phases of enterprise architecture development and implementation.
Design/Deploy Hybrid Cloud solutions (Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure) to provide seamless integration with existing on-premises solutions.
Perform systems design, administration, documenting, maintenance, monitoring and support of physical and virtual servers in a 24/7 enterprise production environment.
Perform infrastructure changes, performance tuning, backups, and migrations.
Provide infrastructure support to developers working on applications that use Microsoft Windows and Linux.
Participate in monthly weekend maintenance activity to apply system patches and upgrades as required.
Participate in the design, testing, execution, and run-book creation of disaster recovery plans.
Assist in developing IT budgetary estimates for any new infrastructure solutions required to support goals and initiatives.
Occasional travel required, up to 10% possible.
Required Skills
Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills
Strong documentation skills (visio, flow diagrams, etc…)
Strong networking experience
Virtualization: SDDC concepts, VMware vSphere Suite 6.5 +, vCenters/Hosts/Clusters, Replication, SRM, and Horizon View VDI
Microsoft Windows: Windows Server 2012r2 +, Active Directory, Group Policy Objects (GPO) authoring and deployment, DNS concepts – zones/forwarders/integrated, Powershell scripting, PKI (Root and intermediate CA), SSO/ADFS/SAML
Cloud/Hybrid Services Concepts (Azure/AWS/GCP), Benefits, High Availability, Scalability, Elasticity, Fault Tolerance, and Disaster Recovery
Linux (SLES) experience
Required Experience
Bachelor’s Degree in information systems, computer science or related major
Project management experience
6+ years' experience in designing, integrating and managing complex network and system infrastructure solutions including cloud solutions
Extensive knowledge of network architectures and virtualization technologies
Preferred Qualifications
AWS/Azure Cloud certification

#WRGSJI

Grace is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Grace via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Grace. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Grace as a result of the referral or through other means.",3.7,"W. R. Grace & Co.
3.7","Columbia, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1854,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
174,IAM Architect,"$57k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*IAM Architect*
Alpharetta, Georgia, USA*
*Every day, Global Payments makes it possible for millions of people to move money between buyers and sellers using our payments solutions for credit, debit, prepaid and merchant services. Our worldwide team helps over 3 million companies, more than 1,300 financial institutions and over 600 million cardholders grow with confidence and achieve amazing results. We are driven by our passion for success and we are proud to deliver best-in-class payment technology and software solutions. Join our dynamic team and make your mark on the payments technology landscape of tomorrow. *
Global Payments is the parent company for TSYS, Netspend, Heartland, TouchNet, OpenEdge, Xenial, Greater Giving, ACTIVE Network, and AdvancedMD. Headquartered in Georgia with over 24,000 employees worldwide, Global Payments is a member of the S&P 500 with worldwide reach spanning over 100 countries throughout North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America. For more information, visit globalpaymentsinc.com and follow Global Payments on Twitter (@globalpayments), LinkedIn and Facebook.*
Summary of This Role*
Experience working in AWS and Okta for IAM, security reviewing/security assessing applications IAM needs; ability to lead with influence rather than fiat; ability to understand a*
solution quickly and identify key threats/and risks, and how to fix.*
Responsible for the Implementation, Security, Maintenance and Access Administration of Information Security managed technologies, to include access controls across mainframe and distributed platforms. Focus may be in one or more of the following areas, Mainframe, Enterprise Identity and Access Management, HPNSK/Tandem, Identity Administration, and/or Enterprise Role Based Access Control (E-RBAC). Required to understand, adhere and enforce departmental and Corporate Security standards, policies and procedures.*
What Part Will You Play?*
*Assist the IAM team in integrating*
*Cloud IAM solutions into OKTA. Work with Scrum teams and architects on IAM solutions*
*AWS Experience, CI/CD/GitOps experience, and IAM architecture or engineering experience. Some experience working in an Infrastructure as Code environment, and a willingness to help define security standards for use by multiple teams.*
*Work with Scrum teams to identify their IAM requirements.*
*Work with IAM and Scrum teams to help architect IAM solutions that are secure, compliant, automated, and scalable.*
*Provides expertise and advice as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for access administration and troubleshooting of Identity and Access Management (IAM) tools, applications and assigned technologies. This ensures appropriate access and meets internal/external data security requirements.*
*Reviews maintenance reports and violation logs to detect and employ solutions that deter existing and future unauthorized access that may be a threat to corporate, client, and team member security; designs controls to mitigate future threats.*
*Uses a comprehensive understanding of multiple IAM, operational and security technologies, to lead the analysis, design and deployment of IAM architecture and other security projects to proactively identify and mitigate organizational risk, streamline access management activities, ensure resources are secured, and adapt to changing threat landscapes.*
*Creates, maintains, reviews and approves new relevant documentation to include, but not limited to, Standard Operating Procedures, project change control methodologies, and architectural diagrams. Provides adequate support and processes for maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and availability of critical security systems.*
What Are We Looking For in This Role?*
Minimum Qualifications*
*Bachelor's Degree*
*Relevant Experience or Degree in: Business or IT related field and/or the equivalent of training and experience*
*Typically Minimum 8+ Years Relevant Exp*
*AWS, 5+ years IAM architect*
*AWS Security Professional, AWS Architect Professional, CCSP, CISSP*
*Responsible for the implementation, security, maintenance and access administration of information security managed technologies*
*Must have the ability to pass and maintain a government level security clearance*
Preferred Qualifications*
*Bachelor's Degree*
*Computer Science, Information Security, Information Assurance, Audit, related technical field and/or the equivalent of training and experience*
*Typically Minimum 4 Years Relevant Exp*
*Experience supporting UNIX, Windows Server, mainframe and/or HP NonStop systems. Experience with remote administration tools, basic networking concepts, Help Desk support, scripting/programming and/or logical access administration using security products (ACF2, Active Directory, LDAP, etc.).*
*Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), GIAC Security Essentials Certification (GSEC) or other industry recognized Information Security certification strongly preferred*
What Are Our Desired Skills and Capabilities?*
*Skills / Knowledge - Having broad expertise or unique knowledge, uses skills to contribute to development of company objectives and principles and to achieve goals in creative and effective ways. Barriers to entry such as technical committee review may exist at this level.*
*Job Complexity - Works on significant and unique issues where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangibles. Exercises independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Creates formal networks involving coordination among groups.*
*Supervision - Acts independently to determine methods and procedures on new or special assignments. May supervise the activities of others.*
*Problem Resolution - Pinpoints potential trouble; seeks, implements standard and alternative solutions to problems*
*Applications and Systems - Utilizes, configures and monitors security using Identity and Access Management technologies to meet internal and external requirements for data security*
*Project Management - Plans, organizes, motivates and controls resources to achieve defined goals*
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $96,931.00 - $148,751.00 per year

Experience:
Identity & access management: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
tsys.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.0,"TSYS
3.0","Alpharetta, GA",-1,10000+ Employees,1983,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
175,Senior Data Engineer,"$132k-$231k
(Glassdoor Est.)","With the continued impact of COVID-19 and social distancing measures, Kensho is conducting all interviews and on-boarding activities remotely. At the present time, all employees are working remotely, until further notice. When the time comes to open our offices, Kensho will fully support those employees who would like to continue working remotely and not ask anyone to return to the office until they are comfortable.

At Kensho, we hire talented people and give them the freedom, support, and resources needed to build cutting edge technology and products for our parent company, S&P Global. As a result, we produce technology that is scalable, robust, and solves the challenges of one of the world’s largest, most successful financial institutions.

We are seeking experienced Data Engineers to join our Data Engineering Team. The team is responsible for architecting, implementing, and maintaining Kensho’s data ingestion, processing, and storage solutions. They work with stakeholders across Kensho and S&P to map the data landscape, triage data requirements, and design and implement a comprehensive data strategy.

Our ideal candidate has 5+ years of experience with the tasks and skills below, has been recognized as a technical leader, and has demonstrated success:
- Designing, coordinating, and implementing production data platforms using industry standard and/or open source software
- Navigating between project management, technical leadership, and individual contributor roles
- Negotiating between new requirements, legacy systems, technical debt, and best practices
- Mentoring colleagues on data engineering best practices and systems design.

What You'll Do:
Work with industry standard and/or open source software such as PostgreSQL, Kafka, Airflow, Hive, etc.
Implement and maintain a data management and governance framework
Support machine learning and application teams by setting up custom data solutions
Design, maintain, and scale Kensho’s data pipeline and document processing platform
Build event and batch driven ingestion systems for stand-alone software products, machine learning R&D, and API services
Develop and administer databases, knowledge bases, and distributed data stores
Create and use systems to clean, integrate, or fuse datasets to produce data products
Perform continuous and periodic studies on systems cost efficiency, performance, and overall health
Establish and monitor data integrity and value through visualization, profiling, and statistical tools
Implement and maintain a data management and governance framework
What You'll Need:
Experience with various data-store technologies, distributed messaging platforms, or data processing framework
Experience designing, architecting and building reliable data pipelines
Experience working with large structured and unstructured data sets
Effective coding, documentation, and communication habits
Proficient understanding of distributed computing principles
Experience integrating/fusing data from multiple data sources
Knowledge of various ETL techniques, frameworks, and best practices
Project management and organizational skills
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
(Bonus) Experience with Site Reliability Engineering, DevOps (CICD), and Cloud Administration


At Kensho, we pride ourselves on providing top-of-market benefits, including:
- Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance
- 100% company paid premiums
- Unlimited Paid Time Off
- 18 weeks of 100% paid Parental Leave (paternity and maternity)
- 401(k) plan with 6% employer matching
- Generous company matching on donations to non-profit charities
- Up to $20,000 tuition assistance toward degree programs, plus up to $4,000/year for ongoing professional education such as industry conferences
- Plentiful snacks, drinks, and regularly catered lunches
- Dog-friendly office (CAM office)
- In-office gyms and showers (CAM, DC) or Equinox membership (LA, NYC)
- Stipend towards commuter or gym reimbursement
- Bike sharing program memberships
- Compassion leave and elder care leave
- Mentoring and additional learning opportunities
- Opportunity to expand professional network and participate in conferences and events
About Kensho
Kensho uses machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and data visualization techniques to solve some of the hardest analytical problems and create breakthrough financial intelligence solutions for our parent company, S&P Global.
Kensho was founded in 2013 by Harvard & MIT alums and was acquired by S&P Global in 2018. Kensho continues to operate as a startup in order to maintain our distinct, independent brand and to promote our breakthrough, innovative culture. Our team of Kenshins enjoy a dynamic and collaborative work environment that runs autonomously from S&P, while leveraging the unparalleled breadth and depth of data and resources available as part of S&P Global. As Kenshins, we pride ourselves on maintaining an innovative culture that depends on diversity and inclusion.
We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes future Kenshins with all experiences and perspectives. Kensho is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with offices in New York City, Washington D.C. and Los Angeles. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.1,"Kensho
4.1","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
176,Mid-Level Application Architect,-1,"POSITION BACKGROUND*
HumanTouch* is supporting a government client that is undertaking a strategic initiative to re-engineer its current business processes and technology solutions to streamline and modernize data collection and ingestion operations across the Enterprise. This effort will result in a solution that supports key business area functions, as it relates to modernization of the management, collection and processing of data in a secure manner. This work focuses on high performance application architecture, system architecture, and system engineering. Additional areas of focus include governance, change management, configuration management, solution integration and design, in addition to providing oversight for development and testing. Review of and input to System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) documentation of the projects and supporting components is also a key task component. The program activities utilize the SAFE Agile Framework to capture requirements, features, and develop user stories.
RESPONSIBILITIES*
The *Mid-level Applications Architect* position is an integral part of our delivery team and is responsible for working with our team of subject matter experts, alongside our federal clients, to ensure the design of a robust application architecture that will realize their requirements/needs. The Mid-level Applications Architect will provide input and guidance to Alternatives of Analyses and weigh in on project team solutions, providing recommendations for solution architecture design and development. This candidate will participate in requirements’ gathering and analysis sessions, providing expert insight towards best software and solutions. The candidate will communicate in group settings, making recommendations to a broader audience on best practices. He/she will be responsible for participating in problem analysis and system design sessions as part of an Agile development team. The candidate will also be responsible for providing guidance towards the integration and implementation of related applications components: including front-end development, server-side development, and database integration. The Mid-level Applications Architect will be responsible for helping our team provide recommendations for optimal system performance based on the requirements identified.
WORK EXPERIENCE*
Desired Skills and Experience: *
7+ years' of work experience developing applications, and in designing and developing web pages and web-based products
Proficient in Java, Angular, PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML and web APIs
Experience in D3 and JavaScript or a high competency in using existing tools such as R-shinny, SAS VA, Natural Language Processing, Python, Metlab, Hibernate, Tableau, etc.
Experience with Cross browser development/compatibility
Experience with JQuery
Experience with Application Architecture in the Cloud
Experience with the Pega platform
Experience with Test Driven Development and Debugging
Experience with cloud-based development
Experience in Agile, SAFe or iterative development methodologies
Excellent problem solving skills
Ability to communicate effectively across diverse audiences
WORK EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS*
Background in application architecture and software design with the ability to support the modernization efforts. The candidate must have a minimum of ten (10) years’ of experience. The ideal candidate will have a strong background well-grounded in software, solutions, and systems architecture frameworks, as well as best practice software design and engineering principles; experience with gap analyses and AoAs; understanding of cloud technologies, data lakes; and breadth of knowledge across applications and toolsets.

The candidate must be able to develop and present briefings to stakeholders across the enterprise, and lead technical discussions effectively.
EDUCATION*
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, and Physics or in an appropriate discipline.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $160,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Discount
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Referral Program
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Java: 7 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Suitland, MD 20746 (Required)
Application Question:
Are you a US Citizen with the ability to get a public trust clearance?
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
www.humantouchllc.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/humanTouchLLC/
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.5,"Human Touch LLC
3.5","Suitland, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
177,Development Solutions Architect,-1,"Summary*
As a Development Solutions Architect for CadmiumCD Event Management Software you will be responsible for looking at the overall company goals and use your technical skills and strategic thinking to build the strategies and software that allow these goals to become a reality. By joining the CadmiumCD team, you will be involved with the strategic plans to modernize our products, set standards, develop roadmaps for the future state, and be technically involved with the implementation. This is a fast-paced, changing role that requires quick-thinking, well-developed interpersonal skills, and an established understanding of modern technologies.
Duties & Responsibilities*
· Design software systems with Microsoft .Net technologies and ensure compliance to requirements

· Coordinate with various teams and analyze current system functionality

· Design architecture for various different components and validate tools

· Review infrastructure for any issues and recommend solutions

· Develop principles, standards, and best practices for development teams

· Provide training and mentoring of .Net to ensure appropriate implementation of solutions

· Design, Develop and Implement modernized .Net solutions for various components as an individual contributor

· Implement, test, and bug-fix functionality
Requirements*
· Expert with Architectural Patterns, Architecture and Product Road mapping, Multi-tier Application Architecture

· Expert of Object Oriented Programming and Design Principles

· Must have a balanced mix of technical and architecture skills, and will as an individual contributor on implementation

· Experience with highly available, large scale, multi-platform systems

· Expert with .NET frameworks, REST APIs, and Azure

· Experience with modernizing ASP classic to .Net

· Ability to design, build, and maintain efficient and reliable C#, VB.net code

· Experience with Microsoft SQL Server and database management

· Ability to train development team members on .Net

· Knowledge and experience with _ASP.NET_ tools and compilers, debugging techniques
Soft Skills*
· Analytical thinker with attention to detail

· Excellent written and verbal communication skills

· Planning/Time Management

· Strong Analysis and Problem Solving skills

· Strategic Thinking

· Strong negotiation & collaboration skills

· Team player with the willingness to do whatever is needed to move a project forward

· Ability to work outside of your defined role when necessary

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $97,772.00 - $119,499.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Overtime
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Company's website:
www.CadmiumCD.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"CadmiumCD
5.0","Forest Hill, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
178,Data Management Architect,-1,"JOB DESCRIPTION

THE TEAM YOU WILL BE JOINING:

Highly innovative manufacturing/distribution company with revenues in excess of $5B annually
Industry leading market influencer experiencing strong growth, both organically and inorganically
Forward thinking organization committed to investing in cutting edge technology and resources to support growth

WHAT THEY OFFER YOU:

New Executive Leadership that is highly engaged offering both experience and knowledge, VERY collaborative work environment
See your impact on the business – a great opportunity to contribute at both strategic and tactical levels during a period of exciting change for the company
Dynamic employees with great morale, low turnover while offering growth opportunities
Excellent benefits and work environment

WHY THIS ROLE IS IMPORTANT:

Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques
Analyze and manage master data across multiple domains such as Customer, Product, Consumer
Analyze and manage 3rd Party and other external data sets
Leverage data science skills to automate data management
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquire data, profile and clean in collaboration with data stewards
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Define and implement data quality rules
Proactively analyze data to increase quality as it relates to accuracy, completeness, consistency, integrity, timeliness, conformity, and validity.
Communicate and present to internal associates and external parties

THE BACKGROUND THAT FITS

Masters in Computer Science, Information Management or Data Science
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of databases, SQL, programming (Python)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical/data science packages for analyzing datasets
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, visualization and presenting findings
Experience working in an agile team
Strong oral and written communication skills
Self-starter with excellent interpersonal skills, accountability, and project management skills
Ability to work under pressure in a demanding, fast-paced environment and to work under tight time constraints and meet deadlines",2.6,"AccruePartners
2.6","Huntersville, NC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
179,Data Architect,"$106k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Architect

Recently named Best Place to Work by MM&M, The Holmes Report, PR News, PRWeek, and AdAge, W2O is an integrated marketing and communications firm powered by analytics and specializing in healthcare. We are currently seeking a talented Data Architect to join our growing team of pharmaceutical advertising, technology and data professionals. This is a great opportunity to join a dynamic, fast-growing global agency.

Role:

As a Data Architect on the technology team, you'll be responsible for building and maintaining our data warehouse environment, maintaining our internal data processes, and implementing and supporting business intelligence capabilities across multiple business divisions. You will play a key role in helping design our enterprise data architecture to support overarching data governance and related initiatives such as data architecture management, data security management, and data quality management.

This role will be that of an over-arching Data guru. The ideal candidate will connect and work closely with Data Warehousing, Data Analytics, Engineering and Data Sciences as well as Product and Project Management. They will be responsible for solving some of the most complex and high scale data challenges in our industry while impacting the lives of healthcare professionals and their patients. They must be technologically curious, driven to work with some of newest data technologies on the marketplace today. They will be a visionary and a key driver in the rapid adoption and scalability of crucial data warehousing and cloud-based technologies.

This Data Architect will collaborate with executive level internal and external stakeholders. They will lead the development, delivery and implement of AI, IOT, data engineering and data analytics projects which will leverage data to develop industry leading business insights. This person will focus on solutions such as machine learning, IoT, batch/real-time data processing, data and business intelligence while ensuring enterprise wide data security and integrity.

Responsibilities
Expertise with AWS services such as Athena, Glue, Lambda, S3, DynamoDB, NoSQL, Relational Database Service (RDS), Amazon EMR and Amazon Redshift.
Expertise with GCP resources including BigQuery and GCS
Plan and execute complex data analyses using SQL and other tools
Delivery of cloud architecture to support new distributed computing solutions that often span the full array of cloud services. This will include migration of existing applications and development of new applications using cloud services.
Own the Insights gleaned by the creation of advanced technology roadmaps. Share real world implementations and recommend new capabilities that would simplify adoption and drive greater value.
Innovate and engage with key technology stakeholders to create a compelling vision of a data-driven enterprise environment and the impact it will have on their teams, their projects and their outcomes.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree is required while a Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or Math, with Advanced certifications are highly desirable.
Hands on experience leading enterprise wide data warehousing and analytics projects
Ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges in an enterprise environment
Ability to collaborate effectively across organizations
Understanding of database and analytical technologies in the industry including MPP and NoSQL databases, Data Warehouse design, PostgreSQL, BI reporting and Dashboard development
Demonstrated industry efficiency in the fields of database, data warehousing or data sciences
Implementing AWS services in a variety of distributed computing, enterprise environments
Customer facing skills with the ability to drive discussions with senior leadership regarding trade-offs, best practices and risk mitigation
Desire and ability to interact with all levels of the organization
W2O Group offers a comprehensive benefit program and perks, including unlimited and flexible PTO, expanded paid leave for new parents including a 4th Trimester program that helps new parents transition back to work, and a five-week sabbatical program. Other perks include Income Protection, Retirement plans/401(k) match, and cell phone savings plans. Learn more about our great benefits and perks at: http://www.w2ogroup.com/

W2O Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We foster an environment that embraces diversity. We are stronger with a wider range of opinions, strengths, and backgrounds to achieve our goals.",4.0,"W2O
4.0","Austin, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
180,Senior IT Data Engineer,"$81k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Job Description:

As the Senior IT Data Engineer, you will be a member of a multi-disciplinary team that supports the Joint Regional Security Stack (JRSS). You interface with other technical teams, DISA personnel, vendor technical support, and with technical representatives from DoD services. You will work as part of an integrated, cross-platform team to provide military base/post/camp/station migration support services DoD-wide as the JRSS stacks are deployed and used for operations. You will leverage your understanding of Kafka, modern data architectures and Data Streaming to support the design, development, implementation and automation of enterprise level solutions for our DoD customers. You will support requirements analysis, systems design, integration, testing, and associated documentation. You will also provide tier 3 support for the operations and maintenance of fielded systems.

Primary Responsibilities
Support the design and implement the Data Ingest pipeline

Ensure throughput and capacity of Kafka Connect
Normalize data feeds into a common schema for ingestion into Elastic and into mission partner systems
Enrich data feeds with derived metadata
Route incoming data feeds into topic topology
Support the addition of new data sources
Support changes in schemas
Implement any data reduction strategies such as duplicate event aggregation

Support the design, publishing and maintenance of schemas

Schema design and optimization
Maintain Schema Registry
Work with mission partners to leverage schemas and data

Develop connectors for non-standard data sources

Manage Topics

Establish naming conventions
Design topic hierarchies
Optimize and manage partitions
Design and manage partition placement
Handle partition balancing

Support the development and implementation of automation

Build out Ansible deployment of Confluent components
Build out Ansible deployment of replication configuration
Manage Ansible for operations (upgrades, scaling, etc.)
Provide Ansible toolkit for mission partners

Build User Defined Functions (UDF) to support real time streaming data processing & analytics in KSQL

Build, optimize, and maintain KStreams processing jobs

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience/combined education, with 12+ years of experience; or 10+ years of professional experience with a related Master’s degree.
Experience with Kafka
Experience with RedHat Linux
Experience with KSQL
Experience with Ansible
Experience with data architectures and data streaming
U.S. citizenship and an active DoD Secret clearance. In addition, you must be able to successfully obtain up to Top Secret based on requirements from the customer and program.
DoD 8570 IATII certification

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with enterprise level architecture design and development
Experience with container technologies
Experience with multiple scripting/programming languages (e.g., Python, Java, etc.)
Good Debugging Skills and troubleshooting skills
Good written and oral communication skills

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
Yes

Clearance Level Required:
Secret

Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Engineering

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company’s 38,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Va., Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $11.09 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2020. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Fort Meade, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
181,Principal Data Engineer,-1,"Job Description: Principal Data Engineer

Role

As a Principal Data Engineer at Zylotech, you have experience with and knowledge of the rapidly evolving ecosystem of cloud-native software. The successful candidate will:
Be well versed in structured and unstructured data
Be able to build the pipelines that move data throughout the enterprise
Know a ton about data; how to clean it, move it and store it
Deeply familiarity with cloud tech and infrastructure
We are looking for a team player with experience developing applications for large enterprises. You will be experienced in agile product development methodologies. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record showing commitment to and sense of urgency for project timelines. This position will report to the VP of Engineering.

Responsibilities will include:
Technical design and implementation of features in Zylotech’s CDP Platform to improve distributed database installation, upgrade, orchestration, administration, configuration, and diagnostics
Influence the design of database clustering & fault tolerance features based on their interaction with the deployment mechanisms
Provide technical leadership and support for junior members of the team by conducting thorough design and code reviews
Diagnose, debug, and resolve technical issues discovered during the development process and coming from customers
Partner and collaborate with Product Management to define, prioritize and implement product features
Participate in and provide leadership to Agile/Scrum ceremonies
Organization

You will report to the VP of Engineering.

Required Skills:
5+ years of experience in software development in a software product environment developing Linux applications, including: NodeJS, Python, or other Linux-based development products
Strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software engineering practices for sustainable development
Fluent in Python programming on Linux
Experience using or building infrastructure-as-code tools such as Docker or Kubernetes
Experience building or operating solutions on cloud platforms like AWS and GCP
Technical / project lead, architecture, and other experience desired
Expertise with development of RESTful Web Services
Experience with Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery
Ability to collaborate in a team environment, and able to adapt effectively and quickly to a rapidly changing environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Experience or comfort working in a startup environment
Team player
Desired Skills:
SaaS platform development and support
Experience with Snowflake
Experience with Google Cloud Platform, AWS and Cloud applications
Apache Airflow
devops
Docker
Kubernetes
CircleCI
Git
Jira
Distributed systems
Systems programing
Networking
Security
Operating system integration
About Zylotech

Zylotech is a self-learning customer intelligence platform that helps marketers create complete customer profiles for targeting revenue opportunities more effectively. Powered by AutoML, the platform continuously unifies and enriches internal and external data, and performs ongoing micro-segmentation, pattern discovery, and recommendations, all while integrating with a variety of marketing clouds for on-demand accessibility. Zylotech’s cross-industry clients have reported up to a 6x increase in customer lift. For more information, visit Zylotech.com.

Zylotech is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant because of race, creed, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, veteran status, military status, application for military service or any other class protected by state or federal law.

To all recruitment agencies: Zylotech does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Zylotech employees or any other company location. Zylotech is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly.

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer-sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.

Zylotech participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your

Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. For more

information on E-Verify please contact the Department of Homeland Security at

dhs.gov/e-verify or 888-897-7781.",3.4,"Zylotech
3.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
182,AI Services Solutions Architect,"$83k-$137k
(Glassdoor Est.)","· 3+ years of experience in technical sales and architecture design with focus on AI services for computer vision, language / speech, bots, anomaly detection, text search, forecasting, or personalization.
· 3+ years of experience with streaming & batch services, API development, NoSQL databases, and Serverless technologies.
· 3+ years of experience with DevOps tools to build CI/CD pipelines and automation of cloud services deployment.
· 3+ years of design/implementation/consulting experience building public cloud solutions.
· 5+ years professional experience in software development in languages like Python, Java, or Scala.
· 5+ Experience working with RESTful API and general service-oriented architectures.
· Experience communicating effectively across internal and external organizations, for complex mission-critical solutions

Are you passionate about Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning? Are you passionate about helping customers build solutions leveraging the state-of-the-art AI/ML/DL tools on Amazon Web Service (AWS)? Come join us!

At Amazon, we’ve been investing deeply in artificial intelligence for over 20 years, and many of the capabilities customers experience are driven by machine learning. Amazon.com’s recommendations engine is driven by machine learning (ML), as are the paths that optimize robotic picking routes in our fulfillment centers. Our supply chain, forecasting, and capacity planning are also informed by ML algorithms. Alexa is fueled by Natural Language Understanding and Automated Speech Recognition deep learning; as is Prime Air, and the computer vision technology in our new retail experience, Amazon Go. We have thousands of engineers at Amazon committed to machine learning and deep learning, and it’s a big part of our heritage.

Within AWS, we’re focused on bringing that knowledge and capability to customers through three layers of the AI stack: 1) Frameworks and Infrastructure with tools like Apache MxNet and TensorFlow, 2) Machine Learning Platforms such as Amazon SageMaker for data scientists and 3) API-driven Services like Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, Amazon Transcribe, Amazon Comprehend, Amazon Forecast, Amazon Personalize, and Amazon Rekognition to quickly add intelligence to applications with a simple API call.

AWS is looking for an AI Services Solutions Architect (Artificial Intelligence SA), who will be the Subject Matter Expert (SME) for helping customers in the AMERICAS design solutions that leverage our AI services. You will partner with Solution Architects, Sales, Business Development and the AI Service teams to enable customer adoption and revenue attainment for Amazon Transcribe, Amazon Rekognition, Amazon Comprehend, Amazon Forecast, Amazon Personalize, and the other AWS AI services in the AMERICAS. You will develop white papers, blogs, reference implementations, labs, and presentations to evangelize AWS AI design patterns and best practices for all of the AWS AI services. And, most important - you will act as the steward for developing winning AI capabilities for our customers.

If you are a qualified and accepted candidate, you may work out of any of the following cities: Southern California (i.e. south of San Diego to north of Los Angeles), Bay Area California, or Seattle.

Travel up to 50% across the AMERICAs may be possible.

Roles and Responsibilities
· Thought Leadership – Evangelize AWS AI services and share best practices through forums such as AWS blogs, white-papers, reference architectures and public-speaking events such as AWS Summit, AWS re:Invent, etc.
· Partner with SAs, Sales, Business Development and the AI Service teams to accelerate customer adoption and revenue attainment in the AMERICAS for Amazon Comprehend, Amazon Rekognition, Amazon Transcribe, Amazon Lex, Amazon Translate, Amazon Polly, Amazon Forecast, Amazon Personalize, and the other AI services.
· Act as a technical liaison between customers and the AI services engineering teams to provide customer driven product improvement feedback.
· Develop and support an AWS internal community of AI related subject matter experts in the AMERICAS.

· Experience influencing and building mindshare convincingly with any audience. Confident and experienced in public speaking to large audiences.
· Experience with AWS SageMaker or other Data Science platforms
· Professional experience architecting/operating solutions built on AWS
· Experience with ingesting and processing structured and unstructured data at scale.
· Experience deploying production-grade solutions on public cloud platforms
· Experience with AWS AI services including Amazon Comprehend, Amazon Rekognition, Amazon Transcribe, Amazon Lex, Amazon Translate, Amazon Polly, Amazon Forecast, and Amazon Personalize.
· Experience with AWS services related to the AI/ML ecosystem, particularly AWS Kinesis, AWS Lambda, Machine Learning, SageMaker, IoT, Amazon DynamoDB, Elastic Search, Amazon S3, AWS Container Services like EKS, Fargate etc.",3.9,"Amazon.com Services LLC
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
183,Software Architect - CRM Applications,"$108k-$159k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Software Architect - CRM Applications
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Uncover your full potential in a collaborative environment where you'll design, develop and deliver custom solutions to big challenges. And you'll be doing it for a proven industry leader that runs one of the largest e-commerce sites in the U.S.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Lead the architecture design and support for customer relationship and marketing application portfolios, including third-party and custom applications for enterprise-wide capabilities.
Applications supported include customer master data management, campaign management, custom pricing and systems used by Uline's Sales department.
Recommend alternatives on migrating the application portfolio to best align with business needs and to optimize performance and maintenance.
Design custom Java applications using the Spring framework and REST services as part of our microservices architecture and new web front ends built in Angular.
Provide guidance, direction and support to application development and technical designers.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in information technology or related field.
10+ years of IT experience with at least 5 years in a lead design or architectural capacity.
Broad knowledge and experience with multiple technologies such as Java, Microsoft .NET, application servers, integration hubs, nTier, database management systems and open source trends.
Available for travel to Uline's North American locations.

Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.

Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Pleasant Prairie, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
184,Mid-Level Data Architect,"$44k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Location: St. Louis, MO

Clearance Required: Must be a U.S. Citizen and possess a current and active TS/SCI clearance granted by the Department of Defense or an Intelligence Community agency. Must be able to pass a Counterintelligence (CI) Polygraph.

Background:

Assured Consulting Solutions provides strategic and innovative solutions for customer needs across the business, technology, and organizational spectrum. As a member of our team, you will have the chance to work with customers that are both Government and industry leaders and technology innovators.

We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Mid-Level Data Architect to join our team. This Mid-Level Data Architect works in the FG3D environment, to include Cloud Foundry, AWS, modern geospatial databases (Oracle spatial, PostgreSQL, etc.), to provide data quality control insights. Additionally, the Data Architect executes data quality procedures from testing and review of algorithms from 3D models output and document results.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Provide data quality control.
Execute data quality procedures and document results.
Perform/manage data quality control, establish/execute data quality procedures, and document results.
Evaluate the Common DataBase (CDB) deliveries, such as those to NGA Open Data Store, for OGC standard compliance and other required standards.
Produce Engineering Reports on every evaluation.
Provide recommendations to the government on streamlining the verification and validation architecture.
Evaluate 3D geospatial algorithms output for compliance with NGA GEOINT standards for accuracy and quality.
Perform the full lifecycle of engineering support including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability analysis, resiliency analysis, development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability analysis, and decommissioning.
Provide engineering support for requirements across the NSG and ASG.
Lead the planning, documenting, analysis, and traceability of user requirements and architectures.
Conduct Analysis of Alternatives (AoA), Trade Studies, and Engineering Assessments.
Assist the Government in strategic technical planning, project management, performance engineering, risk management, and interface design.
Support RFP development and generate engineering documentation for RFPs
Provide proposal evaluation support as requested by the government.
Provide architectural support.
Identify industry and NGA standards and create IPF unique standards for open architecture, service centric architecture, service oriented architecture, and cloud architecture for inclusion in IPF RFPs, existing contracts, and government development efforts.
Brief assigned activities as required.
Work cross project with other IPF projects to facilitate transition from concept to development to sustainment to decommissioning.
Work across NGA, NSG, and ASG partners to include but not limited to NGA/IPF, NGA/SF, NGA/R, NGA/TD, NGA/TA, DoD, FAA, and foreign partners, to provide engineering support to advance the Foundation GEOINT mission.
Support IPF leadership priorities and guidance

Required Qualifications:

Mid-level demonstrated experience in automated testing with 3D GEOINT data as a Geospatial Analyst with the ability to document and troubleshoot errors.
Mid-level demonstrated experience in Quality Control, Agile Framework, and regression testing.
Mid-level demonstrated experience using test management software, SQL, MatLab, C++ and Python.
Mid-level demonstrated experience documenting test results including collecting logs, writing defect reports, and assigning fail for resolution

Desired Qualifications:

Master's Degree or higher in Systems Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences.
Mid-level demonstrated experience with platform engines such as Unity, Unreal, OpenFlight, and VBS.
Two of the following: Two years of demonstrated experience with OGC Geopackage; two years of demonstrated experience with OGC CDB; one years of demonstrated experience with OGC Indoor GML; and one year of demonstrated experience with OGC 3D Tiles.
Mid-level demonstrated experience with Foundation GEOINT data domains and mission areas.
Mid-level demonstrated experience with geopositioning, triangulation, and geotechnical analytics

Education Qualifications:

Requires a Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences. A degree in Systems Engineering, Project Management, or similar non-technical field does not satisfy this requirement.

Years of Experience:

6-12 years w/ Bachelor's Degree
Each year of degree work past Bachelor's degree can be used for ½ year of work experience

Position Type: Full-Time

Shift: Day

Assured Consulting Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact ACS Human Resources at (703) 662-5062",3.4,"ACS
3.4","Saint Louis, MO",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,General Repair & Maintenance,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
185,Enterprise Technology Architect - RH,"$74k-$100k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are Driven by Excellence, Dedicated to People in everything we do…no matter the job. A unique and fulfilling work experience comes with every position within the Reyes Family of Businesses - where there’s always an opportunity to grow and develop in a family-owned environment grounded in values and ethics.

Position Summary:

The Enterprise Technology Architect reports to the Director of Architecture and Planning. This position is responsible for enterprise technology standards for the Reyes Holdings Information Technology group. It is a technical role directly facilitating the collaboration of engineering and operations teams in various technical areas, ensuring the delivery of enterprise technology platforms and services that align with enterprise standards and technology roadmaps. The candidate will provide a successful track record on enabling change through technology and the ability to dive deeply into underlying businesses and associated technologies. The individual will work closely with the business IT, planning, engineering, and operations to create solutions that scale and can be leveraged and supported broadly for a fast-growing global company. The role will work with Reyes corporate IT groups to ensure compliance with corporate processes, policies and standards. The ideal candidate must have both leadership and technical prowess to effectively and efficiently manage a broad range of technologies and collaborate with cross-functional and virtual teams.

Position Responsibilities may include, but not limited to:

Profile:

Is organized with strong time management and communication skills.

Is highly customer focused – sets a high priority for accomplishing business objectives.

Looks for opportunities to improve operational effectiveness and efficiency.

Promotes diversity of ideas.

Manages multiple priorities with a bias towards action and speed without sacrificing quality or deviating from standards and procedures.

Takes a pragmatic approach with the ability to establish priorities aligned with IT and Business objectives.

Handles difficult situations with directness and integrity.

Takes a global perspective, searching for solutions and driving continuous improvement while constantly raising the bar to stretch own and others' levels of achievement.

Demonstrates ability to learn quickly and adapt to changing circumstances.

Dives into operations to triage situations and provide valuable outcomes through problem and performance analysis.

Job Role:

Responsible for the development/update, communication, adoption and governance of the enterprise technology principles, standards and guidelines.

Serve as a technology architecture advisor to the engineering and operations teams as they develop and update their IT capability roadmaps, technology roadmaps, and technology lifecycle roadmaps.

Identify major disruptive technology and non-technology trends that affect the business and provide recommendations to overcome these challenges and successfully deliver the expected business outcomes.

Apply innovative and existing technologies, anchoring them in the business model to assess their potential, and use rapid prototyping approaches to evolve innovations.

Lead proof-of-technology evaluations, helping to create new technology platform and services and integrating the best of these into steady-state operations for the organization.

Partner with engineering and operations to deliver enterprise solutions that adhere to enterprise standards, support capabilities, and align with future strategy.

Build rapport and trust with IT and business unit stakeholders through transparency and integrity.

Collaborate with engineering and operations to address and remediate planned and unplanned system outages and incidents as it relates to architecture or planning gaps.

Work closely with the IT Security team to insure overall security of all engineered solutions is addressed.

Ensure solution architecture developed by engineering aligns with roadmaps and requirements.

Work with engineering to design infrastructure platforms that provide enterprise scale and maximum stability.

Identify and recommend opportunities to improve process, technology, and people.

Facilitate the adoption of enterprise technology and processes across all IT teams.

Identify and lead continuous improvement initiatives.

Support the integration of acquisitions by developing a scalable and repeatable infrastructure delivery models.

Other projects or duties as assigned.

Required Skills and Experience:

Bachelor's degree in technology discipline or equivalent (additional four years) IT architecture experience.

8+ years in the IT Industry including technical support, engineering and/or IT project management.

5+ years’ experience of leading and managing IT projects and virtual teams within a technical engineering, operations or shared services environment

Recent working knowledge and management skills for cloud, server, network, storage, virtualization, datacenter, backups, end user devices, application delivery, data protection, backups, middleware, and identity.

Recent working knowledge, skill and/or experience with Microsoft technologies (Windows Server, Active Directory, Azure, Office 365), Linux, Cisco technologies (router, switches), and VMware virtualization technologies.

Recent working knowledge of evolving IT technologies and processes (DevOps, Infrastructure Automation, Internet of Things, etc.)

Demonstrated influence and negotiation skills.

Ability to understand business priorities and to contribute to the development of pragmatic roadmaps that align with business and IT priorities and requirements.

Capability and experience to provide technical and project leadership of large IT projects independently as well as participating in multi-phase projects.

Strong ability to clearly document system design elements including use of appropriate documentation tools

Ability to gather and summarize product information, quotations, and technical design information from multiple IT landscapes.

Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to communicate technical subjects to non-technical audiences

Team player, able to work with other IT teams in a dynamic, fast moving IT Department.

Ability to analyze data and produce management level reports to enable quick and accurate decision making.

Ability to work extended hours or weekends as necessary.

All other duties as assigned.

This position must pass a post-offer background and drug test.

Preferred Skills and Experience:

Proficient in Microsoft Office and Visio

Experience in IT/IS technologies across a broad spectrum of infrastructure platforms, DevOps/automation, and security

Experience in food and beverage distribution industry

Physical Demands and Work Environment:

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Due to the nature of our business in regard to such things as delivery schedules, order inputs, selection, and Department of Transportation Hours of Service, overtime, attendance and punctuality are essential job functions. Should an individual in this classification not be able to adhere to this requirement due to a disability, they should contact their Human Resources department to see what, if any, reasonable accommodation may be made.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, Reyes Holdings companies will recruit and select applicants for employment solely on the basis of their qualifications. Our Practices and Procedures, including those relating to wages, benefits, transfers, promotions, terminations and self-development opportunities, will be administered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation and gender identity, age, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status and all other classes protected by the Federal and State Government. Drug Free Employer.",3.7,"Reyes Holdings
3.7","Rosemont, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
186,Technical Presales/Solution Architect,"$56k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The technical presales/solution architect works hand in hand with the Sales team to help Cincoms customers understand the value, while removing technical barriers to the selling process. This role works directly with customers to demonstrate the value of Cincoms solutions. By understanding customer requirements, the technical presales helps position technical solutions to customer’s business challenges and will provide technical presentations to customers our CPQ solutions and build trust as technical advisers. The technical presales will work in partnership with the sales team to win new business while maintaining and building existing customer loyalty.

Responsibilities:

Opportunity analysis.

Gathers and assesses customer needs, both business and technical.
Identifies related needs (lead generation, opportunity expansion).
Identifies site-specific parameters and constraints that impact the solution.
Identifies required project steps.
Identifies likely problem areas that require attention.
Identifies probable competition and product roll-out data/training needs.
Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 implementations and technology
Software Engineering Role and/or Software develop experience at some point.
Has been in technical consulting or technical consultant and/or
Has been in technical support in level 2 or level 3 and/or
Do they have any educational background in software

Solution Planning and Design.

Architects an appropriate technical solution to meet the customer's requirements.
Investigates and optimizes a solution's fit to the requirements of an opportunity.
Adapts solution design to new requirements.
Establishes the validity of a solution and its components.
Works with Partners to understand and re-enforce the Technical Training
Works with Partners to understand and architect our offering into their solutions.
Generates an implementation plan with timelines for the solution with the Partners
Works with Partners to Creates the appropriate test plans as required.
Anticipates some of the potential challenges for the proposed project plan.
Assesses likely competitive threats.

Client/customer relationship

Maintains excellent communications with customer and Partner management.
Represents Cincom as technical expert with partners and customers shares knowledge in area of expertise.
Advances opportunities through the use of effective consultative selling techniques.
Builds partner and customer loyalty through being a trusted adviser.
Partners effectively with others within the partner and customer to ensure problem resolution and customer satisfaction.
Communicates and articulates the details of their component roles in a proposed customer solution.

Team collaboration.

Actively supports the partner and sales team with solution advice, proposals, presentations, and other customer communications.
Transfers knowledge to Presales peers via contributing participation in education programs.
Transfers knowledge to Partner peers through lunch & learns, LMS and Partner Enablement
Identifies overlooked opportunities within the Partner and Customers.
Analyzes and provides support to deals in the pipeline where needed.
Facilitates smooth transition with Partners Sales to implementation by orienting the appropriate teams to the solution design.

If you are qualified and interested in becoming a part of our team, please APPLY NOW. Be sure to attach a copy of your RESUME and to reference Requisition 4577.

...an equal opportunity employer

We offer a competitive base salary plus benefits

About Cincom Systems

Cincom creates and delivers software and services to clients worldwide who need to innovate and simplify complex business processes. Cincom’s easy-to-use, high-value software solutions empower clients to overcome operation obstacles, paving the way to higher productivity, sustainability, and profit. Cincom serves thousands of clients on six continents.",2.8,"Cincom Systems, Inc.
2.8","Cincinnati, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1968,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
187,Pega Lead System Architect,"$160k-$180k
(Employer Est.)","Who We Are

Stratosphere Consulting is focused on above bar solutions and we pride ourselves on helping our clients succeed by providing the best talent in the industry. We focus on case management consulting and product development on the Pega platform, providing expert services and architectural direction at the project, program, and enterprise level.

Our clients include exceptional organizations from both the private and public sector.

We have an inclusive culture that values diversity of experiences and backgrounds. We only ask that you be yourself, create and expand your personal brand, and become a leader based on your own vision and experiences. We believe that its our differences that make us stronger as a whole. You can expect consistent and frequent feedback to help grow your knowledge and career, and to provide opportunities to advance your career as you see fit not how we see fit. We are growing quickly and are looking to add experienced Pega LSAs to our team.

Who You Are

You have a passion for using new technologies to make a positive impact on business. You possess exceptional technical and interpersonal skills and want to work with a company and not just for one.
You have 3+ years experience with professional services or consulting.
You have a Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related field.
Your Day-to-Day
In your respective position, you will be responsible for independently leading and ultimately delivering application functionality, including the coordination of major project components in a functional application
Follow standards and best practices
Review and understand the best approach to implement requirements; communicate the same to the project team; raise conflicts, complications, and issues in the requirements; provide sizing estimates
Attend design sessions toward the successful implementation of more complex requirements; define the class structure or data and work objects
Mentor and oversee work of junior team members
Perform appropriate tasks required to initiate a project based on the version of PRPC being used
Configure complex integrations and services
Configure more complex HTML/JSP/JavaScript components where necessary
And so much more
Logistics

Our projects are currently 100% remote due to COVID-19. Your home base can be anywhere in the U.S., no relocation required. When travel is safe, we ask that you are willing and able to travel domestically approximately 50% of the time to meet client needs.

Benefits
We have a comprehensive benefits package to include Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k with dollar for dollar match, STD/LTD, AD&D and Life Insurance
3 weeks of PTO
Tuition Reimbursement
Quarterly Bonuses
Flexibility to work remotely from home and/or a shared office space when not on a client site
Pega training and other applicable trainings through online courses and certification programs
On the job training working hands-on with our experienced, tenured employees
Stratosphere is an equal opportunity employer and we provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email HR at kate.jones@stratospheretc.com

Powered by JazzHR",5.0,"Stratosphere Technical Consulting
5.0","Dallas, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
188,Senior Data Engineer,"$76k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Basic Qualifications :

Bachelor’s degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience. Agile experience preferred.

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:

A TS/SCI security clearance with the ability to obtain a Polygraph is required at time of hire. Candidates must be able to obtain the Polygraph within a reasonable amount of time from date of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required.

Responsibilities for this Position:

Developing mission-critical systems that help keep people safe is what we do. At General Dynamics Mission Systems, you’ll be part of the team that helps heroes make a true impact. The work we do is important. The challenges we face are career-defining. The opportunity we can offer is one-of-a-kind.

We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar space and everything in between.

As a Senior Data Engineer, you’ll lead model and simulation activities as you participate in requirements analysis and management, functional analysis, performance analysis, system design, trade studies, systems integration and test (verification). It’s your chance to step up to the challenge and prove you’re ready to lead the world.

REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES AND TASKS:

We are seeking a Senior Data Engineer to support the Insider Threat mission. Data Engineers work with various security system data owners to automate data integration and collection strategies. Work closely with the data science team to ensure data cleanliness and accuracy.

Support data science team by designing, developing and implementing scalable ETL process for disparate datasets into a Hadoop infrastructure
Design, develop, implement and maintain data ingestion process from various disparate datasets using StreamSets (experience with StreamSets not mandatory)
Develop processes to identify data drift and malformed records
Develop technical documentation and standard operating procedures
Mentor new and junior data engineers
Leads technical tasks for small teams or projects

KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

Working knowledge of entity resolution systems
Experience with messages systems like Kafka
Experience with NoSQL and/or graph databases like MongoDB or ArangoDB
Any of the following databases: SQL, MongoDB, Oracle, Postgres
Working experience with ETL processing
Working experience with data workflow products like StreamSets or NiFi
Working experience with Python RESTful API services, JDBC
Experience with Hadoop and Hive/Impala
Experience with Cloudera Data Science Workbench is a plus
Understanding of pySpark Leadership experience
Creative thinker
Ability to multi-task
Excellent use and understanding of data engineering concepts, principles, and theories

#CJ3

#CB

Company Overview:

General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 13,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!

General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran",3.7,"General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1952,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
189,Data Engineer,"$74k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Group O is seeking a strong candidate with advanced analytics experience to fill an exciting Data Engineer role for an AI partner to Fortune 500 companies. In this role, you will be a valuable in managing large amounts of data and implement loading disparate data sets while managing the technical communication between the team and client.

Implementation including loading from disparate data sets, preprocessing using Hive and Pig.
Manage the technical communication between the team and client
Work with big data team to deliver cutting edge solutions

2-5 years of demonstrable experience designing technological solutions to complex data problems, developing & testing modular, reusable, efficient and scalable code to implement those solutions.
Ideally, this would include work on the following technologies:
Proficiency in at least one of the following: R, C++ or Python (preferred). Scala knowledge a strong advantage.
Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop 2.0 (YARN; MR & HDFS) and associated technologies -- one or more of Hive, Sqoop, Avro, Flume, Oozie, Zookeeper, etc..
Hands-on experience with Apache Spark and its components (Streaming, SQL, MLLib) is a strong advantage.
Operating knowledge of cloud computing platforms (AWS, especially EMR, EC2, S3, SWF services and the AWS CLI)
Experience working within a Linux computing environment, and use of command line tools including knowledge of shell/Python scripting for automating common tasks
In addition, the ideal candidate would have great problem-solving skills, and the ability & confidence to hack their way out of tight corners.
Education:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical degree",3.1,"Group O
3.1","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
