,Job Title,Salary Range,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Associate Data Scientist,"$62k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB SUMMARY
The Credit Services Risk Management team is a large and complex critical function for company success. We are staffed with highly-skilled and motivated individuals with a large emphasis on analytical abilities & problem solving skills. The Associate Data Scientist will build predictive models used for underwriting and/or collections functions. This person will research and recommend new data sources to improve models and design tests to measure the effectiveness for various strategies implemented.

MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Responsible for the entire end-to-end data science process from ETL to building models, to deploying the model into the workflows to measuring the financial impact.
Partner with others to implement models in production and conduct post-launch testing and enhancement
Actively and consistently support all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experience
Responsible for the selection of appropriate algorithms and execution
Responsible for interpretation of results for both causal inferences and predictive effectiveness
Synthesize appropriate recommendations for action and changes
Present findings, suggested actions and changes to a broad audience, and manage follow-ups and execution
Help teach and explain techniques and tools used to a broad set of business-intelligence, data, and analytics professionals with varied backgrounds
Provide coaching and mentoring to achieve a high-performing team
Manage internal client relationships, including issue resolution, and overall accountability for results and client satisfaction
Exercise thought leadership and discretion in tailoring the tools, approaches, and data used to meet the needs of the particular problem
Perform other duties as required
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
Predictive analysis experience using SAS/Python/R;
Experience in building Logistic Regression models, Random Forest models, XGBoost models, and Experimental Design.
Experience in data pre-processing and exploratory data analysis using a variety of techniques
Understand the theoretical background of each statistical test and model, inside and out.
Basic understanding of data architecture, data warehouse and data marts
Ability to communicate orally and in writing in a clear and straightforward manner
Ability to plan, prioritize and organize effectively
Ability to adapt to change
Detail oriented, self-motivated, proactive and results driven
Highly energetic; ability to partner across business lines; a go-getter who seeks out information and does not wait for others to reach out
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Strong expertise in SQL.
Experience in using large databases; conducting complex analysis using more than one languages above
Expert-level logical and analytic skills
Broad experience and solid theoretical foundation on the modeling process using a variety of algorithms
Demonstrated ability and desire to continually expand skill set, and learn from and teach others
Ability to explain complex analysis results in an easy-to-understand language
Advance skills in Excel, PowerPoint and Access
Excellent quantitative analysis skills
Ability to create conceptual frameworks enabling the analysis of varied business problems
Education
B.S. in quantitative sciences, including statistics, engineering, computer science, Business with focus on analytics. M.S. in Statistics or Data Science will be highly preferred

Related Work Experience
2+ years experience solving business problems through deep analytics and with predictive modeling techniques (with a Bachelors Degree) OR,
1+ years experience solving business problems through deep analytics (with a Masters Degree)
Industry experience in Financial services, insurance or actuarial services or medical research preferred but not required
WORKING CONDITIONS
Office Environment",3.0,"SPECTRUM
3.0","Stamford, CT",-1,10000+ Employees,2016,Subsidiary or Business Segment,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,$10+ billion (USD),-1
1,Data Scientist (Mid-Level) - 100% Remote Available,"$71k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Purpose of Job
**100% Remote Work Available**
USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.
In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.
Uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets and method to enable analytical solutions; Applies predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications; participates in building analytical solutions leveraging internal and external applications to deliver value and create competitive advantage; Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees
Job Requirements
Partners with other analysts across the organization to fully define business problems and research questions; Supports SME's on cross functional matrixed teams to solve highly complex work critical to the organization.
Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions.
Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives.
Supports Subject Matter Experts (SME's) on efforts to develop scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation.
Works with IT to research architecture for new products, services, and features.
Develops algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data.
Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees to enable understanding and drive informed business decisions.
Minimum Requirements
Master's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field. 6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
4 or more years of related experience and accountability for complex tasks and/or projects required.
Proficient knowledge of the function/discipline and demonstrated application of knowledge, skills and abilities towards work products required.
Proficient level of business acumen in the areas of the business operations, industry practices and emerging trends required.
Preferred Requirements
Expertise in experimental design, advanced statistical analysis, and modeling to discover key relationships in data and applying that information to predict likely future outcomes; fluent in regression, classification, tree-based models, clustering methods, text mining, and neural networks.
Proven ability to enrich (add new information to) data, advise on appropriate course(s) of action to take based on results, summarize complex technical analysis for non-technical executive audiences, succinctly present visualizations of high dimensional data, and explain & justify the results of the analysis conducted.
Highly competent at data wrangling and data engineering in SQL and SAS as well as advanced machine learning (ML) techniques using Python; comfortable in cloud computing environments (Azure, GCP, AWS).
Hands-on experience developing products that utilize advanced machine learning techniques like deep learning in areas such as computer vision, Natural Language Processing (NLP), sensor data from the Internet of Things (IoT), and recommender systems; along with transitioning those solutions from the development environment into the production environment for full-time use.
PhD in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Operations Research, Statistics, or related field with coursework in advanced Machine Learning techniques (Natural Language Processing, Deep Neural Networks, etc).
Fluent in deep learning frameworks and libraries (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, etc).
Highly skilled in handling Big Data (Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Kafka, etc).
Experience in reinforcement learning, knowledge graphs and graph databases, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), semi-supervised learning, multi-task learning is a plus.
Experience in publishing at top ML, computer vision, NLP, or AI conferences and/or contributing to ML/AI-related open source projects and/or converting ML/AI papers into code is a plus.
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.",3.6,"USAA
3.6","San Antonio, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1922,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
2,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ADVANCED INSPECTION SYSTEMS,"$58k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


The Intelligent Systems Division develops automated solutions for commercial and government clients in multiple domains including transportation (traffic management, connected automated vehicle), manufacturing robotics, medical prognostics and communication standards.


Objectives of this Role:

Leverage embedded development, machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data techniques to advanced analysis and development of high reliability software and custom sensing technologies.

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Develop technical solutions for high reliability software and custom sensing applications.
Promote developed solutions in technical industry through conference presentations and/or research paper publications.
For more information about the position see:
https://www.swri.org/leak-detection
https://www.swri.org/industries/machine-learning-technologies
https://www.swri.org/industry/chemical-analysis-services/mass-spec-data-analysis

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors or a Masters or a PhD with a 3.00 GPA in BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or other related disciplines.
0-5 years in software development or engineering
Course work or experience in more than one of the following: embedded systems, signal processing, machine learning/artificial intelligence, FPGA development, sensors and instrumentation, Python Programming
Strong software skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills required
Ability to work in project team environments and independently
Excellent problem-solving skills and driven by challenging problems
Aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
3,Data Scientist,"$79k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientists

Job Description
Join an elite group dedicated to continuous personal improvement as GCT is currently seeking Data Scientists of all levels to support an intelligence agency with insights gained from analyzing voluminous sensor data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Candidates must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

Clearance: TS/SCI w/Full scope polygraph (or used within the past 24 months)

Education/Experience Requirements

Senior Positions:
Masters degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, or extensive comparable experience
10+ years of relevant experience
Junior/Intermediate Positions
Completed B.S. in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a closely related technical field
3-9 years of relevant experience
Qualifications
Experience using statistical computer languages (SAS, SPSS, R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights fromlarge data sets
Experience working with and creating data architectures
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong problem solving skills
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques
Desired Skills
Experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models
Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.
Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, Bayes, etc.
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.
Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, DigitalOcean, AWS, etc.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc.
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, etc.
The success of Great-Circle Technologies depends on the success and well-being of its employees. GCT promotes work/life balance and encourages the overall well-being of each of its contributors. A comprehensive benefits package is provided, which currently includes company paid single medical, dental, life, disability, and long-term care insurances (with contributions to family premiums,) matching 401k plan, 34 days off per year including 10 Federal holidays plus the day after Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year’s eves!

Join us at Great-Circle Technologies, where innovation is the shortest distance between two points.

Great-Circle Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Great-Circle Technologies ensures all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, ethnic background, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, or protected veteran status.",2.2,"Great-Circle Technologies
2.2","Chantilly, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
4,Data Scientist II,"$65k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist II

Why YOU want this position

Since our founding as a groundbreaking provider of oil & gas data, we have evolved our solutions to cover oil & gas analytics, trading & risk, and business automation for customers across the energy industry. Enverus represents this growth, while bringing us closer together as one team. Enverus delivers business-critical insights to the global energy industry through a state-of-the-art SaaS platform built on industry-leading data and energy analytics. Our solutions deliver value across the entire energy value chain, empowering customers to be more agile, efficient and competitive. The range of energy industry participants we serve includes exploration and production (E&P) companies and related businesses such as oilfield services, midstream, capital markets, power generators and utilities, energy traders, and downstream commercial & industrial energy consumers.

We are currently seeking a highly driven Data Scientist II to join our Technology team in Conshohocken, PA, Denver, CO, Austin, TX or Calgary, AB. This role will support the efforts of the Data Science team by producing accurate data science models.

Performance Objectives

Build data products to solve business problems in the oil and gas industries.
Conduct independent research.
Manage the development of data science product features.
Mentor junior team members.
Partner with Data Engineers and Software Developers to evaluate the technical trade-offs of tools to build, simple, yet robust, data science pipelines.
Write well documented experiments and production-ready code.
Advanced degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research or other quantitative discipline or Bachelor’s degree with 2-4 years related experience.
Previous experience working on data products.

Competitive Candidate

Familiarity with scrum and agile practices.
Ability to adapt to changing business priorities.
Solid coding skills in Python, R or Scala.
Experience to common Python data science libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn.
Solid understanding of Linus and git; Spark, PySpark, SparkR or Dask; cloud computing (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud).
Ability to apply Machine Learning, Optimization, Deep Learning or Big Data techniques to solve real-world problems.
Ability to conduct independent quantitative research.",3.6,"Enverus
3.6","Conshohocken, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
5,Senior Physiological Data Scientist,-1,"ABOUT US:

Embr Labs believes in harnessing the body’s natural response to temperature to enhance human wellbeing. We are a wellness tech company that has developed a unique, wearable thermal technology with therapeutic applications in both the consumer and regulated device sectors.

To date, Embr has sold over 65,000 devices to customers in 150 countries around the world. A mobile app and backend augment our hardware devices, forming a unique technology platform that combines thermal stimulation, digital interventions, and data to manage symptoms and treat disease. Our technology was invented by the company’s founders while at MIT; we are backed by DigiTx Partners, Safar Partners, Bose Ventures and Intel Capital, and we have partnered with companies like Johnson & Johnson.

‘EMBR’ stands for Environment, Mind, Body Resonance: we believe that technology can help us lead more balanced lives. Our workplace cultivates both fulfillment and fun. We are looking for an exceptional candidate to help us create a future where digital thermal interventions help people live better lives.

DESCRIPTION:

We seek a smart, energetic, and impact-oriented Senior Physiological Data Scientist. This is a strategic hire that will lead Embr Labs’ expansion into continuous physiological monitoring and real-time symptom detection.

Embr is now designing its next generation of innovative products where sensors and algorithms will be critical and offer a core competitive advantage. The Senior Physiological Data Scientist will lead a wide range of activities, from database design and machine learning to project management and technical leadership.

Collaborating with Embr’s senior technical leaders, and leading research collaborations, they will develop new technical capabilities for Embr Labs by taking early concepts all the way to productizable prototypes. For the first two years, the Senior Physiological Data Scientist will also hold a Visiting Scientist position with the Department of Kinesiology and Institute for Applied Life Sciences at the University of Massachusetts Amherst (UMass IALS).

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Provide technical leadership for sensor data-related research and development at Embr Labs
Oversee the development of new technical capabilities that utilize physiological monitoring
Develop R&D data infrastructure to transfer and store physiological data streams, including data pipelines and databases
Train, refine, and evaluate algorithms that identify symptoms and other physiological markers from sensor data
Collaborate with researchers and engineers to translate algorithms into low-latency embedded systems on actual prototype devices, and in the translation of successful prototype devices into actual commercial products
Ensure that physiological data projects are executed on schedule and on budget, and that collaborations with academic & industry partners are smooth and efficient.
IDEAL CANDIDATES WILL HAVE:
Deep technical expertise in biomedical informatics, data science, or biomedical engineering (Ph.D. or equivalent industry experience).
Experience working with physiological data from wearables or body sensors.
Proficiency in machine learning and deep learning for human physiology data.
Successful track record of taking algorithms from conception to implementation on products.
A self-starter personality and the ability to work with broad direction and little oversight.
Proficient in Python, Matlab, or R; Git; and SQL.
Excellent communication and teamwork skills.
Experience with relational and/or NoSQL database technologies, streaming data processing and data lakes is a plus.
THINGS YOU WILL GET:
A full-time position at Embr Labs, combined with a two-year Visiting Scientist position at UMass Amherst Department of Kinesiology & Institute for Applied Life Sciences.
The opportunity to make a transformative impact at a rapidly growing wellness tech startup company.
Constant exposure to interesting science and novel technology.
Ability to build relationships with other technology leaders in the emerging Digital Therapeutics ecosystem
A strong leadership team that encourages close collaboration; talented, open-minded team of contributing engineers.
A dynamic, exciting workplace with a flexible work environment
A caring team that values mutual respect and includes three MIT co-founders, one of the top female CEOs in the Boston tech scene, bright and thoughtful employees, and a small dog.
Competitive compensation, benefits, and equity in a fast-growing startup.
LOCATION:

This position is based at UMass in Amherst, Massachusetts for the first two years. Following the completion of the project with UMass IALS, the Senior Physiological Data Scientist will be given the opportunity to work from the Embr Labs office in Boston or to keep working remotely from Amherst.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $55,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
biomedical informatics or biomedical engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
Location:
Amherst, MA 01003 (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.embrlabs.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.9,"Embr Labs, Inc
4.9","Amherst, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
6,LEAD COMPUTER SCIENTIST - LEAD ENGINEER - PRINCIPAL ENGINEER - SPACE AVIONICS,"$77k-$150k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


As a recognized leader in space systems, SwRI develops avionics, data storage, and on-orbit processing electronics enabling next generation missions throughout the solar system.


Objectives of this Role:

As part of SwRI’s Space Avionics Flight Software Team, you’re work will benefit humankind through enabling scientific discoveries, improved weather forecasting, in-orbit satellite servicing, and revolutionizing on-orbit processing.

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Lead, design, develop, and verify mission, spacecraft and instrument flight software for a variety of space applications applying sound software engineering disciplines and practices.
Perform and direct all phases of the system lifecycle including proposal development, applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation.
Perform software project management functions including project planning, cost and schedule development, progress tracking against plans, programmatic and technical reviews, etc.
Support related systems engineering activities and maintain relationships with other technical disciplines and project functional areas.
Interact and interface with clients including developing technical presentations. Travel to client and team organization facilities is required and varies by project.

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors with a 3.00 GPA in Software Engineering, Software Development, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related
At least 8 years of direct experience designing software for high reliability embedded systems. Experience in working with hardware preferred
Must be able to work independently and in project team environments
Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail
Must be an embedded systems software designer/developer, have experience with real time operating systems, and be familiar with the design of real-time systems. Proficiency in C/C++ for embedded systems, including algorithm and data structure design required
Experience with networking/socket programming and Python, as well as, familiarity with VxWorks, embedded Linux, RTEMS OS for embedded systems
Interest and/or experience in working with hardware and direct space flight design experience a plus
Excellent Communication Skills and the ability to thrive in a collaborative team environment
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas | Austin, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Space Science & Engineering home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
7,Data Scientist,"$74k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview of Position
The Data Scientist analyzes & applies anonymized healthcare information to enable better healthcare outcomes & costs, for Change Healthcare, its customers and other key constituents.

What will be my duties and responsibilities in this job?

Analyze anonymized healthcare information to support Change Healthcare and our customers & partners objectives, which include better healthcare outcomes, improved effectiveness and efficiency, enhanced access for those who need care, and strengthened health and wellness for patients and consumers.
Create input for thought leadership projects that shape and advance the responsible use of data to improve healthcare in the US.
Analyze healthcare trends. Understand drivers for health & wellness for both individuals and the health ecosystem at large. Use this understanding to help create predictive models projecting future healthcare conditions, outcomes and economics.
Effective collaborator (within CHC and with customers). Success requires effective internal teamwork (IT, legal, account management, executives) and key external constituents.

What are the requirements needed for this position?

Minimum 6 years of experience in Data Solutions Field or related area.
Bachelor's degree required (ideally with strong concentration in statistics or programming.
Advanced SQL expertise with at least 1-2 years’ experience working with large datasets (30 million records +).
Expertise extracting large datasets and presenting in Excel or Spotfire.
Basic to intermediate understanding of statistics (predictions, statistical significance, normalization, etc.).
Ability to summarize complex insights in plain English (for eventual consumption by the business and/or customers).

What other skills/experience would be helpful to have?

Healthcare billing and/or clinical data experience highly desirable (but not necessary).
Ability to take initiative and work independently
Demonstrates curiosity/determination/iteration/innovation in using data to improve healthcare.
Experience matching/linking multiple datasets to create cohesive, longitudinal analytic datasets.
Ability to interpret abstract concepts to developer compelling insight, while ensuring their statistical validity.
Internal burning desire to succeed, yet a team player.

What are the working conditions and physical requirements of this job?

General office demands

#northwest

#southeast

#southeast2

Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system!

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement

Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read EEO is the Law at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/eeo-law-poster and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf.

If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with ""Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation"" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.",2.8,"Change Healthcare
2.8","Nogales, AZ",-1,10000+ Employees,2007,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
8,"Senior Research Associate/Associate Scientist, Metabolic Immuno-Oncology","$38k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Research Associate/Associate Scientist, Metabolic Immuno-Oncology
Location


Agios Pharmaceuticals HQ

Job Code

1271

# of openings

1

Apply Now

Senior Research Associate/Associate Scientist, Metabolic Immuno-Oncology

Agios (agios.com) is a biopharmaceutical company committed to applying our scientific leadership in cellular metabolism to transform the lives of patients with cancer and rare genetic diseases. We have an active research and discovery pipeline across both therapeutic areas. Agios has multiple first-in-class investigational therapies in clinical and/or preclinical development and has successfully launched two oncology precision medicines.

Agios Pharmaceuticals is searching for a dynamic Senior Research Associate/Associate Scientist to join our growing Immuno-Oncology team. The Senior Research Associate/Associate Scientist will collaborate cross-functionally with scientists at Agios to generate data to support the novel target discovery screens, validation of targets using both in vitro cell assays and in vivo mouse models of cancer and inflammation. The ideal candidate will integrate with project teams and contribute to study design, execution, data analysis and interpretation, and communication of results. A considerable level of independence is expected after the initial training period. This role requires a high degree of technical expertise as well as strong collaborative and written/verbal communication skills and a positive attitude to interact with multiple stakeholders.

Key Responsibilities
Develop and characterize immune-cancer cells co-culture assays to be used for genetic screens of novel therapeutic targets
Design and execute studies to support target validation using cell based models and assays
Identify methods, models, and technologies required to facilitate research and overcome scientific challenges and lead their development/optimization
Document, analyze, and interpret experimental data; present results and conclusions in a variety of team settings
Minimum Requirements
BS with 5+/MS with 2+ years of industry/academic experience working in a cancer biology or immunology team
Experience in isolation of primary immune cells and ex vivo assays of immune cell function (e.g. proliferation, differentiation, cytokine production)
Experienced with multi-color flow cytometry
Strong oral and written communication skills
Demonstrated ability to work independently in a cross-functional team environment
Ability to rapidly learn new techniques and technologies and perform them independently
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with mouse tumor models and/or models of acute immune activation
Experience with both shRNA and/or CRISPR techniques
Experience in molecular biology (nucleic acid purification, DNA cloning, PCR, gel electrophoresis, Western blotting, and qPCR)",4.2,"Agios Pharmaceuticals
4.2","Cambridge, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
9,Sr. Data Analyst/Modeler,"$39k-$69k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ORGANIZATION*
The Center for Autism and Related Disorders, LLC (CARD) is the world’s largest and most experienced organizations effectively treating individuals of all ages who are diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder. CARD strives to meet the growing need for services by continuously opening new offices throughout the country to provide top-quality ABA therapy across all populations.

CARD was founded in 1990 by leading autism expert and clinical psychologist Doreen Granpeesheh, PhD, BCBA-D. CARD treats individuals with ASD using the principles of applied behavior analysis (ABA), which is empirically proven to be the most effective method for treating individuals with ASD and recommended by the American Academy of Pediatrics and the US Surgeon General. With locations throughout US and internationally, CARD’s mission is to provide access to top-quality treatment all over the world. Through its network of trained technicians, behavior analysts, and researchers, CARD develops and implements quality, comprehensive, and individualized treatment programs that lead to success.
DESCRIPTION*
The Sr. Data Analyst is responsible for supporting the business users through the analysis of quantitative & qualitative data by designing database models both logical and physical. The position will perform in-depth data analysis; develop database models, database processes and functional analysis across various lines database methodologies specific to Business Intelligence. This role will provide oversight and on database design decisions, data models, best practices, and processes. The Data Analyst, will serve as a key liaison with business clients to support their reporting and analytic needs. You will require hands-on experience working in large scale business intelligence and data platforms. You will be working with business clients to gather requirements, prototype, architect, test, and deliver high quality Business Intelligence solutions.
DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES*
Experience with database and analytics tools on large, complex data sets, including use of SQL Queries (T-SQL), BI Cubes (SSRS/SSAS) Excel, PowerBI and relevant data mining tools.
Conducts data validations and analysis to assess the completeness and accuracy of data.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Assist with data extraction, manipulation, and transformation based on requirements from stakeholders.
Assist with the maintenance of data sources, accounts, and datasets as it pertains to our data platforms
Analysis will include cleansing, transforming, validating or modeling data for improving data quality, design and presentation.
Work closely with internal Research teams, Analytics, and Technology teams as well as external vendors to ensure that data requirements can be met and executed
Summarize, document, and present analysis findings
Implement and represent CARD policy enthusiastically
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Represent CARD professionally and ethically to internal and external stakeholders
EXPERIENCE & QUALIFICATIONS*
BS in math, statistics, economics or related field preferred
Minimum of 5 years of experience as a Data Analyst
Minimum of 5 years of experience in advanced SQL queries and analysis.
Prior hands-on experience in using MS-SQL, ETL tools, Business Objects or other related BI tools
Excellent analytical skills
Able to communicate clearly and professionally with all levels of an organization.
Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills with demonstrated ability to work in a team environment.
Ability to express complex technical concepts in business terms.
Proficient in designing database models (both logical and physical)
Familiarity with BI tools like Dundas BI or Power BI, etc.
JIRA required
Experience with Redshift
IND2

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
data analyst: 5 years (Required)
JIRA: 3 years (Required)
SQL: 5 years (Required)",2.9,"The Center for Autism and Related Disorders, LLC.
2.9","Plano, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
10,Principal Scientist or Associate Director - Toxicologist,"$98k-$193k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Principal Scientist or Associate Director - Toxicologist

Omeros is seeking a Toxicologist at either a Principal Scientist or Associate Director level who has experience designing, planning and executing nonclinical development plans for both small molecules and biologics.

Reporting to the Sr. Director, Toxicology, you will be responsible for conducting, interpreting and reporting nonclinical animal studies outsourced to contract research organizations (CROs), as well as serving as the Toxicology representative to internal Omeros multidisciplinary project teams. Expert knowledge of GLP regulations and regulatory guidelines is essential as you’ll serve as the primary author of the nonclinical sections of both US and international regulatory dossiers supporting clinical trials and eventual marketing applications.

Come join our highly talented Nonclinical Team

and help shape the future of Omeros!

Who is Omeros?

Omeros is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to discovering, developing and commercializing small-molecule and protein therapeutics for large-market as well as orphan indications targeting inflammation, complement-mediated diseases and disorders of the central nervous system.

The company’s drug product OMIDRIA® (phenylephrine and ketorolac intraocular solution) 1% / 0.3% is marketed in the U.S. for use during cataract surgery or intraocular lens (IOL) replacement to maintain pupil size by preventing intraoperative miosis (pupil constriction) and to reduce postoperative ocular pain. In the European Union, the European Commission has approved OMIDRIA for use in cataract surgery and other IOL replacement procedures to maintain mydriasis (pupil dilation), prevent miosis (pupil constriction), and to reduce postoperative eye pain.

Omeros has multiple Phase 3 and Phase 2 clinical-stage development programs focused on: complement-associated thrombotic microangiopathies; complement-mediated glomerulonephropathies; Huntington’s disease and cognitive impairment; and addictive and compulsive disorders. In addition, Omeros has a diverse group of preclinical programs and a proprietary G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) platform through which it controls 54 new GPCR drug targets and corresponding compounds, a number of which are in preclinical development. The company also exclusively possesses a novel antibody-generating platform.

What will your responsibilities be?

Your specific job responsibilities will include:
Applying a broad understanding of toxicology, pharmacology, ADME, and knowledge of applicable regulatory guidelines to the design of appropriate toxicology studies and development plans
Providing creative approaches to expedite nonclinical development strategies
Providing a critical review of toxicology study protocols, data and study reports
Serving as the Toxicology representative on multi-functional project teams supporting discovery and development phase projects
Contributing to the preparation of high-quality regulatory documents supporting global clinical development and marketing authorizations
Effectively communicating toxicology study results to project teams and senior level management
Education and Experience needed:
You’ll need to have a PhD in Toxicology or a related field with a minimum of 4 years of industry experience as part of a drug development project team; a BS/MS will be considered. Additionally, you’ll need the following:
Substantial nonclinical development experience at a pharmaceutical or biotechnology company
Experience in designing, monitoring and interpreting nonclinical toxicology/safety pharmacology studies
Experience in writing nonclinical sections of regulatory documents (CTA, IND, IB, NDA, BLA, etc.) and direct interactions with worldwide regulatory agencies
Certification by the American Board of Toxicology (DABT) is highly desired
Skills and Knowledge we are seeking:
A strong scientific knowledge of toxicology, with expert knowledge in one or more specialty areas of the discipline
A strong working knowledge of US and international regulatory guidelines
Familiarity with drug development strategies for both small molecules and biologics
Ability to be proficient and work independently and in cross-functional team settings, building productive collaborations, managing conflict, multi-tasking, and prioritizing
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to build and maintain positive relationships with management, peers and external customers
Strong sense of personal responsibility, creativity and integrity
This is an opportunity for you to be a key member of a collaborative group contributing your talent and expertise to a company that has an exciting pipeline. If you have the knowledge, skills and experience we are looking for, we’d love to hear from you!

Omeros is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to status as a protected veteran or a qualified individual with a disability, or other protected status such as race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.

It is our policy to provide reasonable accommodation to anyone with a disability who needs assistance completing the job application process. If you need assistance, you can contact Omeros, asking for Human Resources, at (206) 676-5000.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
In efforts of being socially responsible during this pandemic, Omeros has migrated all interviews to a Zoom virtual format.

Company's website:
https://www.omeros.com/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.3,"Omeros Corporation
3.3","Seattle, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
11,Data Analyst 2,-1,"Data Analyst 2
Flux Location


Oregon, Portland

Employment Type

ONFT

Apply Now


Data Analyst 2

Flux is currently seeking a Data Analyst 2 to join our project team onsite with our client in Portland, OR. This full-time contract position is located in the Data Integration and Reporting organization within the IT department. This position will draft Extract, Transformation and Loading procedures for implementing data integration and data migration tasks in support of Data Warehousing and other data integration projects. This position will also support operations and maintenance, as well as provide 24x7 production support on a rotational basis.

Position Responsibilities include:
Draft Extract, Transformation and Loading (ETL) procedures for implementing data integration and data migration tasks in support of Data Warehousing and other data integration projects.
Draft ETL procedures, batch processes, and scheduling; troubleshoot problems and make suggestions for performance tuning and system integrity.
Develop mappings and workflows in Informatica to automate data integration.
Develop data models and database design techniques, including relational and dimensional modeling.
Effectively map source to target data to meet business/system requirements.
Implement management approved SQL stored procedures and advanced SQL queries.
Assist with the development of functional and technical requirements documents for diverse audience (technical and non-technical), including migration, implementation and test plans.
Draft working documents for interfaces with non-Standard systems.
Debug, analyze and troubleshoot data quality issues.

Position Requirements:

Education/Experience:
Bachelor’s Degree in Information/Computer Technology or a closely-related field is preferred.
With an applicable Bachelor’s Degree, 5 years of experience in Computer Technology or closely-related field is required.
Without a degree, 9 years of experience in Computer Technology or a closely-related field is required.
Technical Requirements:
5 years of experience in Data Integration Techniques.
Demonstrated experience using an ETL tool such as Informatica Suite (including Power Center and Power Exchange) or an equivalent tool.
Experience with Oracle 11g, 12g, 18c or 19c.
Experience writing DDL and creating database objects.
Experience partitioning database tables.
Experience creating Oracle procedures, functions and views.

Flux Resources, LLC is proud to be an AA/EEO employer and we are committed to engaging with diverse populations. It is our priority to be a leader in creating a workforce that represents the citizens we serve. While providing EEO self-identification information is voluntary, we encourage you to do so as it is pertinent to our commitment of creating a diverse workforce.

All candidates will receive consideration without regard to characteristics protected by applicable local, state or federal law such as race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

FLUX Resources, LLC. wants to ensure applicants who apply for jobs electronically are informed of their equal employment opportunity (EEO) protections as part of the application process through the EEO is the Law and Supplement to EEO is the Law posters. In addition, you can review the prescribed pay transparency nondiscrimination provision.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran you have the right to request an accommodation, which can be done by e-mailing us at accommodations@workwithflux.com and providing us with your name and contact information",4.7,"Flux Resources
4.7","Portland, OR",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
12,Staff Data Engineer,-1,"Checkr's mission is to build a fairer future by improving understanding of the past. We believe all candidates, regardless of who they are, should have a fair chance to work. Established in 2014 and valued at $2.2B, Checkr is using technology to bring hiring to the next level. Our People Trust Platform uses machine learning to help thousands of companies modernize their background check process and make hiring safer, more efficient, and more inclusive. Some of our customers include, Uber, Instacart, Doordash, Netflix, Compass Group, and Adecco.

A career with Checkr is an opportunity to work with some of the best and brightest minds, disrupt an industry for a better future, and give otherwise overlooked candidates access to employment. Checkr has been recognized in Forbes Best Startup Employers and is a top Y Combinator company by valuation.

We are looking for a Staff Data Engineer with a strong foundation in architecting modern cloud-based data pipelines that help to empower data-driven decision making across teams and organizations. As Checkr scales, so does the need to evolve our underlying data infrastructure. You will have the opportunity to work with key business stakeholders and engineering partners to help shape the long-term data strategy of our company and to build a data ecosystem that supports that strategy. While our current data platform uses Snowflake, dbt, Airflow, Kafka, and Spark, you will also evaluate open-source tools and vendors that expand our data capabilities. You will help ensure that our foundational data services and processes scale together with the rest of the company. This is an exciting opportunity to play a crucial role in the growth of Checkr!

Responsibilities:
Build, maintain and optimize critical data pipelines that serve as the foundation for Checkr's data platform and products,
Build tools that help streamline the management and operation of our data ecosystem,
Architect systems for scale and security to keep up with a huge influx of data as Checkr continues to grow,
Architect systems that empower repeatable and scalable machine learning workflows,
Identify innovative applications of data that can enable new products or insights and enable other teams at Checkr to maximize their own impact
What you bring:
6+ years of industry-related experience in a backend or data engineering role and a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.
Experience architecting, developing and maintaining production data services
Familiarity with modern CI/CD practices and tools (e.g., gitlab and kubernetes)
Experience and passion for mentoring other data engineers
Deep programming expertise in Python and SQL
What you get:
A fast-paced and collaborative environment
Competitive compensation and opportunity for advancement
100% medical, dental and vision coverage
Unlimited PTO policy
Fitness reimbursements
Equal Employment Opportunities at Checkr

Checkr is committed to hiring talented and qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds for all of its tech, non-tech, and leadership roles. Checkr believes that the gathering and celebration of unique backgrounds, qualities, and cultures enriches the workplace.

Checkr also welcomes the opportunity to consider qualified applicants with prior arrest or conviction records. Checkr's commitment to diversity extends to hiring talented individuals in spite of a prior criminal history in accordance with local, state, and/or federal laws, including the San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance.",4.0,"Checkr
4.0",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
13,"Data Analyst ""Insurance Experience Required""",-1,"Client is seeking to add a Database Design Analyst with Data Warehouse and Business Analyst experience to staff the Enterprise Data Services team reporting to the AVP Enterprise Data Services at our office in Chicago, Illinois.

This position is responsible for the development and maintenance of data warehouse and analytical environments to support financial, management and statutory reporting requirements along with enhancing and facilitating corporate decision-making capabilities.
Position Responsibilities: *
Independently work with business customers and members of the EDS team to create solutions that support reporting, analytic and warehouse needs using the appropriate platforms and tools.
Analyze business requirements and work with client areas to produce functional specifications for use as reference in creation of reporting and analytical solutions.
Perform the first level of testing for a new and/or enhanced functionality and provide support for user acceptance testing.
Analyze source data to understand relationships and determine business rules.
Assist in designing the data warehouse and assure that data is stored and maintained in consistent formats.
Create source to target mapping documents to transform the source data into the target warehouse and test final transformations.
Develop and/or maintain relationships with business customers to identify and acquire additional data sources to incorporate into the warehouse.
Train and assist users with retrieving data from the warehouse.
Provide guidance in the creation of reporting and analytical solutions.
Position Qualifications: *
Requires a bachelor's degree or equivalent certifications in technical system design.
Insurance industry experience.
4+ years of experience developing data warehouse solutions preferably within the insurance industry.
Sound understanding of data warehouse best practices, relational data structures and dimensional data modeling.
Strong knowledge of current relational database and big data software and query concepts
Advanced SQL skills
Experience supporting large scale Enterprise Data Warehouses
Business Analyst experience.
Ability to analyze and solve complex problems and to work independently on multiple tasks
Must be able to communicate effectively verbally and in writing with technical and non-technical associates
Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: Up to $1.00 per hour

Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SQL: 6 years (Required)
Databases: 8 years (Required)
Data warehouse: 8 years (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",4.3,"Peterson Technology Partners
4.3","Chicago, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Contract,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
14,DATA ANALYST,-1,"FOR IMMEDIATE DETAILS ABOUT THIS POSITION, contact ANY of us direct, referencing the JOB# below:

Kindest Regards:
KIANA AREVALO: (469) 325-3712
JOANNE SMITH: (469) 298-9115
SHERRIE KRAUS: (469) 996-9697
JUSTIN MATLIN: (469) 209-5915
SUMIT KUMAR: (949) 860-4718
E M A I L: Recruiter.key3@calance.com

=======================================
=======================================
* We CAN'T accept any C2C/INC/1099 consultants, W2 ONLY**
=======================================

Position: DATA ANALYST
JOB REF#: 894155
Duration: 4+ Months (On-going Contract)
Location: Plano, TX 75024
Rate: Open/Market Rate (W2 ONLY)

Data Analyst is responsible for, but not limited to: monitoring the COVID-19 related data in Workday HR system and a custom PowerBI application for missing / inaccurate data, performing data audits, troubleshooting and investigating data anomalies and issues, and working with the business and IT to resolve data issues (proactively and reactively). The role will be working across multiple business units (i.e. IT, local HR, third party nurses, etc.) and locations virtually to help guarantee the quality of the data. The position will require flexibility, adaptability, and advanced experience utilizing Workday and Excel. The desired candidate should be deadline driven, work well under pressure, possess a strong customer service mindset, have excellent communication skills, and can build and maintain relationships across the organization.

REQUIRED EXPERIENCE:
• 1+ years’ experience as a Data Analyst working with large data sets
• Experience performing data audits, troubleshooting and investigating data anomalies and issues
• Must have WORKDAY HR functional expertise required (including EIBs and advanced reporting)
• Advanced skills and significant experience using Microsoft Excel.
• Must be proficient in MS Project, Visio, Word, and PowerPoint.
• EXCELLENT oral communication and written skills
• Experience working in a deadline driven, work well under pressure, and possess a strong customer service mindset
• Education: BS or BA degree in computer science, business administration, or related technical field

Calance Consultant Benefits Offerings:
EPO/PPO Medical Plan (Cigna)
HMO/PPO Dental programs (Cigna)
Vision - VSP (Vision Plan Summary)
Voluntary Life, Short (STD)/Long Term (LTD) Disability and Voluntary plans
401K VOYA Retirement vesting program
Paid Bi-Weekly/Direct Deposit",2.9,"Calance US
2.9","Plano, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
15,Senior Big Data Engineer,"$72k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Ascend Learning is a national leader in data driven, online educational solutions for learners, educators and employers in high-growth, licensure-driven professions spanning healthcare, fitness and wellness, skilled trades, insurance and financial services. We are passionate about accelerating learning while impacting job readiness, employment success and employee retention with the belief that our work changes lives.

Our culture is intentionally results-driven and selfless with a relentless focus on our customers. We believe in trust, transparency, freedom and responsibility with a commitment to meritocracy, inclusion and diversity of thought. Continual investment in our over 1400 employees is also a core principal realized through ongoing professional development and providing opportunities to grow, develop and lead. Ascend Learning is headquartered in Burlington, MA with additional office locations and remote workers in cities across the U.S. and in the U.K.

Job Overview

Ascend Learning is hiring a Sr. Big Data Engineer. This is a remote opportunity. This Engineer is responsible for leading a small team of Big Data Engineers and providing hands-on guidance for delivering actionable insights. This Engineer will work closely with agile engineering teams.

Responsibilities
Build and maintain data infrastructure and pipelines to support data and analytics, including quality, governance, lifecycle management, and compliance.
Create processes frameworks, design and implementation of large scale data migration and data processing on Kafka, Spark, Hadoop and related platforms using parallel processing programming techniques.
Partner with data scientists to build an infrastructure/pipeline to collect and analyze data.
Build tools for data scientists to access and use the platform.
Analyze large amounts of data and help derive insights and value from them.
Stay on top of evolving technology (streaming, etc.) to suggest, prototype and implement improvements to the data architecture.
Mentor junior members of the data and analytics teams.
Skills and Abilities
Commitment to best software engineering practices (unit testing, code reviews etc.) and agile process.
Desire to bring disclosure and transparency to both business and IT and grow to grow trust among partners.
Ability to facilitate discussion at the team level and facilitate alternatives or different approaches.
Be a team player who protects the scrum team while also providing unbiased transparency on progress.
Ability to bring the creative ideas of others to market.
Ability to function effectively during ambiguous tasks.
Ability to own tasks outside of immediate scope of responsibility.
Technical aptitude to partner with development teams.
Analytical thinker and problem solver.
Detail oriented with a strong focus on quality.
Strong written communication skills.
Requirements
5+ years of programming language experience required, preferably in Java.
5-7 years of strong system design/development experience in building large scale distributed systems and products.
3 to 5 years of Hands-on experience in building scalable data pipelines at multi-terabyte scale using big data technologies like Kafka, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Streaming technologies (Storm, Spark Streaming, Kafka Streams etc.) HBase / Cassandra, Zookeeper, and Oozie.
3+ years of experience using data management tools, including SQL/DBMS and NoSQL technologies like HBASE, Cassandra, Elastic Search is required.
Troubleshooting: The candidate must be able to engage in solving complex problems. Programming problems are a good example.
Linux/Unix and system administration: Advanced Linux knowledge is a must. Understanding of shell, debugging things etc. The candidate should be able to get their way around Linux and get things to work.
Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or engineering is required.
Knowledge of machine learning/distributed systems is preferred.
Ascend Learning, LLC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (M/F/Vets/Disabled). No agency or search firm submissions will be accepted. Applications for U.S. based positions with Ascend Learning, LLC must be legally authorized to work in the United States and verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.",3.5,"Ascend Learning
3.5","Denver, CO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Education Training Services,Education,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
16,Senior Data Engineer - PCCI,"$65k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Interested in a career with both meaning and growth? Whether your abilities are in direct patient care or one of the many other areas of healthcare administration and support, everyone at PCCI works together to fulfill our mission: the health and well-being of individuals and communities entrusted to our care. By joining PCCi, you become part of a diverse healthcare legacy that’s served our community for more than 125 years. Put your skills to work with us, seek opportunities to learn and join a talented team where patient care is more than a job. It’s our passion.

Primary Purpose: Parkland Center for Clinical Innovation (PCCI) is an independent, not-for-profit, health care intelligence organization. We leverage ML+AI, clinical expertise, and social determinants of health to better support under-served individuals and vulnerable populations across diverse communities. It is our firm belief that thoughtful application of digital tools and technologies helps communities get better connected to the care and resources that they need. This reduces health inequity and enables individuals to be more engaged and empowered regarding their health and well-being. One of the foundations of our work is a well-managed, high quality and high performing data system that includes our data ingestion and cleaning framework, data lake, and databases. As a data engineer, you will be responsible for ensuring that the data that we ingest from various sources, including claims, clinical and social determinants of health are ingested and cleaned appropriately, and are stored using appropriate data modeling principles. You will have an opportunity to do this in a mission-driven, fast-paced environment where your work will have an immediate impact on cutting edge analytics being deployed for clinical and operational use cases. This is a hands-on technical role that is responsible for data warehousing and business intelligence, with emphasis on data analytics (descriptive, predictive and prescriptive) through the entire project lifecycle.

Education Must have a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Engineering or another engineering field.

Experience 3+ years database administration or data engineering experience required preferably on Microsoft technology stack Experience with designing and developing create high performance, extensible data models/database structures for enterprise applications , preferably in healthcare/life-sciences industry. Experience with backups, restores and recovery models Knowledge of High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for database servers Experience working with cloud environments preferable Microsoft Azure Security setup, configuration, concepts, techniques and tools. Indexes configuration, concepts, techniques and tools.

Equivalent Education and/or Experience NA

Certification/Registration/Licensure Required Tests for Placement NA

Skills or Special Abilities Strong SQL programming skills Strong understanding of data modeling and enterprise database concepts Familiarity with a dashboarding tool like Power BI, Tableau Working knowledge of a programming language like Python Strong communication skills Azure and SQL Server certifications a plus

Parkland Health and Hospital System prohibits discrimination based on age (40 or over), race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, disability, national origin, marital status, political belief, or veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Dallas
Nearest Secondary Market: Fort Worth
Job Segment:
Patient Care, Healthcare Administration, Healthcare",4.5,"Parkland Center for Clinical Innovation
4.5","Dallas, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Nonprofit Organization,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
17,Senior Data Engineer,"$95k-$167k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Luminar Technologies is seeking a Senior Data Engineer to contribute to the development efforts of our end-to-end data pipeline and corresponding web applications. Our vision is to make autonomous transportation safe and ubiquitous. Far too many lives are lost in vehicle accidents each year. Because when real people’s lives are at stake, driving safely 99% of the time isn't good enough. We just launched Hydra, and it’s capabilities are unmatched: road tracking out to 80m, lanes to 150m, and objects to 250m. Visit us @ https://www.luminartech.com/ to find out more.

*We are interviewing and on-boarding candidates completely virtually until the County of Santa Clara eases restrictions due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Our team is currently entirely working from home, except for those individuals carrying out ‘essential’ business activities.

Responsibilities
Contribute to the development of automotive-grade software for perception and self-driving applications based on Luminar’s industry leading LiDAR platform
Implementation of BigData infrastructure and services
Quality control of data infrastructure and data service development
Automation of data infrastructure
Implementation of data transformation and streaming services
Manage site reliability of data services
Minimum Qualifications
B.S. in Computer Science or a related field
4+ years of relevant industry experience
Already shipped and operated Big Data systems in production environments
Experience in scalability of data systems
Experience Cloud services, Cloud deployment and developer operations
Hands-on Big Data software and infrastructure development skills
Expert knowledge in technologies like Kafka, Kibana/Elastic, Spark, Airflow or Hadoop
Hands-on experience of data storage and schemes like Avro, Parquet
Very strong coding skills in Java or C++ and Python
Preferred Qualifications
Expert knowledge in rational, no-sql and distributed data stores
M.S. in Computer Science or a related field
Operational experience with on-prem and cloud data systems
Experience with large-scale ingestion architectures
Hands-on experience in data streaming technologies
Experience in cloud and on-premises data systems
Experience with Machine Learning and/or Computer Vision algorithms
Benefits & Perks
Location: HQ near Stanford University in the beautiful city of Palo Alto, California
Timing: A start-up backed by industry leaders, at a critical stage of growth
Compensation: Competitive salaries and meaningful equity
Benefits: Comprehensive package (medical, dental, vision, and more)
PTO: Take it when you need it, we are a results-oriented team (not just 9-5 job)
Luminar is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, age, disability, gender identity, results of genetic testing, service in the military, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We will make a reasonable accommodation for any qualified applicant with a disability, provided that the individual is otherwise qualified to safely perform the essential functions of the job with or without accommodation and that the accommodation would not impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. Please let us know if you believe you require reasonable accommodation, or if you would like assistance to complete an application or to participate in an interview at the company.",4.1,"Luminar
4.1","Palo Alto, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
18,Medical Laboratory Scientist,-1,"Performs routine and stat laboratory test procedures working as a generalist in Chemistry, Hematology, Blood Bank, Immunology and Microbiology. Ensures the validity of test results by performing quality control, instrument calibration and routine maintenance on all instruments and manual test. Provides excellent customer service to patients, physicians and other hospital staff. Must we able to work alone as well as part of a team. Ability to multitask, prioritize and perform under pressure is essential.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Collects and processes clinical specimens for routine and stat testing.
Performs reviews, accepts and reports laboratory tests as outlined in the laboratory procedure manual. Adheres to quality assurance and quality control procedures prior preforming all testing.
Maintains and operates laboratory equipment. Has the ability to detect and trouble shoot instrument malfunctions and or failures.
Helps to ensure that proper inventory is maintained for all instruments and other laboratory supplies.
Participates in established Quality Management activities. Collects, evaluates and reports quality management data in order to improve laboratory performance.
Attends and participates in continuing education programs. Monitors, participates and evaluates proficiency testing as well as taking an active role in corrective action.
Participates in job competency evaluation programs and takes an active role in accomplishing laboratory team goals.
Works closely with all laboratory staff to ensure timely client service and accurate test results.
Maintains strict confidentiality in all situations and with all relevant documentation.
Arrives on time, works scheduled hours and takes an equal amount of call.
Performs any and all additional duties assigned by the Laboratory Manager.

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor of Science in Medical Laboratory Science or equivalent.
ASCP registration or registry eligibility required.
New graduates are encouraged to apply and must be board certified within six months of hire.
Candidate will be required to relocate.
Willingness to be on call is a must.
Competent phlebotomy skills are required.

Hours: 40/week

Shift: Days, some evenings, weekend, Holidays and call rotation",-1,Franklin County Medical Center,"Preston, ID",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
19,Data Scientist,"$79k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Responsibilities

About Our Team:

The Data Science Team provides advanced analytical support across VNSNY’s family of corporations. We leverage big data to develop insights and to support strategic decisions for the agency. Meaningful, appropriate use of data is central to the success of our organization. We are looking for an ambitious data scientist to join our team.

About the Role:

The Data Scientist will join a core group of analysts who play an important role in generating strategic insights across the VNSNY organization in these four applications of data science:

Clinical - “Who is going to get sick? What can we do to prevent or mitigate these health events? When is the best time to implement these actions?” This application of data science examines the drivers of clinical outcomes; analyzes opportunities for managing risk-based populations; evaluates programs and interventions that aim to improve patient outcomes.
Quality – “How is quality of care measured and how is it related to patient outcomes? Where are opportunities to improve the quality of care to our patients and members?” Our data scientists serve as subject matter experts on healthcare quality measurement and risk adjustment; use predictive modeling to identify patient populations in need of clinical interventions; identify opportunities for improvement in clinical processes that can lead to improved quality of care.
Operational – “How can we optimize our business operations in order to be more efficient? How do we deliver our services in order to improve the coordination of care for our patients and members?” This application of data science focuses on efficiency and optimization of business practices in order to improve patient care; uses techniques including time series forecasting and geospatial analysis to address business problems such as staffing and scheduling; analyzes opportunities for business growth within the organization and predicts and forecasts expenses.
Policy – “What is the impact of health care policy on our patient population? On our most vulnerable patients and members? How will changes in reimbursement policy affect the way we deliver patient care? What partnerships can we develop in order to ensure that our patients and members continue receiving optimal care?” Our data scientists are well-versed in healthcare policy; analyze areas for meaningful value investments that focus on improving health outcomes while saving money; use predictive modeling to identify high cost and high need patient populations who may be impacted most by changes in health policy.

You Are:

Looking for an opportunity to perform hands-on data analysis and modeling to solve a wide variety of business problems while working alongside clinical/business stakeholders
Driven by curiosity and a passion to learn, you thrive in situations where you can bring clarity to ambiguous and multi-faceted problems
A logical thinker who is comfortable learning new programming languages and computing applications independently
Obsessive about streamlining data and modeling processes; if you find you or your colleagues doing something several times, you create a standard reproducible workflow
Love the challenge of exploring new data sources while practicing a healthy skepticism about data; when you find data that looks wrong, you are emotionally compelled to figure out why
Have a desire to use your analytical skills to make measurable impacts on the lives of patients

Requirements:

MS in statistics, biostatistics, mathematics, econometrics, epidemiology, computer science, or other quantitative field
2+ years of professional experience in applied data analysis, interpretation, and prediction
Experience with statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab) and data querying languages (e.g. SQL, PLSQL) with demonstrated ability to learn and wield multiple analytical tools
Solid understanding of relational databases
Expertise in supervised and unsupervised data mining and predictive modeling techniques
Demonstrated experience executing reproducible and rigorous analyses in a timely manner
Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills, with experience communicating results of complex data analyses to non-technical stakeholders
Expertise in translating business needs into relevant data-driven deliverables and analyses
Experience managing multiple projects independently, sometimes on tight deadlines
Excellent interpersonal communication skills and ability to work collaboratively across different teams

Nice to Have:

Experience with building and deploying predictive models, especially via API, and building tools and processes to track and monitor the performance of models
Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms, software architecture, functional coding
Software engineering experience (e.g. Java, C++, Python) and knowledge of best practices across the development lifecycle (e.g. coding standards, testing)
Experience with version control, shell scripting, and the Unix filesystem
Experience with operational analytics and applying operational research techniques to support strategic and operational decisions
Experience in quasi-experimental methods such as propensity score matching or instrumental variable analysis
Experience with medical claims, electronic medical records, and health assessment data (e.g. OASIS, UAS-NY)
Knowledge of Medicare and Medicaid payment policy and alternative payment models (e.g. PDGM, Value Based Payment, dual-risk models, Hospice Final Rule)
Knowledge of risk adjustment strategies and application of risk adjustment to quality measurement programs such as CMS Home Health Quality Measures, CMS Home Health Value-Based Purchasing Model, CMS Hospice Quality Reporting Program, New York State MLTC Quality Incentive, HEDIS

Application Instructions:

Please upload a cover letter and resume/CV combined in a single document. Below are some topics you may wish to address in your cover letter:
Why are you applying for this job as Data Scientist at VNSNY?
What aspects of the job posting “speak” to you the most and make you feel that this role is a fit for you? Please explain.
Explain which, if any, of the skills in the “Nice to Have” section you bring. Expand on how you have used these skills previously.",3.8,"VISITING NURSE SERVICE OF NEW YORK
3.8","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1893,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
20,"Senior Data Analyst, Customer Operations","$85k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We’re looking for a Senior Data Analyst who has a love of mentorship, data visualization, and generating actionable insights from raw data. You will join the Insights & Analytics team, a team tasked with developing insights and reporting to support our customers and advisors’ needs. This team sits within the Customer Operations team, but is also connected to the Product organization.

The majority of your work will be with Customer Operations stakeholders to set Indicators and evaluate the effectiveness of current strategies and workflows. You’ll be an organizational influencer—generating insights with a good degree of autonomy. You will be involved in many aspects of data operations, from data auditing to building dashboards and analytical insights. In addition to reporting and dashboarding, you will analyze the customer journey on our Help Center page and analyze text-based interactions with our advisors and chatbot to improve care quality. You will be a mentor to all other members of the analytics team, which demands that you excel in a culture of teaching and learning.

You will report to the Manager of the Insights & Analytics team, Customer Operations in Squarespace’s New York offices.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop KPIs, reports, and dashboards using BI/data visualization tools
Perform and communicate impactful analyses, using SQL and R/Python to improve the customer experience and influence Customer Operations and Product roadmap
Raise the skill level of the analytics team through reviewing code, organizing training sessions, acting as a mentor, and introducing methods and tools
Help design experiments and pilots, setting clear hypotheses and success metrics, and using the right statistical methods for analyses
Work with Customer Operations and Product partners.
Partner with the Data Engineering team in pursuit of better data modeling and data quality
QUALIFICATIONS
4 or more years of experience as a data analyst, data scientist, or in a relevant field in which you have worked with large datasets to transform data to meaningful insights
Mastery of SQL, and experience with R/Python
Experience with dashboarding/BI tools like Chartio, Looker, Tableau
Experience with data cleaning, analysis, and presentation to non-technical partners
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative or logic-driven discipline
Deep love of mentorship and generating insights
Preferred: Advanced degree (Master’s or PhD) in quantitative field
Preferred: Experience with topic modeling, text analytics/natural language processing
About Squarespace

Squarespace makes beautiful products to help people with creative ideas succeed. By blending elegant design and sophisticated engineering, we empower millions of people — from individuals and local artists to entrepreneurs shaping the world’s most iconic businesses — to share their stories with the world. Squarespace’s team of more than 1,000 is headquartered in downtown New York City, with offices in Dublin and Portland. For more information, visit www.squarespace.com/about.

Benefits & Perks
Health insurance with 100% premium covered for you and your dependent children
Flexible vacation & paid time off
Up to 20 weeks of paid family leave
Equity plan for all employees
Retirement benefits with employer match
Fertility and adoption benefits
Free lunch and snacks at all offices
Education reimbursement
Dog-friendly workplace in New York office
Commuter benefit in the form of reduced tax (Ireland) and pretax (US)
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customer base, but we also strive for the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.3,"Squarespace
3.3","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
21,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"Job Description

JOB DESCRIPTION - SENIOR DATA ENGINEER

ClearOne Advantage is a fast-growing company that is aggressively hiring due to increased business. We are always improving our marketing, culture and technology to provide our employees with the best work atmosphere and our customers with excellent customer service. COA’s proprietary software is tailored to our industry and allows the client to receive the best service possible.

We are seeking a Senior Data Engineer who can develop and maintain COA’s data environment, including data warehousing, data ingestion, ETL/ELT, data exchange, data lineage, and data quality. This role will interact daily with our Data Analytics/Data Science, Finance, Operations, DBAs, Site Reliability, and DevOps teams. Ideal candidate will be smart, passionate about data and eager to continually grow.

If you are looking to work in a team environment, a place where you are more a name than a number, where you interact with leadership daily, then please send your resume for review!

Perks:

● For Baltimore candidates - great location, right on the water in the Canton Crossing Tower

● Casual work environment and remote flexibility

● Room for advancement


Job Requirements

JOB REQUIREMENTS

Job Duties:

● Design and implement data warehouse solutions (schema design, partitioning, data ingestion, security, encryption, scrubbing, optimization, etc.)

● Design and implement data exchange solutions with partners and other third parties (secure data integration, file integrity, data ingestion, data quality, file retention, etc.)

● Design and implement data streaming solutions (clickstream, phone, third party services) for real-time/near-time ingestion into the data warehouse

● Establish programmatic tasks and perform unit tests of code and solutions

● Interface and consume application APIs for batch data ingestion

● Work with Data Science group to design, implement, and optimize analytic solutions

● Work with other departments on reporting design and efficiency

● Follow corporate and team standards for design, security, efficiency, application logging, monitoring/alerting, and documentation

● Triage and fix production application issues

● Stay abreast of new technologies and practices to further enhance team capabilities and own skills

● Participate in on-call rotation to support new and existing products

Qualifications:

● 4+ years hands-on experience in Application Development

● 2+ years operating in an Agile environment

● 3+ years hands-on experience with Microsoft® SQL Server, including using indexes, stored procedures, views, and triggers

● 3+ years hands-on experience with ETL/ELT tools (Five Tran, Informatica, Switch, SSIS, etc.)

● 2+ years hands-on experience with Business Intelligence tools (Tableau, Looker, Microstrategy, Brio, etc.)

● 1+ years working with Snowflake, AWS Redshift, or other commercially scaled cloud data warehouse provider

● 1+ years working in Amazon Web Services (AWS) or other cloud environment

● Awareness of analytics tools (R, SPSS, SAS, etc.), machine learning (Jupyter, etc.), artificial intelligence

● Working knowledge of encryption protocols and data scrubbing methods

● Working knowledge of data streaming tools and methods for real-time/near-time data availability

● Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field / equivalent experience

● Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, rapid growth environment

● Ability to solve problems and learn business rules and processes

● Ability to demonstrate strategic, data-driven thinking combined with efficient implementation

● Ability to communicate clearly and effectively to both technical peers and business customers

● Ability work on a team as well as complete projects and tasks individually

● Hands-on, self-starter with a positive attitude and strong work ethic

● Authorized to work on US. At this time, ClearOne cannot offer sponsorship.

Technical Skills:

● Required – Microsoft SQL Server 2016-2019, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Snowflake, Fivetran, Python, SFTP, Tableau, Amazon Web Services, JSON, GitHub

● Preferred – MongoDB, NewRelic, JavaScript, .NET Core 3.1, Confluent, Kafka, R, Jupyter

AAP/EEO Statement:

Clear One Advantage provides equal employment opportunity to all employees and job seekers without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under federal, state or local laws.",4.4,"ClearOne Advantage
4.4",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
22,"Scientist - HPLC, SEC, CIF, CGE","$37k-$72k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB DESCRIPTION

PPD is a leading global contract research organization providing comprehensive, integrated drug development, laboratory and lifecycle management services. At PPD, we are passionate, deliberate, and driven by our purpose- to improve health!

PPD Laboratories offers the most comprehensive set of laboratory services available in the industry and continues to deliver innovative solutions to our clients through our collaborative approach, including PPD Laboratories FSP. PPD Laboratories FSP is a unique partnership that allows our clients to leverage the experience of our PPD staff, while allowing you, the employee, to gain direct experience working onsite at a pharmaceutical/ biopharmaceutical company, all while maintaining full-time benefits/advantages of being a part of PPD.

As a Scientist you will perform a variety of complex sample preparation and analysis procedures to quantitatively measure pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical compounds in a variety of formulations and/or biological matrices (demonstrated use of the following techniques: HPLC, SEC, CIF, CGE, CE).

At PPD we hire the best, develop ourselves and each other, and recognize the power of being one team. We offer continued career advancement opportunities, award winning training and benefits focused on the health and well being of our employees.

Summarized Purpose:

Possesses a thorough understanding of laboratory procedures and can reliably conduct complex analysis with increased independence. Performs a variety of complex sample preparation and analysis procedures to quantitatively measure pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical compounds in a variety of formulations and/or biological matrices. Follows validated or experimental analytical procedures with periodic direct supervision. Responsible for review and compilation of results and data comparison against SOP acceptance criteria, methodology, protocol and product specifications. Enters data into databases and reports. Performs self-review for own data prior to QC submission.

Essential Functions:

Performs a variety of complex sample preparation and analysis procedures to quantitatively measure pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical compounds in a variety of formulations and /or biological matrices for stability and analytical testing.

Works with multiple functional groups to meet business needs.

Plans and organizes work with periodic supervision.

Sets up and maintains analytical instrumentation.

Trains on routine operation, maintenance and theory of analytical instrumentation, SOPs and regulatory procedures and guidelines.

Ensures QA findings are addressed appropriately.

Aids and training to other team members.

Problem solving, either independently or with assistance pertaining to extraction and/or instrumentation problems.

Communicates project status to project leader.

Performs work assignments accurately, and in a timely and safe manner.

Reviews, interprets, and analyzes data for technical, quality and compliance to protocols, methods, SOPs, client criteria and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) or Good Laboratory Practices (GLP).

Performs self and peer review of the data for accuracy and compliance with reporting requirements prior to submission to QA and issuance to customers.

PPDFSP

Job Qualification

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree or equivalent and relevant formal academic / vocational qualification

Previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable to 2+ years).

In some cases, an equivalency, consisting of a combination of appropriate education, training and/or directly related experience, will be considered sufficient for an individual to meet the requirements of the role.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Demonstrated knowledge of multiple applicable techniques such as: HPLC, SEC, CIF, CGE

GMP experience preferred

Proficient in Microsoft Excel and Word

Proven ability to interpret data by performing trend analysis

Proven ability in technical writing skills

Ability to independently optimize analytical methods

Proven problem solving and troubleshooting abilities

Good written and oral communication skills

Time management and project management skills

Ability to work in a collaborative work environment with a team

Working Environment:

PPD values the health and well being of our employees. We support and encourage individuals to create a healthy and balanced environment where they can thrive. Below is listed the working environment/requirements for this role:

Able to communicate, receive, and understand information and ideas with diverse groups of people in a comprehensible and reasonable manner.

Able to work upright and stationary and/or standing for typical working hours.

Able to lift and move objects up to 25 pounds

Able to work in non-traditional work environments.

Able to use and learn standard office equipment and technology with

proficiency.

May have exposure to potentially hazardous elements, including infectious agents, typically found in healthcare or laboratory environments.

Able to perform successfully under pressure while prioritizing and handling multiple projects or activities.

PPD Defining Principles:

We have a strong will to win - We earn our customer’s trust - We are gamechangers - We do the right thing - We are one PPD -

If you resonate with our five principles above, and ultimately wish to accelerate the delivery of safe and effective therapeutics for some of the world’s most urgent health needs, then please submit your application – we’d love to hear from you.

Diversity Statement
PPD is proud to be an affirmative action employer that values diversity as a strength and fosters an environment of mutual respect. PPD is committed to providing equal employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, pregnancy, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status or status within any other protected group.",3.8,"PPD
3.8","Collegeville, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
23,Data Engineer II,"$67k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Who we are:

Fidelity Life is a leading provider of financial security for middle market consumers. With a history of innovation, the company is redefining the life insurance industry with patented products and processes. Fidelity Life pioneered the use of predictive analytics to streamline the new business process and revolutionize the speed with which policies can be issued. Established in 1896, Fidelity Life enjoys a long track-record of success and continues to build its reputation of sound fiscal management and customer-focused innovation.

In concert with Fidelity Life, eFinancial is an online and call-center-based insurance agency with a proven direct-to-consumer life insurance model. Using a proprietary and patented sales technology platform, eFinancial operates call centers in Chicago, IL; Seattle, WA; and Tempe, AZ. eFinancial’s licensed agents and representatives reach thousands of consumers each day to help meet their unique life insurance needs – often with just a single phone call. To complement this channel, the company recently expanded to offer an entirely digital purchase experience.

Together, Fidelity Life and eFinancial are revolutionizing the life insurance industry to make life insurance more accessible and affordable for everyday Americans. With an integrated marketing, product manufacturing, and controlled distribution system, the enterprise is uniquely positioned for growth.

Overview:

As a key member of the Big Data Analytics team, you will be responsible for creating and operating the Big Data environment that enables eFinancial and Fidelity Life Association to optimize business processes and grow rapidly. You will move and integrate data across multiple disparate systems, aggregate and organize large sets of data in order to enable lead operations, analytics, and predictive modeling. If you would love being an owner-operator of a fast-growing complex online business with modern technology stacks, building analytical and infrastructure solutions, and driving success via analytics, this role is for you!

Responsibilities


What you will contribute:
Own the creation and maintenance of company data structures and databases in AWS to support predictive model development, analytics, and business intelligence.
Implement, test, document, and deploy integrations and maintain production readiness for cloud-based technology stack including real-time streaming, batch feeds, and predictions models from multiple cloud-based and on-premise sources.
Take on specific ETL projects to assimilate data from multiple new structured and unstructured data sources in batch or real-time, as appropriate.
Assimilate and implement business rules to process raw data. Set up visualization tools to meet the needs of both cloud and on-premise user community.
Serve as data steward for Analytics team and third-party technology partners.
Qualifications


What you should bring to the table:
Bachelor’s degree in any relevant field required.
At least 4 years of data engineer experience.
Hands-on experience with AWS services: Lambda, Athena, Redshift Spectrum, Glue, S3, EKS, EC2, EMR, Kinesis, and RDS.
Git experience required.
Knowledge and experience in Big Data and in building Data Pipelines/ETL processes.
Strong verbal and written communications skills that enable you to explain data infrastructure complexity with clarity and precision to executive management.
Proficiency in SQL; and working knowledge of Python and PySpark.
Ability to think strategically to anticipate and plan for future business needs.
Passion for taking ownership of new opportunities and projects.
Team Player mentality - you thrive in a collaborative environment.
Excellent multi-tasking skills, you are able to shift gears quickly and comfortably.


Nice to have skills and experience:
Experience with DevOps and CI/CD preferred.",3.6,"Efinancial
3.6","Tempe, AZ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
24,Senior Data Scientist,"$118k-$190k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Headspace is looking for a Senior Data Scientist, reporting into the Director of Data Science and Analytics.
We are seeking a talented and experienced senior data scientist to deliver impactful insights to teams across the business. Working closely with the director of data science and analytics, the senior data scientist will develop models to solve business problems and improve the member experience. The individual will have the opportunity to inspire and mentor additional members of the team in all things data-related. A successful candidate will be technically strong, proficient in communicating results to a range of audiences, and excited to share their knowledge with other team members.

How your skills and passions will come to life at Headspace:
Train, test, and tune machine learning models for a variety of problems across the businessManage all aspects of data science projects from start to finish, including early conversations with stakeholders and presenting results to executivesWork with the Director of Data Science & Analytics to pave the way for actionable data science in a high-growth, mission-driven organizationIdentify opportunities to apply data science and machine learning towards unaddressed business problems, or to improve existing aspects our data science infrastructure.


What you’ve accomplished:
Bachelor degree in computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, or any scientific or computational degree, Masters/Ph.D. preferred
3+ years of experience developing machine learning models and putting them into production
3+ years delivering analytical insights to stakeholdersExperience managing data science projects from conception to completionExperience with user behavior, mobile app, and subscription business a plus
Deep understanding of statistics, experimental design, and machine learning algorithms
Commitment to using best practices in data scienceStrong programming skills in Python, experience with pySpark is a plus
Strong SQL skills, experience with AWS services a plus
Excited to share knowledge and mentor other members of the team
Strong ability to communicate complex ideas and results to both technical and non-technical audiences


How to get started:

If you’re excited by the idea of seeing yourself in this role at Headspace, please apply with your CV and a cover letter that best expresses your interest and unique qualifications.",3.4,"Headspace
3.4","Santa Monica, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
25,Data Scientist,"$75k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist

05-Oct-2020

Job Description
It’s a new day in health care!

Combining CVS Health and Aetna was a ground-breaking moment for our company and our industry, establishing CVS Health as the nation’s premier health innovation company. Through our health services, insurance plans and community pharmacists, we’re pioneering a bold new approach to total health.

As a CVS Health colleague, you’ll be at the center of it all.We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success.
In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.

Looking for opportunities to use cutting edge technologies analyzing petabytes of data in a world class Hadoop cluster? Interested in generating analytical insights that help members make the best decisions for the individual care needs?

Aetna’s Member analytics team is an innovate team tasked with optimizing our ability to engage with members to help them make better healthcare decisions. Our goals are to improve clinical outcomes and to help members gain more transparency into the healthcare system so that they can save money. To do this we’ve developed a leading capability that combines data science, agile marketing, behavioral economics, large scale experimentation, and optimization of our digital properties and applications. Through this we message millions of members each year about real challenges they face and help them become more healthy or save money – we drive tangible and meaningful impact for our members.

A common campaign for us would include a number of predictive models that identify specific members to message at specific moments, a suite of creative tactics with varying behavioral economics principles to deliver content, and the use of a large number of channels and apps in a highly coordinated and journey based fashion - all deployed by our own team through the experimentation platform that we’ve developed. Our organization can launch campaigns in as little as six weeks and then over time will optimize and tune them; we currently maintain and optimize a portfolio of over one hundred very specific behavioral campaigns. We are constantly expanding and seeking to develop new campaigns and develop our ability to maximize behavior change by improving our ability to engage across channels and increasingly have a large focus on doing this through our apps. Our work encompasses identifying impactful behaviors to target, designing campaigns for them, optimizing those campaigns, and optimizing our overall functionality to do so. If you join our organization you’ll become an expert in understanding decision making and behavior, applying cutting edge machine learning/experimentation/behavioral science techniques, developing software to expand the ability to engage, building out digital properties, and running an agile business that innovates at large scale and high velocity. And you’ll know that your work directly impacts our membership in a positive way.

Req#
73646BR

Job Group
Data & Analytics

Full or Part Time
Full Time

Supervisory Responsibilities
No

Percent of Travel Required
0 - 10%

Posting Job Title
Data Scientist

Additional Locations
NY-New York

Primary Location (City, State)
NY-New York

EEO Statement
Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Resource Group
2

Initiative Group
104

Fundamental Components
Participates in the development, validation and delivery of algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools. Solves moderately complex analytical problems.
Develops, validates and executes algorithms and predictive models to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions.
Explores, examines and interprets large volumes of data in various forms.
Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve moderately complex business problems. utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses.
Develops data structures and pipelines to organize, collect and standardize data that helps generate insights and addresses reporting needs.
Uses data visualization techniques to effectively communicate analytical results and support business decisions.
Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned projects and assures the integrity of the data.
Explores existing data and recommends additional sources of data for improvements.
Documents projects including business objectives, data gathering and processing, detailed set of results and analytical metrics.
Background Experience
Demonstrates good written and verbal communication skills.
Able to present information to various audiences.
Effectively resolves problems and roadblocks as they occur.
Demonstrates proficiency in several areas of data modeling, machine learning algorithms, statistical analysis, data engineering and data visualization.
Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources.3 years of relevant programming or analytic experience.
Masters degree preferred.Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, or related discipline.
Benefits Program
Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Candidate Privacy Information
Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

Clinical Licensure Required
N/A",3.3,"Aetna
3.3","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1853,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
26,Machine Learning Engineer,"$102k-$177k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Responsibilities *
Develop features and models to improve the capabilities of systems that use machine learning.
Scale up models, build training datasets and tune parameters to improve system performance.
Build software that improves your rate of experimentation and helps you make better decisions about what to try next.
Build analysis tools and simulations to understand the performance of complex systems. - Conduct original research to solve hard problems applying machine learning in new areas - Work with the team to deploy models for a mission critical application.
Come up with Machine Learning roadmap and be responsible for its execution.
Improve current models
Integrate Machine Learning projects with Knightscope Security Operations Center (KSOC).
Provide technical guidance in Machine Learning experiments and projects.
Take end-to-end ownership of Machine Learning systems.
Identify new opportunities to apply Machine Learning to different parts of the Knightscope offering.
Stay up-to-date with new technology innovation. Introduce what would be beneficial for the Company to continue to be the market leader in security.
Qualifications *
PhD/MS/BS in Computer Science.
5+ years professional work experience with Machine Learning.
Deep understanding of the mathematical foundations of Machine Learning algorithms.
Demonstrated expertise of working hands-on in analyzing and modeling large data sets.
Ability to quickly prototype new ideas and use creative approaches to solve complex problems
Experience with cloud (Amazon AWS, MS Azure, etc.) as well as embedded environments (NVIDIA Jetson, Raspberry Pi, etc.).
Hands-on experience with deep learning frameworks: TensorFlow, Keras, Pytorch, Caffe, etc.
Experience with Machine learning libraries such as scikit-learn, numpy, scipy, pandas, PIL, OpenCL.
Python experience.
Ability to collaborate closely with cross functional teams
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Self-motivated and self-starter
Bonus Points*
Experience in a startup environment
Location*
Remote Work-from-Home (in the U.S.) Flexibility Available
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $130,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Machine Learning: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",2.7,"Knightscope, Inc.
2.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
27,Data Scientist,"$78k-$129k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

i360, a leader in data and analytics capabilities that solve political, operational, supply chain, and market forecasting challenges for some of the most sophisticated organizations in the world, is seeking a Data Scientist to join the team! i360 is a dynamic workplace sitting on the leading edge of politics, technology, and business, and is seeking team members who are as excited about freedom as they are about building the next generation of political technology.

The ideal candidate is someone who has technical experience leveraging data and technology to optimize commercial or political operations and to create new capabilities. The Data Scientist is primarily responsible for developing models and related tools that create value for our customers.

What you will do in your role.
Quantify model accuracy over baseline for a specific subset of people
Quantify the potential value of a new data set for future models
Analyze a data science customer question and explain the answer to a non-technical team member
Devise and implement an automated approach to a repeatable process in collaboration with the Data Operations Team and the Analytics Team
Determine more data is required after training an experimental model and validating its performance
The experience you will bring.


To be considered, candidates must demonstrate the following qualities:
Outstanding quantitative, analytical, and conceptual problem-solving skills
Entrepreneurial attitude and the desire to drive projects to completion autonomously and on time
Affinity for fast-paced, cross-functional team environments
Basic Qualifications:
3+ years of experience writing R, Python, or similar scripting language for data analysis
1+ years of experience in machine learning or artificial intelligence with caret, scikit-learn, PyTorch, TensorFlow, or similar framework
1+ years of experience writing SQL for data analysis
Theoretical understanding of the algorithms behind real-world machine learning and artificial intelligence applications
Preferred Qualifications:
MS or PhD in statistics, mathematics, econometrics, operations research, software engineering, computer science, artificial intelligence, or a similar technical field. Those with a non-technical advanced degree but extensive technical experience are also encouraged to apply.
Experience identifying and communicating actionable insights using data
Experience with automated data pipelines for data collection or standardization
Experience with NoSQL nonrelational databases
Familiarity with AWS or similar cloud-based platform, Linux, git, containers, and command line basics
Familiarity with d3.js, plotly, seaborn, ggplot, or similar library
Familiarity with individual-level commercial data, state-level government data, census data, or unstructured data
Experience working with free market groups or political campaigns
Education


Bachelor’s degree in statistics, mathematics, econometrics, operations research, software engineering, computer science, artificial intelligence, or a similar technical field

Salary and benefits commensurate with experience.

Equal Opportunity Employer.

Except where prohibited by state law, all offers of employment are conditioned upon successfully passing a drug test.

This employer uses E-Verify. Please visit the following website for additional information: www.kochcareers.com/doc/Everify.pdf

]]>",4.1,"I 360
4.1","Arlington, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
28,Data Scientist,-1,"Location: San Jose, CA, Irving, TX
Salary: DOE

What You’ll Do
As a member of this dynamic and fast-paced team, you will perform cross-functional data engineering and analysis in a big data environment.

Specific responsibilities include:

Collect and organize data requirements and processes
Work with data engineers to ensure the availability of accurate and timely data
Perform impact assessment and deep-dive analysis in collaboration with stakeholders to ensure data integrity, consistency, usability, and completeness
Write SQL for data support for business processes and ETL in Hadoop
Identify patterns and trends and communicate them to stakeholders
Assess usability of new data sources
Apply statistical analysis to quantify impact of business processes.
Extract patterns and actionable insights from data.

Top Skills Required

Demonstrate ability and job history of

Predictive Analytics
Modeling of Predictive Analytics
Statistics Background
SQL, HADOOP and SPARK Experience

Qualification

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent
Strong statistical foundation including descriptive analysis and hypothesis testing
Creative problem solver – ability to identify and analyze complex patterns
Effective communicator with both technical and non-technical audiences.
Proficient in SQL and at least one programming (or scripting) language SPARK, HADOOP",-1,ELT Solutions,"San Jose, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Self-employed,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
29,Data Scientist,-1,"Develop and test mathematical models in support of customer-specific applications such as critical asset protection and wireless network monitoring.
Identify internal and external data sources to satisfy model input.
Develop requirements for hardware and software teams for new data sources and features.
Collaborate with system architects to design, implement, and optimize data pipelines.
Collaborate with data visualization personnel to support customer reporting efforts.
Support peer groups with model and algorithm development to solve new challenges and incorporate learning systems into system architecture.
Requirements

Experience:
5 to 10 years in statistical signal processing, machine learning, statistical inference or related areas.
Creating, validating, and deploying models to predict solution to problems with incomplete observable spaces.
Knowledge of tools and languages such as MATLAB, python (TensorFlow, NumPy, SciKit-Learn, SciPy), SQL (PostgreSQL, MySQL, NoSQL), Tableau, GIS (ESRI, QGIS, MapInfo), R.
Good communicator able to clearly convey ideas to others and report approach and conclusions to new problems",-1,Pierce Technology Corp,"Tysons Corner, VA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
30,Data Scientist,"$112k-$133k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Entefy’s Senior Data Scientist is a highly visible position both internally and externally. Join the intelligence revolution, where we can push the state-of-the-art boundaries of data science. This is where deep experience and multi-dimensional insights intersect with an amazing opportunity to shape the future of productivity for people everywhere.

Skills and Experience:

We’re not looking for “good.” Entefy is on a mission to find exceptional talent. The success of our mission depends on our team’s ability to be creatively analytical, insatiably curious, and absolutely fearless in tackling big challenges.
Requirements
Master's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, or a compatible field. PhD is preferred.
3+ years of applicable work experience.
Demonstrable proficiency in Python, Scala, SQL, or R.
Strong data visualization and reporting skills.
Proven track record delivering high-value, advanced analytics.
Experience leading the work of other data scientists or analysts is preferred.
World-class ability to extract and communicate insights from real-world datasets.
Startup agility and versatility.
Visit www.entefy.com and www.blog.entefy.com.",4.3,"Entefy
4.3","Palo Alto, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
31,Data Scientist,-1,"Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field,

Advanced knowledge of advanced analytics software technologies, technical design, programming, monitoring, and troubleshooting enabling software related technologies. Knowledgeable of advanced analytics strategies, architectural standards and best practices.

Two or more years of experience with two or more programming languages from the following list required: Java, Python, JavaScript, C++, Ruby, C#, Objective-C or R.

Advanced experience with Python or Java specifically.

Experience with any data science tools such as R, SAS, or SPSS a plus. Experience with the HDFS/YARN/Spark and related tools a plus.

Experience with mathematical modeling languages (DOcplex/CPLEX, Matlab, GAMS) a plus.

Experience developing applications in a Linux server environment preferred.

Job Type: Full-time",4.1,"Aptude, Inc
4.1","Appleton, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
32,Data Scientist,"$56k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Sartorius Stedim Data Analytics, a market leader in advanced analytics and provider of Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions, is on a strong growth path driving new innovative solutions in the field. It currently has an outstanding opportunity for a Data Scientist to drive customer applications, support the Sartorius sales teams and feedback customer needs into the development of new solutions. The incumbent for this key role will have a strong customer focus to help secure innovation and growth from both new and existing customers.

What you can look forward to
Assisting customers in solving business related problems using advanced data analysis and data driven technologies
Supporting implementation of advanced analytics in industry
Analyzing large amounts of data and building data driven models
Initiating, leading and driving customer projects
Training customers on the use of our software
Supporting sales (pre/post)
Supporting marketing & development
Performing regular follow up with customers to track satisfaction, secure project momentum and discover additional opportunities
Creating technical documents
Attending and presenting at conferences, seminars and forums
Developing & cultivating strong relationships with external and internal stakeholders
Being part of a team of data scientists
Skills and experience
Minimum of a bachelor's degree (master’s degree preferred) in a relevant field (engineering, life sciences, informatics, automation/control, etc.)
Minimum two years’ work experience within Biopharma or Pharma
Minimum two years’ working knowledge of applied statistics including MVDA, DOE, MSPC, PAT, QbD, Model Predictive Control (MPC), MMPC, AI/Machine learning
Strong bioprocess knowledge preferred
Familiarity with Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions preferred (MODDE, SIMCA, SIMCA-online, Control Advisor, Active Dashboard)
Working knowledge of prescriptive analytics a plus
Working knowledge of Python scripting preferred
Working knowledge of MATLAB, data historians and control strategies a plus
Teaching, consulting and project management experience a plus
Excellent communications skills, strong presentation skills
Comfortable working independently
Comfortable working from home office, willingness to travel (~25%)
Strong identification with Sartorius core values: sustainability, openness, enjoyment
Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organization suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognized for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin. We are also an equal opportunity employer of individuals with disabilities and protected veterans.

Please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by OFCCP here

E-Verify Participation Info

E-Verify Workers Rights

Interested? Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organisation suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognised for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

To find out more about Sartorius as an employer visit us on Sartorius Careers

Become part of our global team.",3.6,"Sartorius
3.6","Albuquerque, NM",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1870,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
33,Data Scientist,"$83k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist

Language: English

Location: Memphis, TN

Travel: <10>

Buckman is a privately held, global specialty chemical company with headquarters in Memphis, TN, USA, committed to safeguarding the environment, maintaining safety in the workplace, and promoting sustainable development. Buckman delivers exceptional service and innovative solutions to our customers globally in the pulp and paper, leather, and water treatment sectors to help boost productivity, reduce risk, improve product quality, and provide a measurable return on investment. Buckman is in the middle of a digital transformation of its businesses and focused on building the capabilities and tools in support of this.

Position Summary
Buckman is seeking an experienced Data Scientist to lead the development of a Data Science program at our Memphis facility. You will work closely with Buckman stakeholders to derive deep industry knowledge across paper, water, leather, and performance chemical industries. You will help develop a data strategy for the company including collection of the right data, creation of the data science project portfolio, partnering with external providers, and augmenting capabilities with additional internal hires. A large part of the job is communicating and developing relationship with key stakeholders and subject matter experts to tee up proofs of concept projects to demonstrate how data science can be used to solve old problems in unique and novel ways. You will not have a large internal team to rely on, at least initially, so individual expertise, breadth of data science knowledge, and ability to partner with external companies will be essential for success. In addition to the pure data science problems, you will be working closely with a multi-disciplinary team consisting of sensor scientists, software engineers, network engineers, mechanical/electrical engineers, and chemical engineers in the development, and deployment of IoT solutions. If you like working for an entrepreneurial company with a Sustainability mission and digital ambitions at the core of its strategy, Buckman is the place for you.

Competencies Needed for Success
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science
5+ years of relevant working experience in an analytical role involving data extraction, analysis, and visualization
Expertise in one or more programming languages R, Python, MATLAB, JMP, Minitab, Java, C++, Scala
Key libraries such as Sklearn, XgBoost, GLMNet, Dplyr, ggplot, Rshiny
Experience and knowledge of data mining algorithms including supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques areas such as Gradient Boosting, Decision Trees, Multivariate Regressions, Logistic regressions, Neural Network, Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, Naive Bayes, Time Series, Optimization
Microsoft IoT/data science toolkit: Azure Machine Learning, Datalake, Datalake analytics, Workbench, IoT Hub, Stream Analytics, CosmosDB, Time Series Insights, PowerBI
Data querying languages (e.g. SQL, Hadoop/Hive) and Preferred Qualifications
A demonstrated record of success with a verifiable portfolio of problems tackled
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s or PhD degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science
Experience in the specialty chemicals sector or similar industry
Background in engineering, especially Chemical Engineering
Experience starting up a data science program
Experience working with global stakeholders
Experience working in a start-up environment, preferably in an IoT company
Knowledge in quantitative modeling tools and statistical analysis",3.6,"Buckman
3.6","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1945,Company - Private,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
34,Data Scientist,"$94k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","When you’re the best, we’re the best. We instill an environment where employees feel engaged, satisfied and able to contribute their unique skills and talents. We provide extensive opportunities for personal and professional development, building both employee competence and organizational capability to fuel exceptional performance now and in the future.

Summary:

In this role, you will conduct sophisticated data analysis to help address critical business and member questions, the outputs of which enable members to drive improvements in clinical, operational, and economic outcomes.

Responsibilities:

Provide analysis to identify critical issues/questions around member performance.

Conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.

Generate hypotheses and analyze data to test and interpret results.

Design and develop data models to predict member outcomes or future impact of key member decisions.

Communicate findings from exploratory and predictive data analysis broadly to team and leaders.

Identify improvement opportunities in reporting and BI tools and collaborate with Products Technology to implement enhancements.

Serve as the resident data expert and share best practices/approaches for statistics, machine learning techniques, data modeling, simulation and advanced mathematics.

Collaborate with key leaders and clinicians to build analytical acumen across all analytic roles in the organization.

Qualifications:

Relevant degree preferred. Advanced degree a plus.

5 or more years of relevant work experience.

Proficient programming experience using SAS/Python/R.

Demonstrated ability to manage large disparate data sets and using quantitative and qualitative analysis.

Experience effectively communicating and presenting data to a variety of audiences required.

Experience working with health care administrative claims data (ICD-10, MS-DRG, CPT/HCPCS) or electronic medical record data tools (Epic Clarity/Caboodle, Cerner CCL-Discern/PowerInsight) strongly preferred.

#LI-DM

#IDS

Equal Opportunity Employer: Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The Company is committed to equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, gender identity, ethnicity, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability status, veteran status or any other category protected by applicable law.",4.0,"Vizient, Inc.
4.0","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
35,Data Scientist,"$80k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Capsule


The Data Scientist analyzes complex and unstructured data using state-of-the-art data science methods for data driven decision making. This role uses knowledge of data science methods and applies analytics to solve real world problems. The Data Scientist will work with customers to collect and understand data, perform wrangling, develop applications and collaborate actively across the organization and with senior management to accomplish various objectives.

Job Duties/Roles
Apply advanced data science concepts to deliver data driven digital offerings and insights
Be able to write independent source code, validate and test for model quality assessment and improvement
Experience with Data Visualization tools such as Power BI or Tableau or Spotfire
Use machine learning and artificial intelligence methods, classification, regression algorithms
Comfortable working independently on data engineering, pre-processing and data preparation tasks to prepare data for further analysis
Generate Intellectual Property for the company
Stay current in the field of advanced analytics and take initiative to apply new technologies
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (KSAR)
Python - Numpy, Pandas, lamdas, keras, Tensorflow, MS Cognitive AI, Matlab, R, SQL
OOP(Object Oriented Programming)
ANN, RNN, Classification, Clustering, CNN, Regression tools
Exposure to building RestFul APis for data science modelling is a plus
Practical experience using predictive analytics, multiple approaches, to ID abnormalities and failures using time series and unstructured data sources.
Knowledge of data architectures and systems is a plus
Minimum years of Experience


Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in data / analytics.

Country Requirements


Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident (US Person) and able to work on Government Data with ITAR classification

Required/Preferred Education Requirements


BS degree required in Data Science or Computer Science or Engineering or another relevant field",3.4,"American Bureau of Shipping
3.4","Houston, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1862,Other Organization,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
36,Geospatial Data Engineer (TS/SCI-Full Scope Polygraph),-1,"Clearance: Current TS/SCI ISSA (Full-Scope Polygraph) required*
Description: Provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The data engineer will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Other Technical Skills:
Experience scripting in Python and using NiFi
Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS (or willingness and ability to learn)
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality
Core Competencies:
Conceptual, quantitative, organizational, research, writing, verbal communication, and graphical representation skills.
Sound judgment and creative problem solving and independent working skills.
Sound interpersonal and teamwork skills to work with individuals and organizations, to include varying levels and types (Government, industry, and academia).
Facilitation skills to bring diverse groups together on issues and reach consensus across stakeholders.
The ability to perform complex analyses and to communicate its results using accurate, concise, and effective writing and through descriptive and graphical representations.
Technical understanding of the systems supporting aspects of the functional areas.
Knowledge of standard tools [e.g., the Agency Data Services Network (ADSN), iCE workstations, Microsoft Office, the Agency Internet Network (AIN), and the Microsoft Office software applications], as appropriate; and a demonstrated ability to learn to use and support other tools that may be added or developed as the program evolves.
Flexibility in assisting with ad hoc tasks and in adjusting as tasks are re-prioritized.
Travel: Minimal CONUS travel may be required.

Company Information: New Light Technologies (NLT) provides comprehensive Information Technology, Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) and Remote Sensing technology consulting and staffing solutions for government, commercial, and non-profit organizations. NLT employs a cadre of experienced project managers, infrastructure experts, system architects, data scientists, web developers, geospatial experts and software engineers who work across a broad range of COTS, Open Source, and custom technologies to devise the best solutions. NLT specializes in DevOps enterprise-scale Systems Design, Integration, Development, and Management, and offers exceptional capabilities in Infrastructure Modernization, Cloud Migration & Management, Virtualization, Microservices, & Containerized Computing, and the development of High-Performance Mobile Computing solutions.

NLT has a diverse customer base and is looking to bring on team members to work on-site, virtually, and embedded with our customers to help them reach, meet, and exceed their mission goals in every engagement. NLT offers competitive salaries and benefits including PTO, Healthcare, access to a vast network of group benefits such as commuter benefits and retirement plan access. NLT is an equal opportunity employer.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $80,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Weekends
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus
COVID-19 considerations:
While most of our work is done remotely during the COVID-19 Pandemic, this job in the National Security Sector requires physical presence on site.

Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Please list any presentations, repos, or other online content that is publicly available if you have them. For proper consideration, please make sure to take our skills tests in this indeed posting.
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Required)
Contract Length:
1 year
More than 1 year
Varies
Contract Renewal:
Likely
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://NewLightTechnologies.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"New Light Technologies, Inc.
5.0","McLean, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
37,Data Scientist,"$80k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description

MMIT is growing from the leading drug coverage data business into a comprehensive, integrated market access company serving pharmaceutical manufacturers, health insurers, PBMs and healthcare IT companies. Their suite of applications is designed to manage an ever-changing proprietary set of pharmacy and medical benefit information and to provide a structured view of complex market access information. By embedding their data and SaaS applications across healthcare, they help ensure transparency, consistency and informed prescription decisions across the MMIT Network. They partner with hundreds of payers and pharma manufacturers ensuring that their products continually capture and analyze coverage and restriction criteria for more than 98% covered lives.

Team Overview

The MMIT Product Management Team is charged with developing, growing and maintaining the MMIT product portfolio that smooth access to lifechanging therapies. This entails managing products through all phases of the product lifecycle, from concept to sunset. The product management team embraces a market-backed perspective, champions unmet client needs, and is committed to a highly accountable and collaborative Product Management approach.

Job Description

MMIT is seeking experienced Data Scientists to meaningful contributes to the growth and development of the MMIT product portfolio. Ideal candidates are comfortable working with large, complex data sets to help inform, simplify and actualize key product capabilities. They will have comfort collaborating with various stakeholders and navigating ambiguity with limited direction. They will dedicate themselves to understanding the MMIT product portfolio (both current capabilities and future product roadmaps) and key data dependencies to inform data models, architecture, and new product development.

To succeed in this role, you will apply your skillset to

· Inform, create and/or maintain master data hierarchy, attributes and structure.

· Bridge claims data and coverage data – Refine existing rules and create and continually improve new methods for accurately assigning pharmacy and medical claims volumes to MMIT controller entities

· Apply data science to the creation of short and long form geographic market and controller entity descriptive narratives (NLP / NLG)

· Translate product management strategy into actionable data science deliverables, guiding development of data models, business rules and other advanced analytical capabilities

· Excel at communicating across a broad set of cross-functional stakeholders.

· Work collaboratively with MMIT product and data teams to develop and/or commercialize analytics use cases that may include market access, coverage / lives, and RWE data

· Effectively partner with external organizations including clients and vendors to develop meaning and projectable analytics about trends in market access dynamics across payers, geographies, indications, drugs, etc.

· Identify and evaluate additional data sources that could be integrated in value enhancing ways.

· Build reports, dashboards and/or other analyses as needed and/or as specific initiatives arise.

· Support various commercial or commercialization efforts as needed.

· Take a leading role in developing data science as a discipline across product management, development and data operations.

Qualifications

Relevant Skills and Experiences

· Postgraduate degree or higher involving machine learning, statistics, or computer science

· Experience of statistical / machine learning projects in academia or commercial sector end to end with proven delivery capability including capturing requirements, designing analysis plans, interfacing with clients and report / manuscript writing

· Experience in applying Natural Language Processing and related AI capabilities.

· Experience working with large and complex healthcare datasets, preferably patient-level longitudinal data and experience with studies of treatment effectiveness/outcomes, disease progression, adherence, healthcare utilization, patient journey, sales targeting, prescription/procedure volumes/shares, provider networks and prescribing/treatment patterns, etc

· Strong related programming skills including experience with good coding practices and a thorough understanding of the data science package landscape. Familiarity with Tableau and PowerBI a plus.

· Familiarity with agile software development practices

· Excellent written and spoken communication skills, including ability to present technical concepts to lay audiences, write analysis plans for projects, contribute to proposals / grant applications, pitch ideas effectively and persuasively to clients / internal stakeholders, etc.

· Demonstrated ability to work both collaboratively to solve complex problems and individually to research/advance areas of interest and exploration

· Proven ability to develop meaningful/valuable analytic insights from multiple data sources and support value through commercialization

Preferred candidates may also have

· Experience supporting or launching Data and Analytics or SaaS-based enterprise product

· Experience in managed markets and pharma market access ecosystem

· Experience in the commercial health insurance industry

· Knowledge of payer marketing, drug development lifecycle and drug launch process

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

Position will be based in Livingston NJ or Yardley PA

(highly qualified remote applicants will be considered)

Travel Requirements:

Approximately <10>",3.8,"MMIT
3.8","Yardley, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
38,Data Scientist,"$91k-$149k
(Glassdoor Est.)","OUR AGENCY

Making a Difference

SWIB is a trusted and skilled global investment organization managing the assets of the Wisconsin Retirement System (WRS) and other separately managed funds. With about $129 billion in total assets under management, SWIB has been recognized by the investment industry for its teamwork and innovation that helps make it a premier asset manager. Sophisticated investment management strategies, forward-looking technologies, and strong internal asset management make SWIB a leading investment organization.

For public employees in Wisconsin, SWIB is a unique and valuable partner. Investing for the financial security of more than 635,000 individuals and for the 1,500 Wisconsin employers who contribute on behalf of their employees SWIBs strong management of the WRS has helped fuel one of only a few fully funded public pension funds in the country. SWIBs long-term investment returns meet the challenges of a constantly evolving investment landscape while helping grow and protect the assets of the WRS, the 8th largest public pension fund in the U.S. and 25th largest public or private pension fund in the world.

We are a mission driven organization and the participants we serve are our mission. By bringing a disciplined, prudent and innovative approach to market opportunities, SWIB has been successful in generating respectable returns and maintaining the trust of the beneficiaries and stakeholders of the funds we oversee.

Join HIGHER PERFORMERS

Home to Top Talent

SWIB has long been recognized as an investment leader because of its success in maintaining the WRS and for the highly-qualified staff overseeing the retirement trust funds. SWIBs internal team invests a majority of its assets under management. This means SWIB is committed to investing in professionals that will keep the organization at the forefront of the investment industry. As an innovative organization, SWIB offers professional development opportunities that enable staff to grow and develop. Approximately 61 percent of SWIBs investment professionals are Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholders.

About the Team

Partner with, build, maintain, enhance and manage the data and technology for the Asset and Risk Allocation (ARA) division which is responsible for the overall investment structure of the Core and Variable Trust Funds. ARA recommends and implements the asset allocation for the policy portfolio, recommends and implements the active risk budget, and is responsible for overall risk monitoring and management. The Analytics, Data Science, & Development department primarily partners with the Asset & Risk Allocation team as well as work with other internal divisions. There will be opportunities to apply skills in both technology and finance.

This role offers a unique opportunity to learn and contribute to the technology and the business through technology.

Essential activities:
Creating reporting, decisioning systems or outputs, performing rapid analysis on data issues, and instrumenting the system with data quality rules to proactively catch and prevent issues, creating enriched and enhanced datasets with advanced data manipulation and modeling skills, use of primarily Oracle, SQL Server, Snowflake, Python, delivering risk, return, cost metrics and partner with various internal departments to improve the overall state of technology and operations, architecting, developing, testing, documenting and supporting software and technical solutions for the SWIB ARA team as well as other teams, assess and revisit inventory business logic, calculations and reporting, leveraging SQL, Python and communication skills in various avenues, instrument data quality rules and metrics in the system.

Technical Skills:
Oracle SQL, SQL Server
Snowflake (or some equivalent datastore tool)
Python experience
JIRA and Confluence
Alteryx (or some equivalent ETL tool such as Informatica)
PowerBI (or some equivalent BI tool such as Tableau)
Data Skills:
SQL development
ETL (Extract Transform load) exposure
Python experience
Financial Knowledge recommended but candidates in other industries highly recommended to apply:
Understanding of multi-asset products is desirable
Comprehensions of risk, return and cost metrics in industry is desirable
Exposure to the investment management lifecycle is desirable
The ideal candidate:
5-10 years experience in data analytics, data science, or related fields
Bachelor's degree or advanced degree in finance, quantitative finance, or another related field
Ability to take various questions gathered from the business leveraging existing data as well as improving upon that data to deliver complete, consistent and precise answers
Experience in working with/understanding the various lifecycles of data management, extraction, loading, transformation to its applications in analysis, research and solving problems
Extensive knowledge in composing Oracle SQL, SQL Server queries, data modeling, and having a SQL and analytics background
Experience in identifying use cases for the business, contributing to analysis and understanding of existing data models with iterative recommendations on improvement resulting in some improvement in risk, return or cost for the organization
Extensive knowledge of data extraction, transformation and loading
Experience refactoring SQL queries, use of Python
Experience working with large structured and financial data sets
Ability to follow rigor in creating/updating documentation, maintain process (i.e. JIRA tickets) and following technology and business best practices
Ability to present and communicate well and connect business and technology
Ability to tactically understand results in context (i.e. when does something look wrong), and strategically how to resolve those issues via data quality and rule-based instrumentation
Interest in newer data technologies, Snowflake programming, i.e. Python
Interest or experience in investment management, quantitative finance and technology
Background in Agile methodologies and their applications
SWIB Offers:
Competitive McLagan-base salary
Meaningful performance-based incentive compensation
A comprehensive benefit package
Educational and training opportunities
Tuition reimbursement
Challenging work in a professional environment
The position requires U.S. work authorization and residency in, or willingness to relocate to the Madison, Wisconsin area. SWIB is prepared to offer relocation assistance as needed.",3.0,"State of Wisconsin Investment Board
3.0","Madison, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1951,Government,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
39,Data Scientist Risk Analyst,"$50k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Oasis Systems has an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst to support the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) in Washington, DC.
The successful candidate shall provide support in data analytics, Python, data visualization, dashboards and use of data analytic tools. Activities which the contractor may be tasked to perform include gathering requirements from stakeholders, conducting financial data analysis and risk analysis in a Big Data environment, and creating interactive dashboard reports and documentations.

LOCATION: Washington, DC

JOB STATUS: Full-Time

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Certifications, Experience, Skills)

SECURITY CLEARANCE: Ability to pass a Special Agreement Check (SAC) and a National Agency Check and Inquires (NACI) Background Investigation

EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree

CERTIFICATIONS AND TOOLS: Certifications in Data Analytics program languages such as Python and R preferred but not required. Experience with Global Risk product a plus, but not required.

EXPERIENCE LEVEL: A minimum of 8 years of relevant experience in the data analysis field and a minimum of 5 years of industrial analytics experience using Python (recent use during the past 3 years) as well as extensive experience with SQL.
Specific experience with financial or market risk analysis is a Must.

DESCRIPTION: Functionally, the candidate will be responsible for:

Work closely with the customer to gather and document project requirements.
Perform data manipulation and advanced data analysis including financial modeling, data mining, and Machine Learning techniques.
Perform risk analysis which may include a broad range of financial risk measures, (such as Value at Risk (VaR): computation and evaluation, VaR tracking (VaR evolution over time), Incremental (and marginal) VaR calculation for individual asset classes /positions, conditional VaR, stress testing).
Test each project thoroughly before presenting it to the task order project manager for quality control. Document test results as part of the project closeout documentation.
Create documentation as required under the PMLC and the Configuration Change Board (CCB) in order to move projects to the production environment.
Coordinate with internal and external organizations providing data to understand and resolve improper data formatting and other integration issues.
Participate in facilitated meetings between stakeholders at CFTC which may include regular status meetings, user acceptance testing meetings and ad hoc development discussions.
Data analysis tasks may be varied. They will include complex data requests that require data mining, extraction, and query optimization services from Divisions throughout the CFTC.
Assist business users, economists, statisticians, and others, as required, to support effective use of analytic techniques and CFTC-approved tools to meet the customers various analytic needs.

Who We Are

Oasis Systems is a premier provider of customer-driven, cost-effective and quality Engineering Services; Enterprise Systems and Applications; Human Factors Engineering; Information Technology and Cyber Security; Professional Services; and Specialized Engineering Solutions to the Department of Defense, FAA, NRC and other federal agencies.

We strive to be an exciting and welcoming company that attracts, develops, motivates and retains the most talented, skilled and dedicated people in the industry; where they are encouraged to achieve personal excellence, purpose, and their full potential and career aspirations; while supporting mission-critical national security technologies and programs.

Oasis Systems is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of any legally protected characteristic including, but not limited to, race, color, religion, national origin, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, ancestry, age, medical condition, military veteran status or on the basis of physical handicap which, with reasonable accommodation, render the application to satisfactorily perform the job available.",3.7,"Oasis Systems LLC
3.7","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
40,"R&D Scientist, Associate","$21k-$49k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Improve Lives—that’s what drives us. It’s what makes us better, more innovative, more compelled to work harder. What we do is develop superior point-of-care rapid testing solutions for healthcare providers around the world; what we help create is healthier lives and communities.
Position Summary*: The R&D Scientist, Associate is responsible for performing experiments to develop and refine state-of-the-art assays for the detection of infectious diseases.
Duties & Responsibilities* include but are not limited to:
° Responsible for the preparation and application of all buffers, test lines, control lines, and other components used in Chembio diagnostic products

° Analyzes data

° Writes summaries and reports

° Performing daily and weekly instrument calibrations as indicated

° Responsible for maintaining neat and accurate batch records as either an operator or a witness during all procedures

° Compliance with regulatory standards. Adherence to all OSHA compliance laws and to the requirements of the USDA and FDA

° Compliance to the requirements of cGMP’s

° Maintenance of equipment and work area as directed

° Reporting deviations to established processes

Qualifications Required*:

° Bachelor’s degree in a Life Science or related field

° Attention to detail and proficient record keeping

° Computer literate, familiar with Microsoft Office
COMPANY PROFILE*
Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc. is a public company serving the increasing global demand for rapid tests needed for the effective prevention and treatment of infectious diseases and other conditions. Located minutes off the Long Island Expressway in Medford, NY, Chembio operates a research and manufacturing facility that is registered with the US FDA.

Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disability/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation

For more information about Chembio Diagnostic Systems Inc., please visit our website.

Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.6,"Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc.
2.6","Medford, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
41,Machine Learning Engineer,"$68k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Group Highlights

Perspecta Labs

Perspecta Labs generates transformative applied research to fuel solutions for our customers’ unique challenges. We are a self-sustaining research center within Perspecta that provides applied research and engineering to enable government agencies, utilities and commercial enterprises to fully exploit the future of communications, analytics and cyber security.

Responsibilities

Perspecta has an exciting opportunity for a Machine Learning Software Engineer to aid on the development of machine learning models and the software that is needed for the training and deployment of these machine learning model. In addition, the qualified candidate will engineer both structure and unstructured data that will be fed to and taken from the machine learning models. Because the qualified candidate will be working closely with the Data Scientist, the candidate must have general understanding of machine learning. This position is located onsite at Picatinny Arsenal, NJ.

Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in Physics, Mathematics, Electrical, Computer, or Software Engineering
3 -5 years experience developing machine learning models in areas such as classification from video, object detection and classification, and reinforcement learning.
Experience with machine learning algorithms such as Neural Networks, Boosting algorithms, Decision Trees, etc.
Software development experience in Python and/or C++ Experience in software design and development Experience with TensorFlow and other machine learning libraries
Broad knowledge in current machine learning techniques and ability to adapt novel techniques to research questions

Preferred Skills:

Familiarity with reinforcement learning and computer vision techniques would be a plus
Good Communication and Presentation skills are a plus. E
xperience with Linux is highly desirable.

The successful candidate must be a U.S. Citizen and possess and be able to maintain a DOD Secret Security Clearance, as a qualification and condition for employment.

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).",3.3,"Perspecta
3.3","Wharton, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
42,Data Scientist BSLEF8,"$57k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings require the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel. Further, effective “big data” solutions help CBP ensure the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure.
In response to this challenge, E3/Sentinel, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified, and versatile data scientists to help lead the development and delivery of high-quality predictive modelling solutions. Successful applicants will serve as recognized subject matter experts in the application of quantitative methods, machine learning algorithms, and predictive models to address complex national and homeland security challenges. They will help our team to leverage large structured and unstructured datasets to develop and operationalize models, tools, and applications that drive optimized decision making. Project tasks include data collection, mining, data and text analytics, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution to implement and enhance automated risk assessment. The products we develop provide actionable insight with real and immediate impact on the safety and security of the United States, its citizens, visitors, and economy.

Lead and perform hands-on analysis and modeling involving the creation of intervention hypotheses and experiments, assessment of data needs and available sources, determination of optimal analytical approaches, performance of exploratory data analysis, and feature generation (e.g., identification, derivation, aggregation).
Collaborate with mission stakeholders to define, frame, and scope mission challenges where big data interventions may offer important mitigations and develop robust project plans with key milestones, detailed deliverables, robust work tracking protocols, and risk mitigation strategies.
Demonstrate proficiency in extracting, cleaning, and transforming CBP transactional and mission data associated within an identified problem space to build predictive models as well as develop appropriate supporting documentation.
Leverage expert knowledge of a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques and methods to define and develop programming algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models that directly inform mission decisions.
Execute projects including those intended to identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets; perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction; and named entity matching.
Brief project management, technical design, and outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences including senior government stakeholders throughout the model development/ project lifecycle through written as well as in-person reporting.

Bachelor’s Degree (required), Master’s or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, or other related technical fields with equivalent practical experience
Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems.
Proficiency with statistical software packages: SAS, SPSS Modeler, R, WEKA, or equivalent.
Experience with programming languages: R, Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or equivalent.
Experience constructing and executing queries to extract data in support of EDA and model development.
Experience with unsupervised and supervised machine learning techniques and methods.
Experience working with large-scale (e.g., terabyte and petabyte) unstructured and structured data sets and databases.
Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop, HIVE, HDFS, HBase, MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, Sqoop).
Proficiency with Unsupervised Machine Learning methods including Cluster Analysis (e.g., K-means, K-nearest Neighbor, Hierarchical, Deep Belief Networks, Principal Component Analysis), Segmentation, etc.
Proficiency with Supervised Machine Learning methods including Decision Trees, Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Random/Rotation Forests, Categorization/Classification, Neural Nets, Bayesian Networks, etc.
Experience with pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification, categorization, and entity resolution (e.g., record linking, named-entity matching, deduplication/ disambiguation).
Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI).

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
43,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Machine Learning Engineer Northern, VA

Machine Learning Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Machine Learning (ML) Engineers to produce automated anomaly/object detection and characterization, forecasting, optimization, and recommendation solutions to national security challenges using modular, cloud-native, API-centric approaches. These solutions will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on incorporating machine learning insights to automate and scale analysis and improve decision support. Teams will be working in a highly collaborative environment and expected to identify opportunities to apply and improve data-driven insights and support related design and development within big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Engage with mission owners/operators to discover applications for ML, set project expectations, define requirements, and review results
Design and develop reusable workflows for data integration, transformation, and feature engineering required to train models
Train and validate models, often in big data, distributed environments
Perform exploratory data analysis to understand data and model-derived insights
Perform model introspection to understand model behaviors and explain predictions
Visualize data and model-derived insights to communicate internally and externally
Integrate models into operational systems
Lead trade studies, analyses of alternatives, and assessments of existing systems
Develops or provides input to engineering artifacts
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 5 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Ability to describe the data assumptions and processing steps of common machine learning methods, and which methods are appropriate for a variety of use cases
Expertise with ML libraries, like Scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy, PySpark, MXNet, MLib, and Weka
Experience with ML platforms, like KNIME, Spark, SageMaker, H2O, and TensorFlow
Familiarity with Java, Python, and SQL including related ecosystems and frameworks, like Eclipse and Jupyter Notebook
Familiarity with visualization tools, preferably Qlik, Tableau, Plotly, Kibana, Matplotlib, and QGis
Strong problem-solving skills
Strong written and oral communications skills
Able to work independently and self-identify tasks
Ability to review and maintain existing code and applications
Ability to research and evaluate new concepts and processes to improve performance
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with time series forecasting
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Machine Learning Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
44,Biological Data Scientist,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311168

Directorate: Earth and Biological Sciences Directorate

Division: Biological Sciences

Group: Biological Systems Science
*Job Description**
The new Computational Biology Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a senior data scientist to join our team to execute on existing projects as well as lead in the development of new research proposals. Expertise in statistics, analysis of omic data, biomarker discovery, software development, proposal development and working in multidisciplinary teams are highly relevant.

The data scientist will contribute to diverse fundamental science research programs studying human health problems such as cancer and infectious diseases as well as microbial communities and environmental microbiology. The candidate will be responsible for data analysis from various high-throughput omics platforms, such as DNA/RNA sequence data, proteomics and metabolomics. The position involves technical work with complex multi-omics data from ongoing studies, focusing on application of methods for analysis, data integration, and machine learning. The incumbent will define and carry out the application of existing methodologies, as well as perform original research in the field of computational biology as needed to extract meaning from complex biological data. In addition to technical research, this position expects participation in publishing, project leadership, and business development.

The ideal candidate should have a strong statistics and programming skills with knowledge of fundamental basic biology. The candidate should have good communication skills with a demonstrated capability to perform multi-disciplinary, collaborative research. The candidate should also have an interest in applying new approaches and knowledge to science problems associated with human health, bioenergy, and carbon cycling. The candidate should be highly proficient in at least on programming language (Python, R, e.g.) and have experience in software development practices (version control, unit testing, etc.).
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ BS/BA with 5 years of experience, MS/MA with 3 years of experience, or PhD with 1 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ MS/MA or PhD in statistics, biostatistics, bioinformatics or a closely related field.

+ Significant experience with software development tools (GitHub) and Python or R development experience

+ Demonstrated ability to collaborate within and across institutions
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Closing Statement**
+ U.S. Citizenship

_Directorate:_ _Earth & Biological Sciences_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Biological Systems Science_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-04_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-14_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
45,Manager / Scientist,-1,"Job Description: Provide support and manage all functions of flow cytometry scheduling, processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting for preclinical and/or clinical development within a Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) environment.*
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Managerial*
Serves as a liaison between staff and test site management
Scheduling and delegating of day to day laboratory activity to provide smooth workflow during the day.
Maintain staff by helping to recruit, select and train new employees
Communication with employees on job expectations, daily activities, enforcing SOPs, policies, procedures and productivity standards
Scientific*
Be able to take on own projects for flow cytometry processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting
Scientific Review, QC and verification of flow cytometry data and/or maintenance records
Help maintain reagent inventory and placing orders for needed materials
Laboratory maintenance including preparation of various solutions, cleaning and re-stocking of laboratory
Archiving of study and/or maintenance records
Troubleshooting of data and various pieces of equipment
Communication with scientific colleagues via email, face-to-face or phone
Work in a team-oriented environment as well as independently
Familiarity with current scientific literature
Prepare data for poster or oral presentations
Attend scientific meetings when appropriate
Be able to follow signed protocols and standard operating procedures
Write standard operating procedures and study reports
Adhere to regulatory requirements
Qualifications and Requirements: *
PhD in a life science field with 5-10 years of hands on flow cytometry experience required and 5+ year managerial experience required
Familiar with BD FACSDiva, BD FACS Canto Flow Cytometer Instrumentation, FlowJo and Microsoft Office required.
Experience in a Good Laboratory Practice and/or Clinical Research environment beneficial but not required
Good oral communication skills, multi-taking and detail oriented
Team player attitude required
M-F normal business, flexibility to work after hours and weekends
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Experience:
Flow Cytometry: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Are you currently performing flow cytometry testing in the laboratory? What type of instruments and software do you use?
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Flow Contract Site Laboratory, LLC","Bothell, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
46,Manager / Scientist,-1,"Job Description: Provide support and manage all functions of flow cytometry scheduling, processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting for preclinical and/or clinical development within a Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) environment.*
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Managerial*
Serves as a liaison between staff and test site management
Scheduling and delegating of day to day laboratory activity to provide smooth workflow during the day.
Maintain staff by helping to recruit, select and train new employees
Communication with employees on job expectations, daily activities, enforcing SOPs, policies, procedures and productivity standards
Scientific*
Be able to take on own projects for flow cytometry processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting
Scientific Review, QC and verification of flow cytometry data and/or maintenance records
Help maintain reagent inventory and placing orders for needed materials
Laboratory maintenance including preparation of various solutions, cleaning and re-stocking of laboratory
Archiving of study and/or maintenance records
Troubleshooting of data and various pieces of equipment
Communication with scientific colleagues via email, face-to-face or phone
Work in a team-oriented environment as well as independently
Familiarity with current scientific literature
Prepare data for poster or oral presentations
Attend scientific meetings when appropriate
Be able to follow signed protocols and standard operating procedures
Write standard operating procedures and study reports
Adhere to regulatory requirements
Qualifications and Requirements: *
PhD in a life science field with 5-10 years of hands on flow cytometry experience required and 5+ year managerial experience required
Familiar with BD FACSDiva, BD FACS Canto Flow Cytometer Instrumentation, FlowJo and Microsoft Office required.
Experience in a Good Laboratory Practice and/or Clinical Research environment beneficial but not required
Good oral communication skills, multi-taking and detail oriented
Team player attitude required
M-F normal business, flexibility to work after hours and weekends
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Experience:
Flow Cytometry: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Are you currently performing flow cytometry testing in the laboratory? What type of instruments and software do you use?
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Flow Contract Site Laboratory, LLC","Bothell, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
47,Manager / Scientist,-1,"Job Description: Provide support and manage all functions of flow cytometry scheduling, processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting for preclinical and/or clinical development within a Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) environment.*
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Managerial*
Serves as a liaison between staff and test site management
Scheduling and delegating of day to day laboratory activity to provide smooth workflow during the day.
Maintain staff by helping to recruit, select and train new employees
Communication with employees on job expectations, daily activities, enforcing SOPs, policies, procedures and productivity standards
Scientific*
Be able to take on own projects for flow cytometry processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting
Scientific Review, QC and verification of flow cytometry data and/or maintenance records
Help maintain reagent inventory and placing orders for needed materials
Laboratory maintenance including preparation of various solutions, cleaning and re-stocking of laboratory
Archiving of study and/or maintenance records
Troubleshooting of data and various pieces of equipment
Communication with scientific colleagues via email, face-to-face or phone
Work in a team-oriented environment as well as independently
Familiarity with current scientific literature
Prepare data for poster or oral presentations
Attend scientific meetings when appropriate
Be able to follow signed protocols and standard operating procedures
Write standard operating procedures and study reports
Adhere to regulatory requirements
Qualifications and Requirements: *
PhD in a life science field with 5-10 years of hands on flow cytometry experience required and 5+ year managerial experience required
Familiar with BD FACSDiva, BD FACS Canto Flow Cytometer Instrumentation, FlowJo and Microsoft Office required.
Experience in a Good Laboratory Practice and/or Clinical Research environment beneficial but not required
Good oral communication skills, multi-taking and detail oriented
Team player attitude required
M-F normal business, flexibility to work after hours and weekends
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Experience:
Flow Cytometry: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Are you currently performing flow cytometry testing in the laboratory? What type of instruments and software do you use?
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Flow Contract Site Laboratory, LLC","Bothell, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
48,Data Scientist,"Employer Provided Salary:
$80k-$120k","About ClearCut Analytics
ClearCut was founded in Chicago with the mission of revolutionizing strategic decision-making by the world's leading brands through data-powered business intelligence. With a focus on the Amazon marketplace, ClearCut provides a vast array of sales analytics to equip brands with the information they need to maximize their value.


Data Scientist Job Description
ClearCut Analytics is looking for an innovative, solutions-oriented Data Scientist to join our fast-paced company and growing Analytics & Product Development team. The Data Scientist will play a key role in our company’s growth through building a highly scalable infrastructure that allows our team to develop data-driven solutions to solve complex business challenges. The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, loves collaborating to solve a wide variety of challenges and interesting use cases. This role will report to ClearCut’s Chief Technology Officer.
Responsibilities
Helping to build and drive the Data Science and Analytics roadmap
Leveraging data to drive business solutions for clients that are presented through ClearCut’s SaaS platform
Performing data collection, as well as developing custom models and algorithms to apply to data sets
Using predictive modeling to increase and optimize business operations, customer experience, revenue generation, and other business outcomes
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for modeling and analysis, while enhancing processes and tools used to monitor model performance and input data
Developing machine learning models and productizing AI-based solutions alongside product and development team
Ideating new data-related concepts and applications then overseeing projects through deployment
Taking end-to-end ownership of problem domains and continuously improving upon quantitative solutions
Requirements
MS or Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, CS/Engineering, or similar field
4+ years of professional experience in an analytics and data science environment utilizing quantitative analytics methodologies, experience in a SaaS or eCommerce environment a plus
Experience writing programs/queries with data analysis tools and languages such as Python, R, SAS, AMPL, SQL, or Alteryx
Hands-on experience with multivariate analytic techniques: linear and logistic regression, decision tree, cluster and factor analysis, time-series forecasting methods, SVM models, and/or neural networks
Understanding of broad business principles and the ability to create solutions for real-world challenges
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment
Eagerness to learn and grow",4.8,"ClearCut Analytics
4.8","Chicago, IL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
49,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence - Intermediate,"$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311093

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing and Analytics

Group: Data Sciences and Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.

+ Publication record in scientific conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelor's degree with 2 years of experience, a Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or a PhD with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Computation and Information Sciences_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
50,Senior Outreach Data Scientist,"$104k-$169k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description:

Are you looking for a new and exciting career opportunity?

Join our award-winning organization and work with some of the most talented minds within our Enterprise Technology and Innovation teams. As a Salient CRGT employee, you get to be part of a best performing team supporting our nation’s most critical missions.

Why Salient CRGT?

We’re passionate about the inspirational missions of our customers and we entrust our employees and teams to deliver exceptional performance to enable the safety, security, health and well-being of our nation. We provide the tools and resources to help you be successful, and our culture fosters an environment in which idea sharing and collaboration is essential. Are you ready to make a difference?

We are seeking a senior level Outreach Data Scientist.

This role fullfills the following responsibilites:

implements a continuous review process to evaluate the effectiveness of processes and standards for identifying process improvements to drive improved efficiency and quality
evaluates quality issues, inefficient processes, product quality, customer feedback, and analyst recommendations to identify process and product improvements
identifies opportunities to eliminate duplication of effort, improve analyst effectiveness and efficiency, eliminate backlog, reduce accuracy issues, and improve general operations
conducts briefings on improvement recommendations, gaining approval for implementation, and coordinating implementation improvements
implementation of tools, scripts, algorithms, and techniques assesses the effectiveness of the improvements
assesses and reports on metrics

#cjpost

Required Qualifications:

The following are minimum requirements for the role:

10+ years of experience
MA/MS degree
Experience continuous process improvement (CPI) researcher and facilitator
Experience working in NCTC screening and vetting using NCTC IC databases
Analytical and critical thinking skills
Knowledge of SOPs and Government watchlisting and screening and vetting guidelines
Advanced communication skills including documentation and briefings
Knowledge of ODNI, NCTC, and IC mission, roles, and responsibilities
TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance

#cjpost #super6

#muncyreqs

#crgt456 #jpreqs

Desired Qualifications:
Recognized expert in specific field

Salient CRGT is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other factor prohibited by applicable anti-discrimination laws.",3.3,"Salient CRGT, Inc
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
51,Machine Learning Engineer,"$70k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Job Description:

Leidos is a Fortune 500™ company aimed at embracing and solving some of the world’s most pressing challenges. Through science and technology, Leidos makes the world safer, healthier and more efficient.

Our Civil Group offers an array of exciting career opportunities for the best IT, energy, logistics and engineering professionals. Driven by our talented workforce, the Security Detection & Automation Operation is the cornerstone of Leidos’ comprehensive suite of fully integrated security detection and automation solutions for aviation, ports and borders, and critical infrastructure customers around the world, with more than 24,000 products deployed across 120 countries. Leidos is positioned to address emerging and evolving threats through rapid development of innovative solutions for our global customers. Leidos’ SDA Operation, in conjunction with the TSA, also performs on-call, onsite installation servicing of X- Ray Detection Equipment using leading edge technology to ensure the safety of our clients, customer and passengers. The Security Detection and Automation Operation is comprised of four divisions to align with our customers’ missions and needs:

· Checkpoint

· Hold Baggage

· Ports & Borders

· General Automation

We are seeking a motivated and talented machine learning engineer to join an algorithm development team and participate with hands-on contributions to advanced detection and computer vision algorithms, and supporting software infrastructure.

A successful candidate will apply strong software development skills with knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, and computer vision to contribute to the development of advanced algorithms for next-generation threat detection security systems. The candidate will collaborate with team members to propose and implement improvements to algorithms and supporting software, tools, and compute infrastructure.

Responsibilities will include

Contributing to a team that is developing object detection and image processing system architectures that will be implemented in real-time decisioning processes in security screening systems fielded across the world
Hands on development of advanced machine learning, object detection, image processing, and computer vision algorithms
Development of machine learning software infrastructure to support algorithm development, visualization, and evaluation.

Education:

BS in Computer Science or a related field
Masters degree preferred

Required Qualifications

Minimum 6 years software development experience
Minimum 3 years experience developing machine learning algorithms and supporting software infrastructure
Proficient with Linux
Proficient with Python and Scientific Python Libraries
Proficient with PyTorch or similar deep learning framework
Familiarity with deep neural network architectures and concepts

Desirable Experience

Experienced with algorithm performance evaluation and optimization
Proficient with C++
Experienced with NVIDIA CUDA development
Experienced creating data visualizations using QT and OpenGL frameworks

Leidos is growing! Connect with us on LinkedIn and Facebook. We value and support the well-being and mobility of our employees with competitive benefit packages, complementary e-learning training, work-life flexibility, an exciting External Referral Program, and a diverse, inclusive and ethical work place. In fact, in 2020, Leidos was ranked as one of the “World's Most Ethical Companies” by the Ethisphere Institute for the third consecutive year.

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
None

Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Engineering

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company’s 38,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Va., Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $11.09 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2020. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Saint Petersburg, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
52,Data Analyst - Online Education,"$32k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","THIS IS NOT A REMOTE POSITION


THIS POSITION WILL BE BASED OUT OF THE

TUCSON CORPORATE OFFICE

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Utilize advanced statistical abilities and tools to interpret data sets, paying particular attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive efforts.
Prepare reports and visualizations that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions.
Assist with preparing, collecting, and analyzing quantitative (surveys, etc.) and qualitative (focus groups, etc.) data from students, faculty and staff.
Partner with stakeholders to gain a thorough understanding of needs.
Mine data from primary and secondary sources and reorganizes into a format that can be easily read by human or machine.
Work closely with IT in establishing data systems protocols for data needs.
Coach team members on how to use tools to their greatest benefit.
The list of essential functions is not exhaustive and may be supplemented.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree or higher, preferably in a computational field such as computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering.
Three (3) years of experience working with large data sets or relational databases.
Three (3) years of experience with forecasting, trend analysis, and predictive modeling.
Demonstrated experience using SQL, Excel, R or Python, and visualization platforms such as Tableau or Power BI.
Experience working in higher education preferred.
Take initiative and ownership of projects.
Problem solving and analytical skills.
Business acumen.
Time management skills and able to prioritize and deliver projects and deliverables on time.
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.
Collaborative and team focused.",4.6,"Pima Medical Institute
4.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1972,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
53,Certified Lab Scientist or Certified Lab Tech,-1,"Prairie Ridge Health is looking for a team member to join or Lab Department in the role of Certified Lab Scientist or Certified Lab Tech. This position is PRN (as needed) and will be responsible for performing general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability...….

POSITION SUMMARY
Lab Scientist

The Medical Technologist performs general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability. The data obtained is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disease involving patient of all ages. The Medical Technologist develops and maintains test procedures and protocols, and troubleshoots both technology and sample related problems. (S)he exercises independent judgment and responsibility with minimal supervision. May supervise others in the absence of the Laboratory Supervisor. Makes decisions about the accuracy of test results, instrument operation, specimen suitability, and uses sound clinical judgment in setting the priority of tests/patients

OR

Lab Tech

The Clinical Laboratory Technician I performs general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability. The data obtained is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disease involving patient of all ages. The Clinical Laboratory Technician II develops and maintains test procedures and protocols, and troubleshoots both technology and sample related problems. (S)he exercises independent judgment and responsibility with minimal supervision. Makes decisions about the accuracy of test results, instrument operation, specimen suitability, and uses sound clinical judgment in setting the priority of tests/patients.

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS/LICENSURE/CERTIFICATION/REGISTRATION

Lab Scientist

Bachelors’ degree in Medical Technology and graduate of an accredited Medical Technology Program.
Registered or eligible as a Medical Technologist (MT) or Clinical Laboratory Scientist (CLS) with a national accrediting agency (ASCP) or qualified as a MT/CLS having passed the Federal Equivalence Exam (HEW)
Meets the CLIA 88 requirements for individuals performing highly complex testing
CPR certification

OR

Lab Tech

Associate degree and completion of a 2 year CLT / Medical Laboratory Technician (MLT) training program.
Registered or eligible as a Clinical Laboratory Technician or Medical Laboratory Technician (MLT) with a national accrediting agency (ASCP).
Meets the CLIA 88 requirements for individuals performing highly complex testing.
A minimum of 1 year experience in a clinical laboratory performing highly complex testing is desired or a recent new graduate of an accredited school.
CPR certification

FTE: PRN (as needed)

Shift: As Needed

Powered by JazzHR

Ly3sHi576B",-1,Prairie Ridge Health,"Columbus, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Hospital,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
54,Member Data Analyst,"$43k-$77k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Blue Federal Credit Union employees work hard, have fun, and win for our members and each other! Our Member Data Analyst performs quantitative and qualitative research using statistics to analyze programs, products and services offered, market potential, competitive intelligence and industry standards to recommend and guide market efforts. Recommends marketing activity based on research and technical analysis. Independently drives data analysis and develops insights for use by management.
Directs central market research function, anticipates and evaluates useful market information, establishes standards for research methodology, and identifies opportunities to expand the scope of business.
Identifies, analyzes and interprets trends and patterns in complex data sets to develop recommendations to be used in promoting the organization and improving positioning, image and support within the target market.
Maintain appropriate databases and data systems for the department. Implements data collection systems and updates. Acquires and abstracts primary and secondary data from existing internal or external data sources.
Develops graphs, reports and presentations. Performs statistical analysis upon request. Creates and presents quality dashboards. 3-4 bullets on education and experience
Assists in development and production of direct marketing initiatives through analysis of target market universe, list development, design and production.
Must comply with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Patriot Act, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control.
Experience: Three years to five years of similar or related experience, including preparatory experience.

Education/Certifications/Licenses: A college degree.

Interpersonal Skills: A significant level of trust, credibility and diplomacy is required. In-depth dialogues, conversations and explanations with customers, direct and indirect reports and outside vendors can be of a sensitive and/or highly confidential nature. Communications may involve motivating, influencing, educating and/or advising others on matters of significance.

Other Skills: Strong analytical spreadsheet and communication skills, demonstrated ability to handle multiple project simultaneously, new product development, packaging design, competitive analysis, consumer promotion, advertising media and copy, scan data analysis. Familiarity with MCIF systems, CD-ROM directories and market data on disc, survey research and statistical analysis software, mapping software, market research directories and online data services.",4.1,"Blue Federal Credit Union
4.1","Cheyenne, WY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Other Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
55,Mid-Level Data Scientist,-1,Job Description BTS is seeking a Mid Level Data Scientist to support NORTHCOM J2 in Colorado Springs CO Conducts data analytics data engineering data mining exploratory analysis predictive analysis and statistical analysis and uses scientific techniques to correlate data into graphical written visual and verbal narrative products enabling more informed analytic decisions Proactively retrieves information from various sources analyzes it for better understanding about the data set and builds AI tools that automate certain processes Duties typically include creating various ML based tools or processes such as recommendation engines or automated lead scoring systems Performs statistical analysis applies data mining techniques and builds high quality prediction systems Should be skilled in data visualization and use of graphical applications including Microsoft Office Power BI and Tableau; major data science languages such as R and Python; managing and merging of disparate data sources preferably through R Python or SQL; statistical analysis; and data mining algorithms Should have prior experience with large data Multi INT analytics ML and automated predictive analytics Requisite Skill Requirements Bachelor degree with 4 6 years of relevant subject matter experience or specialized training & 4 8 years subject matter experience or equivalent intelligenceacademic experience Senior level contractor personnel work independently with moderate Government oversight provide comprehensive and completed products that may require multiple Senior Intelligence AnalystOfficer SIASIO minor revisions andor editing and develop and manage plan of actions and milestones Additional duties as directed Demonstrates comprehensive mission knowledge and skills that affirms completion of all developmental training and experiences for the labor categoryDemonstrates ability to communicate understanding from information that may be incomplete indirect highly complex seemingly unrelated and or technically advanced Demonstrates ability to structure analysis based on trends in reporting and a range of analytic perspectives from other analysts organizations and intelligence disciplinesDemonstrates ability to work independently with minimal oversight and directionDemonstrates ability to collaborate and work with other IC members on information sharing driving collection and addressing analytic disputes and conflict resolutionDemonstrates ability to develop concise insightful and comprehensive products for defense intelligenceDemonstrates ability to lead teams in researching multifaceted or critical problems Provides guidance in selecting designing and applying analytic methodologies Uses argument evaluation and validated analytic methodologies to challenge differing perspectivesDesired Experience At least 8 years of experience conducting analysis relevant to the specific labor category with at least a portion of the experience within the last 2 yearsDesired Education Bachelors degree in an area related to the labor category from a college or university accredited by an agency recognized by the US Department of EducationCompany Overview BTS Software Solutions is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business who are community focused innovators who transform ideas into technology to serve people We recognize that innovation is only valuable when applied towards a needed solution Technology has no value without the hard work to turn ideas into reality Our roots are in helping save Soldiers lives through technology We bring that ethos to serving our community We create solutions that touch peoples lives products to communicate to connect companies with customers to stay informed to save lives and to enhance lives We have a small company persona with a large company ethos and capabilities; we create elegant solutions for complex problems that will enrich peoples lives We offer one of the best benefits packages in the industry Competitive health benefits package PTO 401K matching and vested from day one to name just a few of our benefits and perks BTS Software Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age race creed color religion sex national origin ancestry disability status veteran status sexual orientation gender identity or expression genetic information marital status citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal state or local law,4.9,"BTS Software Solutions
4.9",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
56,Sr. Data Engineer,"$78k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer*
Excella is a leading provider of Agile software development and data and analytics solutions to clients in the federal, commercial and non-profit sectors. We believe that great work leads to great things –- our experts measure success by the positive impact we make on our clients, community, and colleagues. We are growing fast and need passionate, innovative people who love working with technology and are ready to make an impact.

Here's what you can expect from us:
You'll work with great people who love what they do: our team includes published authors, certified trainers, and internationally renowned speakers.
We have a ""bring your own device"" workplace and will share the cost of a new computer of your choice -- Mac or PC. It's up to you.
We'll invest in your career by providing 3 days of paid professional development every year, including travel and registration fees to attend classes and conferences, in addition to tuition assistance for degrees and certifications.
Starting day one, every employee is bonus eligible and receives 15 days of paid vacation, 6 federal holidays, and 4 floating holidays.
You can bike, drive, or metro to work -- our commute reimbursement plan has you covered.
You'll have fun! We hold monthly social events all year long, including a summer event for you and your family.
_Excella is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law._
Overview*
The Data Engineer participates in the design and build of modern data products that comprise of raw data stores (data lakes) and cleansed data repositories, populated by batch or streaming data pipelines. The Data Engineer works with a team to create a robust, sustainable and flexible design and leads the technical delivery using Agile delivery frameworks like Scrum or Kanban.
Responsibilities *
Developing and managing data processes to ensure that data is available and usable
Creation and automation of data pipelines and platforms
Managing and monitoring data quality via automated testing frameworks (Data Driven Testing, TDD, etc.)
Working closely with Architects, Data Scientists, and DevOps to design, build, test, deliver, and maintain sustainable and highly scalable data solutions
Researching data acquisition and evaluating suitability
Integration of data management solutions into client environment
Actively managing risks to data and ensuring there is a data recovery plan
Building data repositories such as: data warehouses, data lakes, and operational data stores, etc.
Qualifications*
3+ years relevant professional work experience.
Experience and expertise in the following:
Creating robust and extensible data pipelines for production systems
Use of cloud platforms, preferably AWS
Creating secure, performant, and well-modeled data stores
Common analytical platform architectural patterns (Star Schema, data integration patterns, ABAC, data quality frameworks etc.)
Data lake design patterns and technology options (schema on read, metadata capture, search framework)
Use of scripting languages, preferably Python
Familiarity with NoSQL databases
Source code version control management using git
Project experience using the Scrum or Kanban framework.
Professionalism; to include written and oral communication – the ability to communicate collaboratively in front of a whiteboard. An ability to understand your audience and adjust your communication style to fit
Aptitude and desire for learning new technologies.
Technically savvy, entrepreneurial spirit who thrives in environments that reward self-initiative and resourcefulness.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $112,000.00 - $159,486.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
Until further notice, all positions with Excella will be working with our team and clients remotely. Most positions will be expected to work onsite in the DC Metro area when we have determined that it will be safe for our employees and clients to do so.

Experience:
Python: 3 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.excella.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.2,"Excella
4.2","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
57,"Data Scientist, Customer Experience","$79k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our application is not compatible with Internet Explorer (IE). We recommend using Chrome.


CFA Institute is the world’s largest association of investment management professionals. As a global, independent organization, with a community of more than 175,000 members and 150+ member societies, we lead the investment profession by promoting the highest standards of ethics, education, and professional excellence for the ultimate benefit of society.

At CFA Institute, we care about our employees’ mental, physical, social, and financial well-being. That’s why we are committed to providing a comprehensive, competitive benefits package that offers flexibility to make choices that meet their needs:
Health & Well-being benefits that are amongst the best in the industry with full comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision for employees and their family members
Comprehensive Leave and Time Off plans
A focus on Financial Well-being means that we stack our retirement benefits against the most competitive standards.
Flexible work arrangements
Wellness, Education, and Employee Assistance Benefits
Job Description Summary:

The Senior Data Scientist, Customer Experience will analyze customer data to deliver actionable insights to the organization that will improve our customers’ experience with CFA Institute. This role will play a critical role in establishing the measurement frameworks, reports, and data requirements for an effective voice of customer program that enables the organization to make customer-centric decisions.

Job Description:

As a Senior Data Scientist, Customer Experience you will have the opportunity to:
Extract insights via analysis, disseminate actionable client insights within our team and across the business for awareness/education and to drive action
Develop customer analytics reports and regularly distribute reports to applicable parties
Run correlation and regression analyses against other data sets to derive deeper understanding of customer feedback and business implications
Report on themes, trends, and insights across disparate data sources to provide a comprehensive view of customers’ perceptions of the CFA Institute experience (e.g., survey, social media, call centers, etc.).
Serve as the division’s data security policy lead, providing input to and ensuring adherence with enterprise data governance policy decisions including data security, data privacy, and the implementation of access control measures.
The skills and experience required for this role are:
Experience launching qualitative and quantitative data gathering and analysis initiatives
Proven ability with data visualization and reporting technologies, especially Tableau
Experience working with BI tools (e.g. Tableau) for additional analysis skills (data modeling, R or python, etc.)
Hands on experience working on strategy or customer data, with proficiency in data mining and predictive modeling inclusive of linear and non-Linear regression, logistic regression, and time series analysis models.
Facility in working with deep learning algorithms and large datasets as well as experience working with unstructured data and experience cleaning and manipulating data.
This opportunity is open to internal and external candidates. CFA Institute is committed to the professional development of its employees; first consideration will be given to internal candidates

You can connect with the Recruiter on LinkedIn.

If you feel this opportunity could be the next step in your career, we encourage you to click “Apply” and complete our three-minute application.

To stay up to date on current news and events, follow CFA Institute’s LinkedIn page.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. CFA Institute prohibits both discrimination and harassment with regard to all identifying characteristics: any individual employee, group of employees, or prospective employee on the basis of race, color, national origin, citizenship or immigration status, religion, creed or belief, age, marital or partnership status, marital or family status, care giver status, pregnancy and maternity, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, physical abilities/qualities, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, predisposing genetic characteristic, military or veteran status, status as a victim or witness of domestic violence or sex offense or stalking, unemployment status, infectious disease carrier status, migrant worker status, educational background, socio-economic status, geographic location and culture or any other basis protected by applicable law. This policy impacts all aspects of employment, including but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, compensation, training, development, promotion, demotion, layoff, recall, furlough, transfer, leave of absence, and dismissal. This is a global policy that applies to all CFA Institute employees, regardless of location.

Our application is not compatible with Internet Explorer (IE). We recommend using Chrome.",3.8,"CFA Institute
3.8","Charlottesville, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
58,Data Engineer,"$59k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary of Responsibilities

Codes and develops software applications. Works as part of a development team on the design and implementation of analytical applications, including current Business Intelligence technologies, modern programming languages (Python, Scala, R) and current SQL database skills. Conducts requirement analysis, produces design documents on proposed solutions, and delivers consistent, test-covered, high quality code in a timely fashion. Recommends and completes product revisions or enhancements based on feedback. Develops and maintains documentation as required.

Performs work under minimal supervision. Handles moderate to complex issues and problems, and engages higher-level staff on only the most complex issues as necessary. Possesses comprehensive knowledge of subject matter. Provides coaching, and/or mentoring to a subordinate group.

Preferred Experience and Skills

Four to Eight year of related experience
Technical expertise and detail orientated
Complex problem-solving and critical thinking skills
Analytical thinking skills
Ability to build collaborative skills
Agile/SCRUM methodology experience
Azure DevOps experience
Property and Casualty insurance experience
4+ years of Hands-on experience with SQL databases, SSIS/Informatica ETL, Power BI, Cloud based integration tools.
Knowledge of Data warehousing concepts, and data modeling using Kimball methodology.

Preferred Education and Training

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field

INDSP",3.5,"West Bend Mutual Insurance Company
3.5","West Bend, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1894,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
59,AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer at ConsumerMedical,-1,"AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer

ConsumerMedical

Norwell, MA or Bloomington, MN

COMPANY PROFILE

ConsumerMedical (www.consumermedical.com) is a leading healthcare decision support and clinical concierge company serving over 4 million individuals through some of the nation's largest employers, health plans and private exchanges. As a Medical Ally, ConsumerMedical (CM) guides participants throughout their healthcare journey with compassionate, high-touch support and deep clinical expertise.

ConsumerMedical offers a fully integrated suite of solutions including Medical Decision Support, Expert Medical Opinions, Claims Advocacy and more, helping individuals and families navigate the healthcare system while reducing unnecessary elective surgeries and driving patients to the highest quality providers. The result is better care for patients, more empowered healthcare decisions for employees and their families, and a better bottom line for business. The company is headquartered outside Boston in Norwell, MA.

We offer an opportunity to contribute immediately, have a voice that’s recognized, and make decisions that have impact while building a career with a fast-growing organization. ConsumerMedical offers a healthy work-life balance and is an inclusive employer seeking to foster a diverse and collaborative culture. We are currently seeking a full time AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer to join our growing team.

GENERAL SUMMARY

Our data analytics / engineering teams are looking for an AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer who wants to bring our platform(s) to the next level, expanding into new market opportunities. In undertaking this challenge, you will be working with data scientists, software engineers, and data providers to maintain data and transforms on that data. In this role, you will lead and be responsible for creating and maintaining data pipelines for healthcare application(s) developed and managed in Azure Cloud Services. The pipelines include big data primarily from commercial healthcare claims, provider data, CMS and other proprietary quality and clinical data sources. All data and pipelines are used for machine learning and artificial intelligence to advance to and enhance applications which help ConsumerMedical maintain its leadership position in the 5 drivers of quality. This is a key role to a team who are at the forefront of the latest technologies and immersed in development on cloud services with new and emerging healthcare data sources.

Our team of industry experts work in a fast-paced, rapid-learning environment in software development, working with massive data sets, and healthcare data analytics. In our environment, everyone is encouraged to make a difference without experiencing the fixed ways of doing business in larger, bureaucratic organizations.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

Data engineering leadership and architecture responsible to collect, aggregate, store, and reconcile data to Azure in support of healthcare business decisions.
Design and build data pipelines, data streams, and data services on Azure which drive data driven, qualitative, quality insights and application enhancement / search results.
Build / architect processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Architect / deliver modern data solutions leveraging components like Azure functions, Azure Data Factory, Data Flows, Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL, Azure Data Bricks, Streaming Analytics and related
Enable data pipelines between structured and unstructured data sources and company’s Enterprise Data Warehouse on Azure through a continuous process of data scrapping, structure transformation cleansing and formatting in SQL / Python
Working with Data Scientists, Engineering and Physicians to build an enhanced data ecosystem and build new integrated solutions to provide a holistic set of industry-leading data and analytic capabilities including Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and real-time insights
Support business users on functional and data requirements to enhance data models and pipelines
Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms
Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe action
Critical part of the data supply chain, ensuring that our clients can access and manipulate data for routine and ad hoc analysis to drive business outcomes using Advanced Analytics at terabyte size data scale.
Analyze the business, functional, and technical issues in order to successfully implement innovative BI solutions on Azure.
Integral team member to the design, development, and delivery of all modern BI solutions on Azure for our internal / external clients
Technologies include:
SQL
Python
JavaScript
Elasticsearch, Kibana, Logstash
Azure Data Technologies, specifically Databricks, Data Factory, Blob storage
Snowflake Data Warehouse
Prepare, clean, aggregate and interpret big data (billions+ rows) in support of advanced analytic projects across the organization
Ideal candidate will have a knack for big picture/critical thinking, as well as enjoy being very hands-on in a fast paced, innovative environment.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Data Science, or related field
3+ years of experience architecting and building Azure Big Data architecture, Enterprise Analytics Solutions, and optimizing 'big data' data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience with Design and Architecture of Azure big data frameworks/tools: Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Bricks, Azure ML, SQL Data Warehouse, HDInsight
Strong background in Big Data and Cloud technologies:
Preferred: Azure (Azure Functions, Azure SQL Database, Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, Azure Blob), Snowflake Data Warehouse);
Similar: Hadoop, PySpark, Hive, Big Query, AWS (EC2, RDS, CloudFormation, S3), Google Cloud Platform.
Strong background in distributed data processing and software engineering, can build high-quality, scalable data products.
Deep technical knowledge of data architectures, databases, data modeling and data infrastructure in the cloud (i.e.- Azure, AWS, Google Cloud)
Experience designing and developing data cleansing routines utilizing typical data quality functions involving standardization, transformation, rationalization, linking and matching
Deep hands-on experience with SQL including ability to write, analyze, and debug SQL and Python
Highly skilled in areas of structured data (e.g. join types, inner, outer), understanding of when tables should/shouldn’t have duplicates (many to many; 1 to many joins)
Experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Vision and/or Conversational/NLP applications
Ideal candidate has healthcare, pharmaceutical or biomedical data experience with a focus on improved patient care, quality of care, patient engagement, provider experience, and system efficiency
Experience with code deployment in Azure Databricks environment preferred.
Knowledge of data, master data and metadata related standards, processes and technology
Strong hands on experience with data core modernization and data ingestion
Preferred experience with Snowflake Data Warehouse systems
Experience in designing and implementing scalable, distributed systems leveraging cloud computing technologies like Microsoft Azure, AWS EC2, and AWS Elastic Map
Familiarity with DevOps tools like Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Maven etc.
Experience working with Azure data integration techniques & self-service data preparation.
Assist business users on functional and data requirements to enhance data models and pipelines

Please submit resume and cover letter for consideration.

Disclaimers:

Applicants, as well as position incumbents, who become disabled as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act must be able to perform the essential job functions (as listed) either unaided or with the assistance of a reasonable accommodation to be determined by management on a case by case basis.

ConsumerMedical is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity. Applicants for employment and employees are reviewed on their individual qualifications for a position. Under no circumstances will ConsumerMedical discriminate against qualified persons on the basis of race, color, religious creed, retaliation, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity/expression, disability, mental illness, genetics, choice of health insurance, marital status, age, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited under applicable law.",3.7,"Insight Performance
3.7","Minneapolis, MN",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
60,"Data Analyst, Facilities Engineering Systems","$37k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Improving the health of our community in all we do

Northeast Georgia Health System (NGHS) is a non-profit community health system on a mission of improving the health of our community in all we do. Our team cares for more than 1 million people across the region through four hospitals and a variety of outpatient locations. Northeast Georgia Medical Center (NGMC) has campuses in Gainesville, Braselton, Winder and Dahlonega – with a total of more than 700 beds and more than 1,100 medical staff members representing more than 50 specialties. NGHS also encompasses Northeast Georgia Physicians Group, a multi-specialty group with more than 65 locations, and The Heart Center of Northeast Georgia Medical Center, a cardiology practice with more than 15 locations.

NGHS

The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst position is responsible for providing support for internal Facilities Engineering technology applications. Supports, with assistance from IT, includes installation, configuration, & maintenance, as well as providing training, reporting and production support for applications used by Facilities Engineering. The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst may serve as a resource for other team members, as well as the clinical and support units, contractors and vendors with support related to applications used by Facilities Engineering.

Associates Degree or Technical School Certification required; in lieu of education, comparable additional experience and/or education required.

3 years of work experience utilizing facilities engineering computer systems, technology services or computer systems operations. Knowledge of Healthcare, Federal regulations, Compliance standards, National Fire Protection Associate (NFPA) codes and other regulatory standards applicable to healthcare facilities engineering.

Since first opening its doors in Gainesville in 1951, Northeast Georgia Medical Center has added hospital campuses in Braselton, Barrow and Dahlonega – and become Georgia’s most awarded hospital. Some recognitions include being named to these lists:

America’s 50 Best Hospitals – Healthgrades

100 Top Hospitals – Truven Health Analytics

100 Hospitals with Great Heart Programs – Beckers Hospital Review

America’s Top Quality Providers – Carechex

Atlanta’s Top 150 Workplaces – Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Healthcare’s Most Wired Hospitals and Health Systems – Hospitals & Health Networks magazine

NGMC has also been recognized in recent years as Georgia’s #1 Hospital for overall hospital care, overall surgical care, heart care, orthopedic surgery, women’s care and more.",3.5,"Northeast Georgia Health System
3.5","Gainesville, GA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1951,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
61,Senior Research Scientist – Security and Privacy,"$77k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","If you want to be not just on the cutting edge of technology but creating the cutting edge of technology, Riverside Research is the place for you. We are searching for an individual to join our Trusted and Resilient Systems research group to help shape a more secure future. This position provides maximum flexibility in pushing forward new ideas, new technology, and ground-breaking research. The team has ongoing research in security of machine learning, cryptography, hardware and hypervisor security solutions, as well as developing cutting edge solutions to the security of open architecture systems. The ideal person for this position is interested in broad areas of technology and can leverage their interests to develop and study creative solutions to some of the most difficult challenges. The current team resides in Riverside Research’s Beavercreek, OH, but we are willing to consider candidates that would prefer to work out of one of our Washington DC (Centerville or Crystal City) offices, our New York City office, or our Boston office.

Job Responsibilities:
•Conduct independent research in the area of security and privacy
•Publish and present research in conferences and journals
•Mentor junior researchers and interns
•Work with the team to identify future areas of research investment and develop research plans
•Author technical proposals

Qualifications:
•Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
•PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or similar or Master's degree Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering with five plus years experience in research.
•Proficiency with software development and revision control (Git)
•Ability to work independently and with a team
•Superior written and verbal communications skills

Desired Qualifications:

•Demonstrated publication record
•Experience with DARPA, IARPA, and government funded research

IND1
CA
Riverside Research strives to be one of America’s premier providers of independent, trusted technical and scientific expertise. As we continue to add experienced, technically astute staff, we are looking for highly motivated, talented team members that can help our DoD and Intelligence Community (IC) customers continue delivery of world class programs. As a not-for-profit, technology-oriented Defense Company, we believe service to customers and support of our staff is our mission. Our goal is to serve as a destination company by providing an industry-leading, positive, and rewarding employee experience for all who join us. We aspire to be a valued partner to our customers and to earn their trust through our unwavering commitment to achieve timely, innovative, cost-effective and mission-focused solutions.

All positions at Riverside Research are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.",3.4,"Riverside Research
3.4","Beavercreek, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1967,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
62,Data Scientist,-1,"About us

Boxy Charm was founded in 2013 and continues to be a leader in the beauty subscription box industry experiencing immense growth of more than 100% year over year. We work with some of the hottest brands including Butter London, Dr. Brandt, Elemis, GlamGlow, Smashbox, Tarte, Too Faced and many more.

Today, Boxy Charm has a community of more than 2.4 million followers across its social media platforms, 10 million monthly visitors online and is the #1 searched beauty box brand on YouTube. In 2018, Inc magazine named it as one of the fastest growing companies in the nation. Boxy Charm is headquartered in South Florida and has an office in Toronto, Canada.

About you

Boxy Charm is seeking a Data Scientist who will use a range of data science and machine learning methodologies to build solutions for a variety of business initiatives. Additionally, the ideal candidate will be able to solve complex problems and apply those solutions within a cutting-edge cloud-based technology platform.

The role will be filled with a solution-oriented candidate that thrives on working in a highly dynamic and engaging environment.

What you will be doing
Work closely with different business units and translate high level business problems into actionable deliverables for the Data & Algorithms team
Work with a wide variety of data ranging between social media and email to customer transactions and logistics
Develop a variety of machine learning models including customer recommendations, customer propensity, forecasting, and marketing performance.
Collaborate closely with the Software Development and DevOps teams to ensure continued delivery of high-quality data through our data processing pipeline
Partner with various business stakeholders and implement solutions that improve their business process
Conduct big data analysis using SQL, Python, Snowflake, Spark and other technologies
Break down complex projects and problems into actionable tasks that be delivered quickly and iteratively and provide value to the business stakeholders
Key Understandings
Customer lifetime value, regression analysis, cohorts, retention, customer lifecycle, customer segmentation, machine learning, large-scale data analysis, classification and propensity modeling
What you will bring to the table
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Math, Statistics or a related field
3+ years of experience programming in languages such as Python, Java, Scala, Ruby, R
3+ years of experience working with SQL and relational databases
3+ years of experience with machine learning, statistical modeling, and data mining techniques
Experience with one or more machine learning algorithms such as neural networks, regression, clustering etc.
Working experience with machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow, Keras, ScikitLearn, H20.ai, MXNet, Caffe, Gluon etc. is highly desirable
Experience working in an Agile (SCRUM, XP etc.) development environment
Experience with AWS or other cloud environments is desirable
Knowledge of Big Data and NoSQL systems such as Snowflake, Hadoop, Spark, MongoDB, etc. is a plus",3.1,"Boxy Charm
3.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Beauty & Personal Accessories Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
63,Data Scientist,"$83k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist

Language: English

Location: Memphis, TN

Travel: <10>

Buckman is a privately held, global specialty chemical company with headquarters in Memphis, TN, USA, committed to safeguarding the environment, maintaining safety in the workplace, and promoting sustainable development. Buckman delivers exceptional service and innovative solutions to our customers globally in the pulp and paper, leather, and water treatment sectors to help boost productivity, reduce risk, improve product quality, and provide a measurable return on investment. Buckman is in the middle of a digital transformation of its businesses and focused on building the capabilities and tools in support of this.

Position Summary
Buckman is seeking an experienced Data Scientist to lead the development of a Data Science program at our Memphis facility. You will work closely with Buckman stakeholders to derive deep industry knowledge across paper, water, leather, and performance chemical industries. You will help develop a data strategy for the company including collection of the right data, creation of the data science project portfolio, partnering with external providers, and augmenting capabilities with additional internal hires. A large part of the job is communicating and developing relationship with key stakeholders and subject matter experts to tee up proofs of concept projects to demonstrate how data science can be used to solve old problems in unique and novel ways. You will not have a large internal team to rely on, at least initially, so individual expertise, breadth of data science knowledge, and ability to partner with external companies will be essential for success. In addition to the pure data science problems, you will be working closely with a multi-disciplinary team consisting of sensor scientists, software engineers, network engineers, mechanical/electrical engineers, and chemical engineers in the development, and deployment of IoT solutions. If you like working for an entrepreneurial company with a Sustainability mission and digital ambitions at the core of its strategy, Buckman is the place for you.

Competencies Needed for Success
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science
5+ years of relevant working experience in an analytical role involving data extraction, analysis, and visualization
Expertise in one or more programming languages R, Python, MATLAB, JMP, Minitab, Java, C++, Scala
Key libraries such as Sklearn, XgBoost, GLMNet, Dplyr, ggplot, Rshiny
Experience and knowledge of data mining algorithms including supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques areas such as Gradient Boosting, Decision Trees, Multivariate Regressions, Logistic regressions, Neural Network, Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, Naive Bayes, Time Series, Optimization
Microsoft IoT/data science toolkit: Azure Machine Learning, Datalake, Datalake analytics, Workbench, IoT Hub, Stream Analytics, CosmosDB, Time Series Insights, PowerBI
Data querying languages (e.g. SQL, Hadoop/Hive) and Preferred Qualifications
A demonstrated record of success with a verifiable portfolio of problems tackled
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s or PhD degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science
Experience in the specialty chemicals sector or similar industry
Background in engineering, especially Chemical Engineering
Experience starting up a data science program
Experience working with global stakeholders
Experience working in a start-up environment, preferably in an IoT company
Knowledge in quantitative modeling tools and statistical analysis",3.6,"Buckman
3.6","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1945,Company - Private,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
64,Data Engineer,"$67k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

NJVC, LLC

Company Job Title: Data Engineer

Clearance: Top Secret with ability to obtain SCI

Location: Springfield, VA

Reports To: Program Manager

FLSA Status: Exempt, Full Time, Regular

Summary:

The Data Engineer will work with product owners and data stewards to deliver high quality technical solutions in response to business requirements. You will be counted on to provide your peers with technical expertise that will offer solutions for difficult programming problems.

Duties and Responsibilities:

SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) including UI and custom code features.
Write or create stored procedures, SQL scripts, SSIS packages that can be used to:
Move data from source databases to target databases
Clean / Condition data
Convert or transform data
Reconcile and confirm converted data
Find data errors
Validate data to business rules
Ability to examine existing ETL scripts and track data back to source
SQL Server administration, tuning, and workbench.
Work with business experts to understand data and complete data mappings.
Focus on the development of extract, transform, and load (ETL) jobs currently using Microsoft SQL, Server, and SSIS.
The environment currently supports hundreds of related ETL jobs that move data between 30 different source systems and between multiple classifications.
Part of the challenge as a data engineer will be to find scalable and efficient coding solutions that plug into this extensible system in order to add more data to the Enterprise data store.
Other duties as assigned

Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.)

Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Equivalent years of experience in lieu of degree
4 years of relevant experience with the following software / tools:
Experience with Microsoft SQL
Prior experience supporting IC/DoD
The existing data warehouse is built on Microsoft SQL hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS), so experience developing solutions that scale well in these environments is a plus.
Active Top-Secret Clearance with ability to obtain SCI

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Ability to work independently and yet be effective within a team setting
Must be capable of managing multiple efforts with time related constraints in a fast-paced contracting environment
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with diverse internal and external stakeholder groups and individuals
Friendly presence, helpful attitude, good interpersonal skills, and ability to work well with others.
Excellent skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, and other Office applications
Proficient with Microsoft Office Applications, and experience working in a home office setting as well as the ability to train end users on frequently asked technical issues.
Ability to provide technical assistance and support over the phone; good phone skills, professional demeanor, previous customer service experience strongly desired.

Good problem-solving skills; ability to visualize a problem/situation and think abstractly to solve it

Physical Demands: (The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.)

While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.

Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.)

The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment.
During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.

Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Native preference under PL 93-638.

We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.

Primary Location: United States-Virginia-Springfield

Organization: NJVC

Strategic Business Unit: Military Intelligence and Operations Support

Security Requirements: Top Secret

Job Schedule: Full Time Exempt

Recruiter: Jonas Patterson

Req ID: 2000001203",3.0,"Chenega Corporation
3.0","Springfield, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
65,Medical Technologist (MT) / Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLT),-1,"Sampson Regional Medical Center is hiring a Medical Technologist to join the Laboratory team!

Description:
This is a full-time position. The selected candidate will perform various waived, moderately and highly complex hematologic, chemical, immunohematologic, immunologic/serologic, microscopic, and microbiological tests on specimens to obtain data for use in diagnosis or treatment of diseases. Additional responsibilities include obtaining specimens by capillary, arterial, and venous punctures; perform equipment maintenance, calibration, and troubleshooting; process histology specimens with additional training; participate in the quality assessment and improvement programs; provide guidance to technicians, assistants, phlebotomists and students; and provide services to patients of all age categories.

Requirements:

National certification as an MT/MLS by an approved agency is preferred
Individual must meet the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (CLIA) regulations for moderate and high complexity testing and must possess one of the following:
A bachelor's or associate's degree in medical technology or an appropriate biological, chemical, medical, or physical science from an accredited institution. This includes twelve (12) months of clinical laboratory training.
A satisfactory passing grade in a proficiency examination approved by HHS (HEW) and at least twelve (12) months of clinical laboratory experience.

Your Health, Our Passion!

IND123",2.2,"Sampson Regional Medical Center
2.2","Clinton, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1949,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
66,Data Scientist,"$65k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","HPOne, named CT Magazine's 2018 Great Places to Work, is looking for a Data Scientist to join our team.

The Data Scientist is responsible for collecting, cleaning, translating data to meet the company's needs. Every business collects data, whether it's sales figures, market research, logistics, or transportation costs. The Data Scientist will use that data and machine learning to help drive HPOne's business plans.

What you'll do:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Develop insights and deliver recommendations based on data analyses
Work with business leaders to articulate business requirements for data analyses
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies for specific models or analyses
Optimize joint development efforts through database use and project design
Create automated reports and dashboard products, in order to display results to internal teams
Develop end-customer segmentation schemes by analyzing customer behavior
Perform ad hoc analyses and deliver recommendations
Develop and implement predictive models like decision tree, regression using R or similar
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Required Skills/Abilities:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field
Five years' experience with SAS (or similar), ETL, data processing, database programming and data analytics
Experience in data mining and statistical analysis
Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation
Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills
Experience with programming languages such as Java / Python (or ""R"")
Experience conducting regression analyses
Understanding of relational databases and data management as well as experience with data aggregation and normalization
Advanced excel expertise (pivot tables, VLOOKUP, report filters, etc.)
Ability to approach tasks strategically, while owning and mastering the details
Exceptional problem solving, as well as analytical and strategic thinking skills
Initiative to own projects from start to finish
Strong oral and written communication skills, with ability to work well with people across the company at all levels


Preferred Skills/Abilities:
Coursework in at least one of the following: mathematics, business, analytical marketing, information systems, programming/databases, statistics/statistical modeling, finance, economics, or physics
Experience conducting analyses and building predictive models using SAS (or similar)
Experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools preferred (like Domo or Tableau)
Physical Requirements:
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer, typically in an office or cubicle environment (constant noise, fluorescent overhead lighting)
HPOne is an Equal Opportunity Employer:

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) is a fundamental principle at HPOne, where employment is based upon personal capabilities and qualifications. HPOne does not discriminate because of actual or perceived sex, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity, gender, transgender, race, color, religion, national origin, creed, citizenship status, ancestry, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, medical conditions including genetic characteristics, mental or physical disability, military and veteran status, or any other protected characteristic as established by law. HPOne requires the necessary drug testing and background checks as part of our pre-employment practices.",3.6,"HPOne
3.6","Trumbull, CT",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
67,Data Scientist,"$82k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Varen, our performance is measured by the success of our clients, and our reputation for service, superior quality, objectivity, integrity and results. Our reputation is everything to us as we are committed to being a trusted advisor to our nations decision makers in a day in age that demands acute attention to detail in a fast-paced environment. Varen is seeking to add the sharpest technical professionals who share our passion for ensuring the mission success of our customers at all times.

We are looking for Data Scientists with various years of experience. In these positions you will work closely with the client to review and respond to data science requirements. These positions will involve analyzing both structured and unstructured data using data analytics, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence/machine learning techniques.

Experience with training and optimizing machine learning models and coordinating with data engineering components to deploy trained models to work on production data at scale is desired.

EDUCATION:


BS degree in technical field and 3+ years of experience

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENT:

TS/SCI w/poly clearance
Varen Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and applicants receive lawful consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status.",4.2,"Varen Technologies
4.2","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
68,Data Engineer,-1,"At Moser Consulting, a data engineer / bi engineer, performs advanced (senior-level) data analysis and data engineering work. Work involves leading initiatives to create data analytics-driven solutions for critical business objectives. This position represents the data management team to our business partners, and brings technical expertise to citizen BI and data analytics teams across the agency. Sr Consultants may supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgement. Consultants will have supervision and likely work with or under the direction of a Principal or Senior Consultant.
Works closely with customers regarding their specific data needs to develop the requirements for data subject areas needed.
Captures the inventory of data sources and dashboards to prepare and manage integrated data.
Acts as the IT knowledge leader on data warehousing and data analytics to the business.
Ensures data warehouse implementations meet business expectations and coordinates customer acceptance testing and training.
Ensures the customer can exploit the data warehouse solutions and helps identify additional possible uses of information; anticipates future needs and opportunities.
Assists in the identification and integration of potential new data sources.
Designs and develops ELT pipelines that extract data from various sources and load into the data warehouse or other systems.
Ensures that controls to verify the accuracy and consistency of data are implemented and monitored.
Provides ongoing operational support of the enterprise data warehouse, continued development and enhancement of the data warehouse, automation of daily data extracts and external system feeds, and development and enhancement of current dashboards.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer information systems, computer science, data management, information systems or information science or a related field.
High School diploma or equivalent and additional directly related experience may substitute for the required education on a year-for-year basis.
Six (6) years of experience in data warehouse, including dimensional modeling, ETL/ELT pipeline design & development, data management, data analysis, process measurement, and metrics management, or a related discipline.
Two (2) years of experience working closely with business analytics teams and data analysts, including PowerBI (or equivalent) experience with financial and accounting data.
Successful track record of Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse solution implementations (design, implementation, data visualization and ongoing support/maintenance) with extensive interaction with business users.
Emerging data and analytics technologies
Cloud platforms and development patterns
Relational and non-relational data structures, theories, principles, and practices.
Metadata management and associated processes.
Data encryption and secure transmission practices (SSL, SSH, SFTP, Certificates, PKI, OAUTH2).
Machine-learning, statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, predictive analytics.
Microsoft/Azure Certifications, Snowflake Certifications are beneficial.
Preferred Locations: Indianapolis, IN and Baltimore, MD
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
69,"Research Scientist, Immuno-Oncology (PhD Required)",-1,"Position Summary: *
The research scientist will be involved in conducting immune-oncology research programs directed at identifying new therapeutic targets and development drug development programs in cancer around these targets. The candidate will write scientific publications, grant and patent applications. The responsibilities of this position include developing and executing cell-based assays, _in vitro,_ _ex vivo_ and _in vivo_ to characterize biological mechanisms of action of novel immunotherapeutic product candidates for the treatment of cancer. The candidate will be aligned with four fundamental pillars of BTI's entrepreneurial corporate culture: 1) Be bold and decisive, 2) Never give up, 3) Be solution-oriented, and 4) Do the impossible.
Responsibilities: *
· _Experimental Design: _ Generate and test novel experimental hypotheses to advance discovery-based R&D at BTI. Propose controlled designs capable of robustly testing respective hypotheses to draw conclusions relevant to drug development research.

· _Data analysis: _ Utilize established and novel methods to analyze data. Data types will include but are not limited to flow cytometry results, high-throughput sequencing, protein biochemistry assays, and histopathology.

· _Data communication and reporting: _ Provide detailed reports of experimental results. Generate figures, presentations and publications to communicate results with scientific community, investors, and collaborators. Support the development of peer reviewed scientific publications, patents and grants relevant to ongoing research.

· _Laboratory Procedures_: Perform various standard experimental assays including quantitative real-time PCR, Western blot, flow cytometry, and ELISA. Work in sterile conditions to conduct cell culture experiments and maintain the growth of cell lines. Express and purify recombinant protein. Collect and analyze generated data.

· _Personnel Training_: Training of BTI personnel on laboratory upkeep, experimental assays and research projects. Guide the personnel resourcing of projects and tasks.

· _Animal Procedures_: Conduct various IACUC approved laboratory animal procedures and techniques for BTI’s projects including but not limited to basic rodent handling, oral gavage, intraperitoneal injection, blood collection, and euthanasia. Interact with animal facility personnel to maintain organization and compliance of animal facilities. Will design new animal studies for projects related to therapeutic efficacy or mechanisms of action of new drugs for autoimmune diseases.

· _Teamwork_: Work independently and collaboratively in a matrixed environment. Be able to successfully work with other BTI team members in experiments.

· _Regulatory Compliance_: Support regulatory compliance efforts as instructed by the senior leadership in accordance with IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocols. Implement, organize and maintain regulatory compliance records.

· _Record keeping_: Keep detailed records of all activities, record these activities in ASANA, Google Drive, laboratory notebook, the BTI’s Colony Management System (CMS), and Labkey. Provide weekly updates of the BTI research progress to the Scientific Director, and BTI team. Maintains confidentiality of all data, information and knowledge.

· Maintain the confidentiality of all company deliberations and plans.

· Any new responsibilities or changes in the reporting structure as directed by the executive leadership.

· Act in accordance with Company’s policies.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $48,814.00 - $91,451.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.biotherapeuticsinc.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"BioTherapeutics, Inc.","Blacksburg, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
70,HCM Data Analyst,"$55k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Any qualified individual with a disability who is having difficulty in completing an application because of incompatible technology or other disability-related application issues may contact us at the following phone number for assistance: 251-445-1932.

Austal shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. Austal’s commitment to equal employment opportunity applies at all levels of employment, in all job titles, including the executive level, and to all employment actions, including but not limited to decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, training, and promotion.

REPORTS TO: HCM Coordinator

SUPERVISES: N/A

AUTHORITIES / RESPONSIBILITIES:

The HCM data analyst plays a crucial role in collecting, structuring, analyzing, and reporting on HR processes and data. Supports business with key HR insights reporting (manning levels, hires; retention, turnover), talent metrics (promotion reporting; learning and development tracking; performance management insights), benefits reporting (billing invoices, participation census) as well as ad hoc reporting and data analysis as needed.

Job Description

Utilizes Workday systems and analytical tools to develop, analyze and interpret HR workforce data.
Partners with stakeholders across business units to build and implement reporting and analytic solutions that provide leaders with information necessary to achieve business goals and objectives.
Develop and maintain standardized dashboards and other related metrics reports for organization-wide and HR department evaluation.
Maintains common HR data repository
Monitors effectiveness of reporting and analytics products to ensure optimal value to the business, modifying or operationalizing new metrics and dashboard products as needed.
Creates scheduled reports and respond to ad-hoc queries from senior management and other areas of the company.
Leverages data extraction tools and approaches to perform complex data analysis and formulate new meaningful insights.
Reviews new reporting requests to be sure the request is consistent with HR systems and data strategies.
Creates, maintains, and ensures quality assurance of human resources data sets, reports, and metrics.
Recommends process and system improvements, follow up on recommendations.
Assist in the identification of data integrity problems and recommend solutions.
Other special projects, as needed.
Other duties as assigned;

QUALIFICATIONS / KNOWLEDGE / EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree or equivalent.
3-5 Business Analyst experience documenting Business Requirements and conducting data analysis.
Workday experience preferred in one or more modules: HCM, Benefits, Talent/Performance, Security, or Advanced Compensation.
Strong written and verbal communication skills to effectively communicate processes and procedures with managers and employees.
Highly developed ability to provide clear, concise verbal and written explanations for complex concepts so that others see the value add in recommendations and solutions.
Strong computer proficiency and technical aptitude to utilize MSOffice. Expert-level proficiency in Microsoft Excel (PowerPoint a plus).
Strong process orientation, analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent service orientation skill set, ability to build strong relationships with fellow HR team members.
Must work with a sense of urgency and have the ability to handle confidential information in a professional manner. Can handle demands from multiple customers and has the ability to prioritize.
Ability to work collaboratively with multiple teams/organizations with attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
Flexible and has the capability to deliver results in a fast-paced, and high volume environment.

TOOLS: Not applicable

DIRECTION EXERCISED: Works within established guidelines. Works autonomously and escalates issues to HCM Coordinator as appropriate.

DISCRETION EXERCISED: A degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.

LIAISES WITH:

Employees, Department Managers, HR / Benefit Staff, Finance staff and external consultants as assigned.

ADDITIONAL GUIDELINES:

The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD clearance may be required if deemed necessary in the scope of your position responsibilities.
Candidates must meet the following employment eligibility guidelines to be eligible for employment with Austal USA:
18 years or older at time of application
Able to provide proof of US Person status (permanent resident or citizen)
No felony convictions of theft/deception or violent crimes within seven years from disposition date
No felony convictions of drug crimes within three years from disposition date
Willing to submit to a drug screen
Willing to submit to a background check",3.2,"Austal USA
3.2","Mobile, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
71,Analytical Scientist,-1,"Description: *
Coastar Therapeutics is seeking a highly-motivated scientist with assay development expertise to join the analytical development team. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing analytical methods in support of the biological membrane coated virus development. Operating in a cross-functional and dynamic environment, the individual will work closely with Product Development and Process Development teams. The ideal candidate should have a proven track record of developing, implementing, and transferring QC-suitable analytical testing methods that are compliant with regulatory requirements.

This is a full-time position reporting to the CSO and is located at our corporate headquarter in San Diego.
Primary Responsibilities: *
• Perform all functions to support bioassay development and assay qualification with exemplary documentation practices

• Perform established in-process control and release assays to support pilot process development

• Detailed record keeping, data interpretation, and presentation to functional and project teams

• Ordering and maintaining stocks of lab reagents and samples
Requirements: *
• Ph.D. or M.S. degree with 3~5 years relevant experience in a related field

• Prior experience with designing and developing cellular/enzyme-based assays is preferred

• Prior experience with bi-specific antibody and virus is strongly preferred

• Prior experience with bioassay / bioanalytical development is strongly preferred

• Prior experience with cell culture, qPCR, flow cytometry, protein purification is a plus

• Excellent communication, time management, record keeping, presentation, and data analysis skills

• The ability to successfully pursue an individual research project and take direction in a group environment
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements: *
• Will require working with blood, tissues, and cell lines of human and animal origin

• On-site work at corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA

• Occasional travelling will be required (< 10%)

The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary duties may be required from time to time.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
COVID-19 considerations:
To keep everyone work safely, we have the work environment redesigned to be compliant with the requirement, including isolated desks and lab benches, mask requirement, etc.

This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
Coastar Therapeutics Inc.
Company's Facebook page:
Coastar Therapeutics Inc.
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Coastar Therapeutics Inc.,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
72,Analytical Scientist,-1,"Description: *
Coastar Therapeutics is seeking a highly-motivated scientist with assay development expertise to join the analytical development team. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing analytical methods in support of the biological membrane coated virus development. Operating in a cross-functional and dynamic environment, the individual will work closely with Product Development and Process Development teams. The ideal candidate should have a proven track record of developing, implementing, and transferring QC-suitable analytical testing methods that are compliant with regulatory requirements.

This is a full-time position reporting to the CSO and is located at our corporate headquarter in San Diego.
Primary Responsibilities: *
• Perform all functions to support bioassay development and assay qualification with exemplary documentation practices

• Perform established in-process control and release assays to support pilot process development

• Detailed record keeping, data interpretation, and presentation to functional and project teams

• Ordering and maintaining stocks of lab reagents and samples
Requirements: *
• Ph.D. or M.S. degree with 3~5 years relevant experience in a related field

• Prior experience with designing and developing cellular/enzyme-based assays is preferred

• Prior experience with bi-specific antibody and virus is strongly preferred

• Prior experience with bioassay / bioanalytical development is strongly preferred

• Prior experience with cell culture, qPCR, flow cytometry, protein purification is a plus

• Excellent communication, time management, record keeping, presentation, and data analysis skills

• The ability to successfully pursue an individual research project and take direction in a group environment
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements: *
• Will require working with blood, tissues, and cell lines of human and animal origin

• On-site work at corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA

• Occasional travelling will be required (< 10%)

The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary duties may be required from time to time.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
COVID-19 considerations:
To keep everyone work safely, we have the work environment redesigned to be compliant with the requirement, including isolated desks and lab benches, mask requirement, etc.

This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
Coastar Therapeutics Inc.
Company's Facebook page:
Coastar Therapeutics Inc.
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Coastar Therapeutics Inc.,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
73,Data Scientist,"$80k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E.W. Scripps is a company rich in media history focused on the future. We are one of the nation's largest independent TV station owners with 60 stations nationwide, and we are working to stay ahead of the ways in which people use technology to find news and information. Our commitment to the future means that discovery is commonplace, the status quo is challenged, iteration and collaboration are the norm and new ideas are welcome. Join a team of top performers and help shape the future of the most strategic and well positioned media company – E. W. Scripps. This position will be located in Cincinnati, OH or Washington, DC.

At Scripps, you’ll:
Have a complete modern data science/analytics software stack at your disposal.
Enjoy a broad scope of responsibility – with projects and questions from every part of the business and new businesses under consideration.
Know that your work will have an impact on key strategic decisions – changing and shaping the way we do business. This is why we are so selective in our hiring process.
Grow your talent with constant learning – with substantial investments in on-site and hands-on training and eLearning formats used to fill in the gaps.
Work on projects that are important and interesting to you – with focus on modern media and marketing strategies
Expand your horizons by attending and giving talks at conferences and professional networking opportunities with senior analytics professionals.
Become a leading expert in applied data science for media.
We are looking for someone who knows how to use the latest data analytics tools, will thrive in our fast-paced innovative environment, will deliver results and has the following experience and credentials.

Primary purpose:

The Data Scientist blends the skills of a business thinker with those of a data analyst: asking questions, turning data into knowledge, forming conclusions, and making recommendations that enable the company to innovate, differentiate itself from its competitors, work smarter, make better decisions, and enhance profitability. This individual will partner with the analytics team, analytics products and services director, business leaders and end users to be a change agent - teasing out the questions that are important to our business, and then use statistical analysis and data mining techniques to inform the answers and communicate conclusions both visually and in writing, along with recommendations and next steps. The Data Scientist will also participate in the creation and measurement of new business processes, tools, and products.

Key responsibilities:
Influence the course of the business as a trusted advisor to business leaders, users and clients, using data and analytics as a basis for better, more informed decision making
Creation of analytics and measurement roadmaps
Identify impactful choices or courses of action that drive value for the organization
Evaluate the big picture and solve business problems in addition to focusing on metrics
Influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating conclusions to cross-functional groups
Create automation applications to replace tasks for critical revenue generating teams decreasing time dedicated to non-revenue generating
Mine large amounts of data and perform data analysis to extract useful business insights for a wide range of topics including product development and performance, market dynamics, consumer and audience knowledge, internal operations, and external research
Initial study design, acquisition of data, prototyping and production roll out
Ongoing tracking, monitoring, and periodic follow-up studies
Support the design and implement of reporting dashboards that track key business metrics and provide actionable insights
Use software and other tools to develop analyses that identify patterns, influences, correlations, relationships, predictive factors, risk factors, and that provide better situational awareness
Creation of models, simulations, and optimization routines
Develop of data flows and acquisition strategies to facilitate the capture and sharing of data and analytics within the organization
Support the development of Scripps analytics products and services by providing input into product roadmaps
Be a positive force to cultivate a culture that is passionate about developing analytics as a business competency
Drive accountability for value recognition and business results
Create and contribute to a quality work environment that motivates team members to perform at their highest levels and positively affects employee and business partner relationships
Be a publicly visible presence, including creating communications and leading training sessions, advocating for the benefits of analytics in Scripps and the products/services of the analytics team
Education / work experience:
Bachelor's required, Masters preferred. Applied statistics, Computer Science, business analytics or a related field.
Minimum 3 years, 5+ years preferred, experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches apply to this requirement.
Experience and demonstrated success presenting complex analyses and final recommendations to business leaders and external clients.
Statistical method experience:
Analysis techniques such as marketing mix modeling, scenario modeling, pattern detection, A/B testing, nearest neighbor, cluster analysis, sentiment analysis, decision trees, optimization, simulation, regression analysis, agent-based modeling, ensemble models, collaborative filtering and other types of analysis
Software Proficiency:
Python, RapidMiner, R
Database skills (Snowflake, MySQL) experience preferred
Tableau
About Scripps:

The E.W. Scripps Company (NASDAQ: SSP) advances understanding of the world through journalism. As the nation’s fourth-largest independent TV station owner, Scripps operates 60 television stations in 42 markets. Scripps empowers the next generation of news consumers with its multiplatform news network Newsy and reaches growing audiences through broadcast networks including Bounce and Court TV. Scripps runs an award-winning investigative reporting newsroom in Washington, D.C., and is the longtime steward of the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Founded in 1878, Scripps has held for decades to the motto, “Give light and the people will find their own way.”

As an equal employment opportunity employer, The E.W. Scripps Company and its affiliates do not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis on race, sex, sexual orientation, gender, color, religion, age, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, citizenship or national origin, and military membership or veteran status, or on any other basis which would be in violation of any applicable federal, state or local law. Furthermore, the company will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship for the company.

If interested, please apply at www.scripps.com/careers.

#LI-CH1

#GD-CH1",3.5,"The E.W. Scripps Company
3.5","Cincinnati, OH",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1878,Company - Public,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
74,Data Scientist,"$95k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist
In this role, you will be set on a constant “treasure hunt” for new data sources to apply the latest techniques for modeling and data analysis. You will be part of a team driving the profit and customer growth of this growing insurance agency.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Working with internal and external data to understand and accurately predict:
Shopping behavior;
Retention behavior;
Quote and conversion rates;
Retention and lifetime customer value;
Contribution to overall margin;
Customer satisfaction; and
Other drivers of success you identify worthy of analysis.
Qualifications and Education
Knowledge of new and innovative modeling and statistical techniques – a relevant specialty is preferred.
Detail orientation – attention and desire to work on large data “crunching” projects.
Strong written and oral communication skills and a proven ability to communicate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Creative thinker with the ability to synthesize information from various sources and apply that information to concrete business problems.
Ability to work with and understanding of the merits of various data structures.
Proficiency with the latest modeling software and techniques, such as SAS, R, Python or Tableau.
Ability to understand the need to balance predictive power, interpretability, and ease of implementation.

Education:
An advanced degree in mathematics, machine learning, economics, statistics or a related field.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
75,Medical Laboratory Scientist,"$19-$27 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview
Conducts wide variety of laboratory tests for diagnosis of disease and wellness.

Qualifications
Education and/or Other Requirements
One of the following active certifications is required:

American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCP) Board Certification as a Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLS) or Medical Technologist (MT);
American Medical Technologists (AMT) Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT);
Meet grandfather requirements under (Clinical Laboratory Improvements Amendments) CLIA '88.
New graduates will have 6 months to obtain certification.
Qualifications

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.
Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications.
Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, stenography and transcription, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology.
The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.
The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer).
The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.
Ability to watch gauges, dials, or other indicators to make sure a machine is working properly.
Environmental Factors
Frequent to continuous exposure to unpleasant/irritating substances. Exposure to hazardous and/or potentially injurious elements or conditions is considerable.
Physical Demands
The physical demands described are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

Must be able to work any shift and/or weekend.
The employee will frequently be required to lift, push or pull weight of at least 5 to 60 lbs.
Ability to attend to visual details.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to walk, stand, bend, and reach (70 to 100%).
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to move through and between nursing units to perform phlebotomy and Blood Bank duties.
Ability to communicate orally and in writing.
Ability to receive and comprehend written and oral communications.
Mental Demands

Absolute integrity in the accurate performance and reporting of results.
Exercise discretion, good independent judgment, and reasoning ability.
Ability to work under stress caused by turn-around times.
Analyze information or data.
Plan sequence of operations or actions.
Make decisions of moderate to substantial
Note
Reasonable accommodations may be made to assist an otherwise qualified individual in the performance of the job. In order to meet the needs of the Company employees may be assigned other duties, in addition to or in lieu of those described above.

Responsibilities

Conducts tests according to standards. Maintains up-to-date knowledge of laboratory procedures in assigned areas, which may include:
Chemistry
Microbiology/Serology/Molecular lab
Blood Bank
Hematology
Prepares samples for analysis; performs prescribed procedures; reports accurate test results.
Organizes and prioritizes workload; meets turn-around time.
After orientation, operates, calibrates, conducts performance checks, and maintains clinical laboratory instruments and equipment.
Conducts established quality control procedures on analytical tests, equipment, reagent, media and products; evaluates results; implements corrective action when indicated.
Communicates and interacts with fellow employees; refers problems to appropriate personnel; keeps supervisor informed of unusual data or results.
Participates in continuing education as required.
Ability to troubleshoot instrumentation and make minor repairs.
Ability to monitor quality control and patient results to identify trends, shifts and changes that my affect patient results.
Performs other duties as assigned or volunteers.",3.4,"Memorial Health
3.4","Decatur, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1897,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
76,Medical Lab Scientist / MLT (ASCP Certified) - Molecular/Micro,"$20-$28 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:

ASCP or AMT Certification is required for this role. MLS and MLT will be considered.

We have openings available on Evening and Night shift.

Cleveland Clinic is offering a $2,500 sign on bonus (external new hires).

Diploma and transcripts must be provided prior to interviewing. Education will be verified. Education outside of the USA requires diploma & transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from a reputable agency.

Performs and interprets tests at all complexity levels. Demonstrates an understanding of the theory and scientific principles of laboratory testing as well as the technical, procedural and problem solving aspects. Correlates abnormal laboratory data with pathological states, determines the validity of test results and the need for additional tests. Determines the validity of test results through the monitoring and/or verifying of quality controls, standards, etc. Communicates test results, reference ranges, specimen requirements, and other pertinent information to authorized sources.

Job Responsibilities:

Follows the laboratory's procedures for specimen handling and processing, test analyses, reporting and maintaining records of patient test results.
Performs laboratory testing in a compliant manner.
Maintains regulatory knowledge and awareness as it pertains to specific job duties.
Adheres to the laboratory's quality control policies, document all quality control activities, instrument and procedural calibrations and maintenance performed.
Assumes responsibility for and takes action regarding any quality control or quality assurance issues as it pertains to specific job duties.
Maintains instruments and equipment in accordance with manufacturer’s specifications.
Assumes responsibility for good documentation practices and maintains clear and legible records.
Performs proficiency testing in compliance with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) regulations i.e. analyze proficiency survey sample in the same manner as a patient specimens, no communication with other CLIA laboratories, complete record retention and accurate documentation and result reporting.
Assumes responsibility for participation in continuing education, professional development and required annual competency assessment.
Follows the laboratory's established policies and procedures whenever test systems are not within the laboratory's established acceptable levels of performance.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or reporting of test results and either must correct the problems or immediately notify the General Supervisor, Technical Supervisor, Clinical Consultant, or Laboratory Director.
Exercises good judgment, analytical and problem solving/troubleshooting skills.
Recommends solutions and improvements.
Documents all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory's established performance specifications.
May function in an educator and provides instruction and training in theory, technical skills, safety protocols, and the application of laboratory test protocols to students, employees, residents, etc.
Other duties as assigned.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology from a four-year college or university.

OR

Meets the CLIA qualifications for high complexity testing personnel grandfathering clauses.
See Code of Federal Regulations, Title 42, §493.1489(b)(3), §493.1489(b)(4), §493.1489(b)(5), §493.1491 Standards; High Complexity Testing Personnel Qualifications.
Diploma and/or transcripts must be provided.
Education will be verified.
Education outside of the United States requires diploma/transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from by an HHS approved agency or nationally recognized organization such as NACES (National Association Credential Evaluation Services, Inc) or AICE (Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc).

Certifications:

Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT) or certification eligible preferred, from the American Society of Clinical Pathology (ASCP) or American Medical Technologists (AMT).

Competencies (Complexity of Work):

Requires critical thinking skills, decisive judgment and the ability to work unsupervised or with minimal supervision.
Must be able to work in a stressful environment and take appropriate action.

Work Experience:

None Required

Physical Requirements:

Physical demands include: Visual acuity to study specimens under a microscope.
The ability to distinguish colors.
Fine motor skills and manual dexterity to handle specimens and lab equipment required to process specimens and repair equipment.
May be required to stand for long periods of time.
Light lifting may be required.
May be exposed to hazardous chemicals, biohazards, radioactive materials, etc.

Personal Protective Equipment:

Follows standard precautions using personal protective equipment as required.

#LI-EM1

Keywords: Medical Technologist, MLT, MLS, MT, ASCP, AMT, laboratory, lab, testing, pathology

The policy of Cleveland Clinic and its system hospitals (Cleveland Clinic) is to provide equal opportunity to all of our employees and applicants for employment in our tobacco free and drug free environment. All offers of employment are followed by testing for controlled substance and nicotine. Job offers will be rescinded for candidates for employment who test positive for nicotine. Candidates for employment who are impacted by Cleveland Clinic’s Smoking Policy will be permitted to reapply for open positions after 90 days. Decisions concerning employment, transfers and promotions are made upon the basis of the best qualified candidate without regard to color, race, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, ancestry, status as a disabled or Vietnam era veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. Information provided on this application may be shared with any Cleveland Clinic facility.

Cleveland Clinic is pleased to be an equal employment employer: Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities",3.8,"Cleveland Clinic
3.8","Cleveland, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1921,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
77,Data Analyst,"$29k-$38k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Smith is an entrepreneurial company with global reach, a casual environment, and limitless paths for success. For over 35 years, we’ve offered a place for driven, creative people to set and achieve ambitious goals in sales, procurement, and our supporting departments.

Opportunities await around the world. If you’re curious to see how you can help Smith grow while pursuing the next step in your own growth and development, apply today.

This Data Analyst will be responsible for data mining and building mining data tables, along with researching external methods, processes and software to provide business solutions tailored to new trends, demands and concepts. This person will need to have experience with the ETL process and strong experience with working with data coming from various sources, channels and in different formats. The candidate will also need to have the ability to structure the data for a software architect, correspond directly with clients, project or department managers, and/or business leaders to identify analytical requirements. This person will also be working with Project Managers, Architects, DBA, and Data Scientists. He or she must be comfortable utilizing both quantitative data, and qualitative knowledge. Other typical functions include but are not limited to:
Perform routine trend analyses and evaluations.
Analyze audit findings, identify trends and assist in the development of programs.
Brainstorm and form effective solutions to business problems.
Develop, maintain and assist in the implementation of programs and business solutions.
Monitor correction action follow-up from audits in business units.
Provide status reports to management, identify problem areas and verify compliance.
Clean, update and aggregate the data into more operable formatting.
Required Skills:
Bachelors Degree in MIS and/or CS.
Experience with tools such as SQL, Oracle & MongoDB.
Any ETL too experience (ex: Informatica, Oracle Data Integrator or Warehouse Builder)
Ability to work with relational and non-relational databases.
Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and switch between tasks quickly.
Ability to facilitate discussion, drive consensus and build partnerships.
Detail oriented and able to work in group projects and take direction.
Excellent verbal and written communication skill is a must.
Experience as a Business Analysis is preferable.
If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!",4.1,"N.F. Smith & Associates
4.1","Houston, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1984,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
78,Data Analyst,"$47k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This position is responsible for analyzing, reporting and maintaining information within iCare’s enterprise data warehouse and associated databases based on business unit priorities. Additionally, this position may be responsible for assisting with system configuration and support.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES:

Conducts business analysis, data modeling, logical and physical database design, database optimization, load strategy design and implementation, security and change management.
Create, manage and maintain reports using standard reporting technologies.
Develop strong working relationship with the business units to determine needs and solutions that monitor trends.
Maintain and manage a centralized data dictionary.
Ensure best practices are utilized in defining business processes, including identifying and reporting on trends and deviation.
Ensure adherence to company data architectural guidelines, principles and standards in all project milestones and deliverables.
Work with team to optimize system performance
Create appropriate documentation to support effective requirements definition including charts, graphs, and logic model diagrams as necessary.
Fully participate in iCare’s Compliance Program, including compliance with iCare’s Code of Conduct, policies and procedures, and all applicable Privacy and Security laws

An individual in this position must be able to successfully perform the essential duties and responsibilities listed above. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.

The above list reflects the general details necessary to describe the principle and essential functions of the position and shall not be construed as the only duties that may be assigned for the position.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering or related field, or equivalent experience
2+ years proven design/development experience in methodologies related to ad hoc reporting, dimensional modeling and Enterprise Data Warehousing.
2+ years of experience with relational database systems.
Proficiency in database design concepts and techniques for OLAP
Experience with enterprise-level DBMS systems and tools.
Extensive experience in Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services and Microsoft BI Tool set.
Strong problem-solving skills, logical process thinking, and end-to-end system concepts.
Strong verbal and written communication skills which can clearly articulate complex concepts and ideas to all levels of the organization in both technical and non-technical terms.
Strong knowledge of data mapping and data modeling processes.
Strong knowledge and experience creating reports that allow business users to drill into details.
Analytical skills which effectively deal with conceptual and tangible ideas along with attention to detail.
Working knowledge of the IT development process and life cycle, i.e. roles/responsibilities, tasks, milestones, deliverables.
Team oriented with ability to work effectively with many different people across many diverse organizations.
Ability to work on multiple, concurrent projects in a dynamic environment and manage time appropriately.
Management skills with the ability to plan, organize, and orchestrate activities such as Joint Application Development and review sessions.
Ability to identify and manage risks and issues, providing appropriate escalation when needed.
Data Analyst I (1-4 years of experience in data analysis and/or ETL design & development)
Data Analyst II (4-10 years of experience in data analysis and ETL design & development)
Data Analyst III (10+ years of experience in data analysis, ETL, and/or EDW design & development

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Understanding of Medicaid/Medicare
Understanding of healthcare insurance industry

PHYSICAL AND MENTAL DEMANDS:

Physical and mental stamina to handle heavy workloads.
Ability to operate a computer and typical office equipment.

The mental and physical requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an individual to successfully perform the essential functions of this position.

WORKING ENVIRONMENT:

iCare is a multi-cultural environment committed to diversity and service to people with disabilities.
Independent Care Health Plan is a professional, performance-oriented organization. Additional time and effort beyond a normal workweek may be required to accomplish company and individual objectives and to provide a high level of service to our members.
Most of work is performed in an office environment.
Periodic business-related travel may be required.
Work conditions may involve stress producing activities and/or timelines.

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an individual encounters while performing the essential functions of this position.

Experience
Required
1 year(s): experience in data analysis and/or ETL design & development
2 year(s): experience with relational database systems
2 year(s): design/development experience in methodologies related to ad hoc reporting, dimensional modeling and Enterprise Data Warehousing.
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Engineering or related field
Bachelors or better in Management Information Systems or related field
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field
Behaviors
Preferred
Innovative: Consistently introduces new ideas and demonstrates original thinking
Functional Expert: Considered a thought leader on a subject
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Motivations
Preferred
Growth Opportunities: Inspired to perform well by the chance to take on more responsibility
Self-Starter: Inspired to perform without outside help
Goal Completion: Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks",2.9,"Independent Care Health Plan
2.9","Milwaukee, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
79,Data Engineer,-1,"You can make a salary. Or you can make a difference. Or you can work as a Data Engineer at Herman Miller and make both.

About this Opportunity
As a Data Engineer, you'll move and integrate data across multiple disparate systems. You will clean, normalize, and aggregate Herman Miller corporate reporting and analytics. You'll also provide support to functional areas by acting as expert in tools and methods for accessing, analyzing, and reporting corporate data.

What You'll Do
You'll have opportunities to speak up, solve problems, lead others, and be an owner every day as you...
Assist end users in reporting and analysis tools.
Collaborate with Analytics and Business Teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increase data accessibility, and foster data-driven decision making across the organization.
Define company data assets (data models).
Design data integrations and data quality framework.
Develop and maintain scalable data pipelines and build out new API integrations to support continuing increases in data volume and complexity.
Implement processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for the key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Perform data analysis to troubleshoot data-related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.
Work closely with a team of Application Developers, Architects, and Analysts.
Work closely with all Business Units and Software teams to develop strategy for long-term data platform architecture.
Write unit/integration tests and document work.
Perform additional responsibilities as requested to achieve business objectives.
Sound Like You?
You might be just who we’re looking for if you have...
A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.
Fully proficient retail and online retail data engineering abilities, typically gained through five years of working with Python/Java, SQL, working schema design, and dimensional data modeling.
At least five years of experience, or and equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems.
Experience working with cloud services and cloud data warehouses.
Experience with Snowflake, Matillion, Tableau, Business Objectives, and Net Suite (desirable).
The ability to manage and communicate data warehouse plans to internal clients.
Expert knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service.
Experience with or knowledge of Agile Software Development methodologies.
Advanced problem-solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to identify and solve complex business needs.
The ability to be process-oriented with great documentation skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of customer service.
The ability to perform all essential job functions of the position with or without accommodations.
Who We Are
At Herman Miller, our unique culture represents the collective attitudes, ideas, and experiences of the people who work here. We focus on protecting the environment, impacting our communities, exceeding the expectations of our customers through high quality products, and championing diversity in all areas of the business, and together we are on a journey toward a better world. We support the well-being of our employees in and outside of work by providing a variety of opportunities including award-winning work-life integration resources, development programs, complex health and wellness offerings, and much more.

Herman Miller is a globally recognized provider of furnishings and related technologies and services. Headquartered in West Michigan, we have relied on innovative design for over 100 years to solve problems for people wherever they work, live, learn, and heal.

Herman Miller is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer including veterans and people with disabilities.

Apply Now!",3.8,"Herman Miller
3.8",United States,-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1905,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
80,Quality Control Scientist,"$40k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary: Influence the continuous improvement of a GxP training program based on regulatory requirements and reinforcing a quality culture. Immerse GxP principles into the DNA of the Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Industrial Operations and Product Supply (IOPS) organization.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, the following:

• Develop and implement new approaches and enhancements to the IOPS GxP training program

• Seed GxP Quality Culture into all facets of the IOPS organization

• Evaluate the regulations and industry trends to identify opportunities to strengthen the GxP training program

• Collect and analyze data, establish facts and identify opportunities for improvement

• Conduct GxP Training monitoring and review outcomes with functional areas

• Identify and effectively communicate risks

• Develops and writes advanced reports for the GxP training program

• Organize, facilitate and present training sessions to groups or individuals as needed

• Ability to handle multiple projects and priorities with exceptional organizational and time management skills

• Supports IOPS Technical Training and organizational training initiatives

• Supports fulfillment of the IOPS Annual Training Plan and approves content

Goal of the position:

• Evaluate the current GxP training program and identify opportunities beyond onboarding and ongoing refresher training while promoting continuous improvement

• Support the regulatory requirement for personnel to have: Training, Experience and Education; with specific emphasis on Education

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

• A versatile, high energy, thinker, and self-motivated individual

• Understands and can apply human performance fundamentals

• Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills

• Ability to take a big idea and make it happen

• Ability to use data to drive results

• Ability to negotiate and influence without authority

• Proven project management experience

• Ability to embody to the IOPS culture

Education and Experience:

• Principal Level - Requires BS/BA in related field, in-depth knowledge of GxP requirements, and 8+ years of relevant experience in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology or a highly regulated industry. Related experience may be substituted in lieu of education.

• Staff Level - Requires BS/BA in related field, in-depth knowledge of GxP requirements, and 10+ years of relevant experience in the pharmaceutical/biotechnology or a highly regulated industry. Related experience may be substituted in lieu of education.

• Experience shaping a GxP training program, reinforcing, and developing innovative solutions for a Quality Culture

• Experience with GxP Quality Systems preferred

Level to be determined based on qualifications relevant to the role

Does this sound like you? Apply now to take your first steps toward living the Regeneron Way! We have an inclusive and diverse culture that provides amazing benefits including health and wellness programs, fitness centers and stock for employees at all levels!

Regeneron is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief (or lack thereof), sex, nationality, national or ethnic origin, civil status, age, citizenship status, membership of the Traveler community, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, familial status, marital or registered civil partnership status, pregnancy or maternity status, gender identity, gender reassignment, military or veteran status, or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application process. Please contact us to discuss any accommodations you think you may need.

#INDIOPS
-",3.8,"Regeneron
3.8","Rensselaer, NY",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
81,DATA SCIENTIST,"$54k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB SUMMARY

The position will focus on building products to democratize machine learning and consequently improve the cost and quality of patient care. This position involves development of tools that accelerate analytics and machine learning for the organization. Developing models that encompass all aspects of hospital operations, including clinical, operational, and financial data. Also responsible for teaching data analysts and software engineers how to work effectively with vast quantities of data
This position requires full understanding and active participation in fulfilling the Mission of Blessing Health System. It is expected that the employee demonstrate behavior consistent with the Core Values while supporting the strategic plan, goals and direction of the Performance Improvement Process (PIP) at Blessing Health System.

JOB QUALIFICATIONS

Education/Training/Experience:
REQUIRED:
Graduate or post graduate university degree in the field of computer science, mathematics, or statistics,
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in healthcare analytics
Fluency with at least one scripting language such as Python, Perl, etc.
Expert knowledge of statistical analysis tools such as R, Matlab, etc.
Experience with very large datasets
Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel and other office projects required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Pay Status:
EXEMPT

IND0

Blessing Health System provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Blessing Health System complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Blessing Health System expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Blessing Health System’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.

19437

Location: Blessing Hospital · DECISION SUPPORT
Schedule: Full-Time, Days, Monday-Friday, 8:00am-5:00pm, 40 hours weekly",3.8,"Blessing Hospital
3.8","Quincy, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1875,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
82,Data Scientist,"$80k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Data Scientist will partner with stakeholders from various business functions to identify data science opportunities, have the knowledge, experience and technical skills to leverage internal and external data, and apply the right machine learning/big data technologies to turn such data into valuable insights and solutions for the company. The candidate will be tasked with gathering and integrating large volumes of data to develop complex predictive / machine learning models to drive actionable results and insights especially in the areas of fraud / anomaly detection, claims automation / self service and general efficiency opportunities. This is a highly visible and impactful role where the Data Scientist will interact with the senior and executive level management and have the opportunity to influence what we do and how we do it through data science.

Responsibilities:
Create a collaborative and effective working relationship with functional leaders to understand business problems, identify opportunities / use cases to improve the performance of our businesses
Lead / Contribute to the development of actionable solutions. This includes all aspects of the solution development including problem and goal definition, defining a plan for:
Sampling of the data and conducting experiments
Data extraction
Ingestion and processing (outlier and missing data handling)
Exploratory data analysis
Feature engineering (weight of evidence, label encoding, label count encoding, target encoding, time-series, polynomial interactions, binning, outlier handling)
Feature selection (forward, backwards, information value)
Hyperparameter optimization of machine learning models
Experiment tracking for A/B testing and reproducibility, model evaluation, model interpretability, results communication and deployment
Contribute to the adoption and better understanding across the company of data science best practices and tools and stay up to date regarding new knowledge and developments in this domain
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Core skills in Computer Science: Data Structures, Algorithms, Programming Paradigms and Relational Databases
Deep working experience applying statistics and machine learning techniques to real-world problems and data and deploying models to production
Hands-on experience with SQL and tools to access databases
Expertise in Python and R
Expertise with open source data mining/machine learning/big data programming libraries, models and frameworks (e.g. Pandas, Scikit-Learn, H2O, TSFresh, FeatureTools, MLflow, Shap, Microsoft Interpret, Tensorflow, Statsmodels, Pandas-Profiling, Seaborn, Plotly, Spark, Koalas)
Working experience with cloud computing services such as Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Excellent presentation skills to non-technical Associates communicating complex concepts in terms the audience can understand through understandable language, tables and visualizations
When evaluating the candidate, special attention will be paid to the following competencies:
Intellectual Curiosity and Critical Thinking, necessary to analyze a problem from multiple perspectives and examine the interrelationships between data that may appear superficially unrelated
Autonomous, to own projects end-to-end; ability to work on the entire stack without being dependent on other team members
Focus, to design and test a technique over days and weeks, find it doesn’t work, learn from the failure, and try again
Creativity, to invent and try new approaches to solving a problem
Attention to Detail, in order to maintain rigor and to detect and avoid over-reliance on intuition when examining data
Clear and concise written and oral communication, in order to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear and precise manner
Interpersonal skills, necessary to build good working relationships and work as part of a team
PhD or Masters in Computer Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Math or a related discipline or equivalent skill set",3.8,"JM&A Group
3.8","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
83,Senior Data Engineer,"$67k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta has an immediate need for a Senior Data Engineer to join a fast-paced program in support of a government customer with a very critical national security mission. This is a multi-year program, where the successful candidate will work on an interdisciplinary project team of more than 30 highly qualified individuals with a wide array of skills that include client (reactjs), server (spring java), QA Automation Engineers, UI/UX Designers, and DevOps engineers. The team is responsible for building a next generation Mission Information System and is performing greenfield Software Development using modern technologies via an Agile DevOps approach.

This Senior Data Engineer will play a vital role collaborating as part of this cross-functional Agile team to create and enhance data ingestion pipelines and address big data challenges. The Senior Data Engineer will work closely with the Chief Architect, systems engineers, software engineers, and data scientists on the following key tasks:
Provide Extraction, Transformation, and Load (ETL) experience coupled with enterprise search capabilities to solve Big Data challenges
Design and implement high-volume data ingestion and streaming pipelines using Open Source frameworks like Apache Spark, Flink, Nifi, and Kafka on AWS Cloud
Leverage strategic and analytical skills to understand and solve customer and business centric questions
Create prototypes and proofs of concept for iterative development
Learn new technologies and apply the knowledge in production systems
Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the enterprise data pipelines and the data lake
Partner with various teams to define and execute data acquisition, transformation, processing and make data actionable for operational and analytics initiatives

Required Qualifications / Experience:

BS in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or a related technical field or equivalent experience with at least 8+ years in systems engineering or administration (6+ years with a MS/MIS Degree).
Must have an active Top Secret security clearance and able to obtain a TS/SCI with Polygraph.
3 years of experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, NiFi.
3 years of experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python (preferred) and/or Java.
3 years of experience with and managing data across relational SQL and NoSQL databases like MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, HDFS, Redis, and Elasticsearch.
3 years of experience working in a Linux environment.
2 years of experience working with and designing REST APIs.
Experience in designing/developing platform components like caching, messaging, event processing, automation, transformation and tooling frameworks.
Experience developing data ingest workflows with stream-processing systems: Spark-Streaming, Kafka Streams and/or Flink.
Experience transforming data in various formats, including JSON, XML, CSV, and zipped files.
Experience with performance tuning of ETL jobs.
Experience developing flexible ontologies to fit data from multiple sources and implementing the ontology in the form of database mappings / schemas.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills necessary to work effectively with customers and other team members.

Preferred Qualifications / Experience:

Data engineering experience in the Intelligence Community or other government agencies.
Experience with Microservices architecture components, including Docker and Kubernetes.
Experience developing microservices to fit data cleansing, transformation and enrichment needs.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, S3, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Athena and/or Glue.
Experience with Jira, Confluence and extensive experience with Agile methodologies.
Knowledge about security and best practices.
Experience developing flexible data ingest and enrichment pipelines, to easily accommodate new and existing data sources.
Experience with software configuration management tools such as Git/Gitlab, Salt, Confluence, etc.
Experience with continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) pipelines and their enabling tools such as Jenkins, Nexus, etc.
Detailed oriented/self-motivated with the ability to learn and deploy new technology quickly.

Clearance Level: TS/SCI with Poly

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Reston, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
84,Senior Data Analyst,"$40k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Data Analyst*
Responsibilities will focus on providing detailed financial and operational reporting as well as enhancing, creating and analysis of key performance indications via push reporting form a data warehouse.

DUTIES
Maintain the data warehouse, the data warehouse infrastructure, ETL pipelines from enterprise systems to the data warehouse, and the integrity of the data therein.
Hands-on experience working with MS SQL Server (MySQL, Hive and SSIS are a plus)
Building SQL reports and dashboards that interpret data to expose patterns and trends.
Automating the collection of data from available sources while identifying new opportunities for automation.
Assist in developing and tracking relevant business metrics that help drive business success, as well as the periodic communications of those metrics to key stakeholders.
Help with in-depth periodic analysis of business metrics and variance analysis.
Ensure all data warehouse reporting reconciles to existing management systems.
Aid in the preparation and development of detailed budgets and forecasts, including P&L, cash flow, and balance sheet projections on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis.
Complete ad hoc analysis as needed.
Provide input to the management team as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS
Degree in accounting, finance or quantitative discipline preferred.
Minimum of 3 years’ experience in FP&A, Business Analytics or Corporate Strategy
STARTING SALARY RANGE: $75,000

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $75,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Analytics, Strategy or FP&A: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.hmespecialists.com
Work Remotely:
No",3.2,"HME SPECIALISTS, LLC
3.2","Albuquerque, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
85,RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - RESEARCH ENGINEER - SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - DIGITAL SIGNAL PROCESSING,"$61k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. Collaborate in a dynamic team environment, analyzing, designing, developing, testing and fielding software for various types of aircraft. Responsibilities and activities include participating in software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Participating in requirements analysis and development, developing and reviewing software design, implementation, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Leading software development tasks and teams. Developing new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Collaborate with the team and work independently. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (with a focus in Computer Science) with 2-7 experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience in software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have the working knowledge of solid software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing, software/hardware integration, and software documentation. Experience in embedded real-time RTOS application development as well as cyber detection is required. Experience with VxWorks RTOS environments, and cyber threat detection application development is highly desirable. Experience developing with Python or Java as well as experience with avionics applications is a strong plus. Must have strong technical communication skills. Candidates with a demonstrated track record filling software lead role with increasing responsibility in the areas of design, task planning, and delegation are highly desirable. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Dayton, Ohio. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Dayton, Ohio


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Dayton, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
86,Medical Laboratory Scientist or Medical Lab Tech / Lab Core,"$13-$27 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","We’re searching for a Medical Laboratory Scientist, performs patient laboratory testing, instrument calibration, maintenance troubleshooting, quality control testing, and equipment function verification in the areas of Hematology, Microscopy, Coagulation, Chemistry, Microbiology, Virology and Serology. Reports and interprets laboratory test results. Advises and consults with the Medical Staff, nursing staff, and laboratory staff.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Performs laboratory tests on patient specimens in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Microscopy, Coagulation, Microbiology, Virology and Serology to assist in identifying medical disorders and to monitor ongoing patient therapy.
Utilizes LIS for reporting patient results, documenting quality control and distribution of data.
Checks instrument calibration and reagent reactivity by assaying quality control specimens to assure accurate patient test results.
Evaluates results of patient testing, quality control and survey testing, takes appropriate action to prevent compromises in patient care.
Participates throughout the calendar year in proficiency testing.
Performs troubleshooting, function checks and maintenance procedures to keep equipment and instruments in proper working order.
Maintains adequate inventory levels and stocking of supplies and reagents.
Supports new staff in training as necessary.
Prepares specimens to be sent to referral laboratories and reports test results as they are returned.
Consults with physicians, nurses and other healthcare professionals concerning requested services and test results.
Performs the duties of Charge Technologist as stated in the Policies and Procedures Manual when assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in Medical Laboratory Science or related science, which includes a one-year internship in an approved clinical laboratory required.

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS

Current and valid Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLS) or equivalent certification with the American Society of Clinical Pathology or other equivalent certifying agency required, within 6 months of hire.

EOE/Vets/Disabled

ref 9809

We’re searching for a Medial Lab Technician, under the direction of a Medical Laboratory Scientist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech performs patient laboratory testing, instrument calibration, maintenance troubleshooting, quality control testing, and equipment function verification in the areas of Hematology, Microscopy, Coagulation, Chemistry, Microbiology, Virology and Serology. Reports and interprets laboratory test results. Advises and consults with the Medical Staff, nursing staff, and laboratory staff.

Essential Functions

· Under direction of a Medical Technologist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech, performs laboratory tests on patient specimens in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Microscopy, Coagulation, Microbiology, Virology and Serology to assist in identifying medical disorders and to monitor ongoing patient therapy.

· Utilizes LIS for reporting patient results, documenting quality control and distribution of data.

· Following the guidance of a Medical Technologist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech, checks instrument calibration and reagent reactivity by assaying quality control specimens to assure accurate patient test results.

· With oversight of a Medical Technologist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech, evaluates results of patient testing, quality control and survey testing, takes appropriate action to prevent compromises in patient care.

· Participates throughout the calendar year in proficiency testing.

· Performs troubleshooting, function checks and maintenance procedures to keep equipment and instruments in proper working order

· Maintains adequate inventory levels and stocking of supplies and reagents.

· Supports new staff in training as necessary.

· Obtains blood specimens from patients using standardized capillary or venipuncture procedures as ordered by the physician.

· Consults with physicians, nurses and other healthcare professionals concerning requested services and test results.

Performs other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Associate’s degree from an accredited college or university in Medical Laboratory or related science required.

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS

Current and valid Medical Laboratory Technician certification with the American Society of Clinical Pathology or other equivalent certifying agency required, within 6 months of hire.

EOE/Vets/Disabled
About Children's Hospital

When you work at Children’s, you’re part of a treasured place of healing in the Omaha community—and beyond. Join our team of highly engaged, caring professionals who believe deeply in the organization’s mission—to improve the life of every child. We support equity, diversity and inclusion, and as you apply your skills and expertise to helping children, you too will have opportunities to grow your career. In 2021, we’ll open the new Hubbard Center for Children, tripling our capacity to serve children.

When children are your everything, anything can be…",3.6,"Children's Hospital & Medical Center
3.6","Omaha, NE",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
87,Senior Data Scientist,"$89k-$149k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Data Scientist independently develops statistical models that will enable future growth and profitability for our book of business through appropriate pricing and underwriting of risk. He/she is responsible for the formulation of statistical models and direct application of models to address insurance business issues. You will start your Senior Data Scientist role at home and then transition to working in our Woodbridge, NJ office when it reopens.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Produces complex predictive models which enable the creation of rating plans and evaluation of risk and profitability.
Develops studies that evaluate new business models for customer retention and growth initiatives as well as estimate the lifetime value of customer segments.
Identifies drivers of insurance costs, understanding the economics of customers’ behavior and estimating the expected losses for segments of risks using advanced statistical and analytical techniques on large data sets.
Develop or participate in the development of the overall analytical framework to support the company’s strategy for growth
Communicates analysis, strategy and recommendations to diverse audiences, including technical and non-technical.
Collaborates with upper management to assess the potential effects of proposed solutions and incorporates these considerations into recommendations.
Manages projects of high complexity.
Perform other job-related duties as assigned.
Advanced skills and training in predictive modeling, data mining and other quantitative and research analytics (Non-Linear Regression Analysis, Multivariate Analysis, Bayesian Methods, Generalized Linear Models, Decision Trees, Non Parametric estimations, etc.).
Ability to apply various predictive modeling techniques to develop solutions to various real-world problems.
Hands-on experience developing and delivering structured, methodology projects.
Exceptional programming ability in SAS, SQL, R or other programming languages.
Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills.
In-depth understanding of database principles and experience working with large databases.
Ability to influence and guide across departmental boundaries.
Qualifications and Education
3 or more years of experience developing and implementing multivariate predictive models using GLM and other statistical methods. PhD in economics, statistics, or related field required.
Or in the alternative, a Master’s degree in Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field (foreign educational equivalent accepted) and five (5) years of experience as indicated above.
High level of organizational and project management experience handling multiple projects simultaneously
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Woodbridge, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
88,Epitaxy Scientist,"$36k-$88k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Responsibilities
Develop, optimize and characterize III-nitride LED epi structures
Improve epi material quality and LED performance
Analyze growth and characterization data and correlate to device performance
Lead epi development projects to improve epi and chip yield
Summarize R&D results and prepare reports
Transfer new developments to production
Make recommendations for new/improved characterization techniques to solve material and device issues
Make suggestions for MOCVD hardware improvements
Other duties as assigned
Minimum Requirements
PhD/MS in Material Science, Electrical Engineering or other related science or engineering discipline
PhD with 2+ years or MS with 5+ years of hands-on experience with MOCVD nitride epitaxy and material characterization techniques (XRD, AFM, SEM, TEM, PL, etc.)
Strong background in semiconductor material science and epitaxial growth
US Citizen or Permanent Resident
Skill Requirements
Strong self initiative and motivation
Must be organized, detailed, and thorough
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Ability to summarize data and prepare reports
EEO Statement

Sensor Electronic Technology, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be provided equal consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, genetic information, military status, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or protected veteran status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
SETi
Company's Facebook page:
SETi
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"Sensor Electronic Technology, Inc
3.1","Columbia, SC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
89,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst,"$45k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Overview:

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for turning data into knowledge, enabling business decisions.

Specific Duties Include:
Partnering with the user community to create new business intelligence, reporting and data analysis solutions.
Maintaining existing software systems related to business intelligence, reporting and data analysis.
Identify improvements to existing business intelligence, reporting and data analysis.
Capture, develop, and document data definitions, business rules, and data quality requirements.
Build and maintain ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) and integration processes.
Validate data delivered to user community.
Ensure compliance with Protolabs data and software policies and procedures.
Monitor software systems to ensure reliability and accuracy of information loaded into the databases.
Maintain all documentation related to database objects, source systems, and operations.
Conduct complex, important work under minimal supervision and with wide latitude for independent judgment.
Minimum Qualifications:
6+ years of experience working in software engineering
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server
Experience with Domo
Experience with PowerBI
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS)
Ability to work on multiple project concurrently
Ability to manage time effectively
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast paced, collaborative environment
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field
Preferred Qualifications:
Previous leadership experience preferred
Knowledge of document databases including Raven
Previous experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX
Previous experience with Salesforce
Software development in a continuous integration and continuous deployment environment
Proto Labs maintains ITAR-compliant operations in all of our United States based facilities. Due to ITAR regulations, this role is only open to U.S. Citizens, lawful permanent residents (green card holders) or foreign nationals granted refugee or asylee status. Individuals with temporary visas (e.g. E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, TN or OPT) are not eligible for hire in this role.

Proto Labs, Inc. is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer",3.8,"Protolabs
3.8","Morrisville, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
90,Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations,"$120k-$193k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Job Title: Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations

City: Lake Forest / State: Illinois

Job Description

Join Reynolds Consumer Products… a world of opportunities! At Reynolds Consumer Products, we are passionate about achieving results and have fun winning as a team! We provide amazing job opportunities for growth with competitive salaries and benefits in an exciting, dynamic, fast-paced, and fun workplace environment. Are you looking to build a strong career and make a positive impact? Then we have an opportunity for you! We currently have an opportunity for an Operations Senior Data Scientist to join our team located at our Company Headquarters in Lake Forest, IL.

Your Role:

As an Operations Senior Data Scientist, you will primarily be responsible for solving operations problems by processing and analyzing data from multiple sources to identify meaningful relationships, patterns and trends. You will prepare data insights and proposals in narrative and visual forms and leverage advanced data science methods to discover opportunities to increase equipment effectiveness, reduce costs and provide insights to plants on process disruptions. You will have the opportunity to:
Improve the manufacturing process by formulating hypotheses, conducting experiments and delivering improvements to KPIs based on findings
Maintain and tune analytical models to predict and monitor the condition of plant equipment
Influence manufacturing decision makers by presenting statistical insights
Ensure our manufacturing operations operate at peak efficiency
Ultimately, you will be a vitally important team member in our Digital Manufacturing Group and help Reynolds Consumer Products succeed by leveraging data insights.

You will love it here if…
You are not only a team-player, but you foster a collaborative team environment
You are analytic, enjoy new challenges and thrive in a fast paced manufacturing operation
You are committed to operational excellence and to keeping others safe in the workplace
We need you to have:
A strong proficiency in statistical analysis methods and tools, e.g., Python, Machine Learning
3-5 years of experience in data model development, data visualization, and application of advanced analytics to drive business outcomes
3-5 years of experience in the design and implementation of data infrastructures and data hierarchies
Experience in AWS Analytics platform
SQL query skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
BA/BS in Data Analytics, Engineering, Business, or a related field
Icing on the cake:
Experience developing and implementing predictive maintenance and predictive quality models
Data visualization skills in Power BI
Prior experience working in operations research or related field, e.g., Industrial Engineering or Manufacturing
For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer that complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is The Law Poster: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

The Pay Transparency Policy Statement can be found on this link:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html

The poster and the supplement can be found on this link.

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm

For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.",3.6,"Reynolds Consumer Products
3.6","Lake Forest, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
91,Senior Bioinformataics Scientist OB/Gyn Research,"$224k-$446k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Bioinformatics Scientist OB/GYN Research Needed!

This is a unique opportunity to conduct bioinformatic analysis on research projects for Inova, the region’s leading non-profit healthcare provider in the Northern Virginia area recognized in 2019 by U.S. News & World Report.

Position Highlights:
• Recognized leader: 923-bed nationally recognized regional medical center.
• Team Member centric: We create an environment or respect and growth, where contributions are recognized and rewarded.

What You Will Do:
• Conduct bioinformatic analysis on research projects.
• Develop new analytic approaches to complex human diseases, such as cancer, diabetes and heart disease.
What You Will Need:
• Candidates for this position will have an MD, Ph.D. or Master’s in Computer Science, Bioinformatics or related field.
• Experience working with large scale biomedical data and hands on experience developing software or information systems to manage and analyze biomedical data.
• PREFERRED: Hands-on experience working with Next and Third generation sequence data, proteomic data and microarray data from a tremendous breadth of clinical areas to gain new insights into human disease.
• Ability to interact with team members for project coordination
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Strong software development skills
• Experience working with terabytes of translational biomedical data
• Strong informatics skills to include the use of programming and/or scripting languages such as Python, Perl, java, C/C++, and R.
• A Strong knowledge base of bioinformatics principles

M/F/Vets/Disabled

#LI-MT1
IND2
#LI-BQ1

IND2
#LI-KD1

Requirements

MD, PhD or Masters in Computer science, Bioinformatics or related field.

At Inova, safety is the foundation of everything we do. You’re always safe at Inova.

Our commitment to quality starts with the safety of our team members. We safeguard our patients, by safeguarding our employees.

Our commitment to keeping patients safe, means there’s no safer place for you to work.

 Inova is well stocked with the best and latest PPE

 Masks are provided to patients entering our buildings, and offered free to visitors

 Covid-19 patients are isolated in dedicated areas

 Inova operates curbside Covid-19 testing sites that are far removed from the main facilities

 All team members are trained in the latest screening guidelines

Work Site Location

INOVA FAIRFAX MEDICAL CAMPUS",3.5,"Inova Health System
3.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1956,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
92,Data Scientist,-1,"Artlin Consulting is seeking motivated individuals who are passionate about helping clients achieve excellence. Qualified candidates will have a creative, holistic, and systematic approach to problem-solving.

The intermediate data scientist with solid data analytics and science expertise. The Defense Acquisition Data Scientist will be a key contributor on an Executive-level Department of Defense Analytic team, leveraging knowledge of data science, methodologies, and processing techniques to support analytics and gather data from disparate Federal, Defense and public databases in support of Major Weapon System acquisition and program management. As the Data Scientist, you will work with Department leadership and a diverse analytical research cell.

Position Responsibilities:
Leverage technical and analytical expertise to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Apply technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Create informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Document and visualize data both temporally and spatially, and present data to managers.
Create and provide informational briefings that are required to explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Investigate and implement new scientific analysis and methodologies to support data analytics efforts and stay current with evolving technologies and capabilities.
Complete ad hoc data extract and reporting tasks as requested by organizational leaders.
Perform data extracts and loads from source data systems to analytical data stores.
Work with business leaders to solve business problems by understanding, preparing, and analyzing data to predict emerging trends and provide recommendations to optimize business results.
Experience Level:
Bachelor's Degree Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or other business-related field, Master's Degree preferred
2+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience, DoD/Federal Government experience preferred.
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment
Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audience
Proven ability working successfully in a collaborative and diverse environment
Experience interacting with Senior Leadership
Secret Security Clearance and above for this role
Tools and Proficiency Level:
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar - Required
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar - Desired
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational systems
Big data and cloud processing experience
Experience working in a cloud based environment
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint
MS Access, SQL Server, SharePoint, and Visual Basic programming knowledge is a plus
Position Overview:
Applies technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Creates informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Required Education/Experience/Skills:
Active DoD Secret security clearance.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
2+ years of relevant work experience.
Strong team-building skills as well as confidence when working with senior leadership and peers.
Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) Tools such as MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar.
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting, and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational system.
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint.
Desired Education/Experience/Skills:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar.
Big data and cloud processing experience.
SQL Database experience.
DoD/Federal Government experience.
Artlin Consulting, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.1,"Artlin Consulting
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
93,"Senior Scientist, Research and Development",-1,"Directed Genomics is looking for a Senior Scientist to join our dynamic, collaborative team developing cutting-edge genomic technologies in Ipswich, MA. As part of our R&D group focusing on the development of novel target enrichment and other library preparation solutions for Next Generation Sequencing, key responsibilities will include:

· Developing and optimizing new NGS library preparation methods

· Establishing product specifications and quality controls

· Performing data analysis and reporting

· Developing standard protocols

· Developing novel applications independently and in collaboration with customers

· Collaborating with bioinformaticians, software engineers, and partners

· Providing technical support for customers and the production team

Requirements:

· 2+ years of laboratory experience with Next Generation Sequencing

· Extensive research experience in molecular biology and genetics

· Experience in assay design and analysis

· Ability to solve complex problems independently and as part of a team

· Ability to work on multiple projects concurrently in a fast-paced environment

· Ability to work collaboratively and communicate well with the group

· Applications and/or product development experience preferred

· Experience with bioinformatics tools desirable

· Some unix/linux experience preferred

· Ph.D. required

To apply, please submit a cover letter and CV.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.directedgenomics.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Directed Genomics,"Ipswich, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
94,"Data Scientist, Cloud Business Operations","$111k-$176k
(Glassdoor Est.)","53303

About NetApp

NetApp provides software, systems, and services to manage, store and share data via on-premises, and private and public clouds to customers worldwide. NetApp is emerging as a leader in providing public cloud services on all major cloud platforms, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft , and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). These cloud services, such as Cloud Volumes; Cloud Insights, Virtual Desktop Service, Global File Cache, SaaS backup, and Spot, avails customers to consider many more options on how and where to manage their critical workloads and data for optimal business and financial outcomes. The NetApp Public Cloud Services business unit is at the forefront of our effort to transform NetApp into a leader in the cloud market.
Job Summary
About the Position

This Cloud Business Operations Data Scientist will be the primary go to person for all of NetApp Public Cloud Services needs for analyzing tons of cloud services usage and billing data to derive intelligent business insights for enabling NetApp’s highest growth business. This person will be an expert in both understanding the data, as well as architecting and developing business logic and code to deliver automation in business intelligence. This is a highly technical role with deep understanding of Azure programming, R, SQL databases, visualization on Tableau, and scripting, along with years of experience in cloud services business operations. Knowledge of public cloud-based transactions on the top 3 cloud provider marketplaces (AWS, Azure and GCP) is a must, along with experience and understanding of integrations with internal systems for CRM, CPQ, Subscriptions Billing and Finance.

This role will coordinate with product management, IT and operations, and other NetApp functions including sales, marketing, and finance to understand, analyze and improve product pricing, SKU design, and transaction processing of our existing cloud offerings and upcoming innovations. This role will also act as the primary operations liaison between product management teams and business operations. The right person for this role has deep understanding of public cloud marketplace transaction processing, billing, metering, and revenue/usage reporting. This person also has extensive experience in dealing with cross-functional business requirements and engaging with key stakeholders at both the executive/VP level and with delivery teams.
Job Requirements
Key Responsibilities
Analyze usage and billing data from multiple sources to derive business intelligence
Develop business logic and write code to automate BI output
Design and develop visualization dashboards in Tableau
Understand public cloud marketplace transaction processes and provide guidance to business operations teams on implementation best practices
Leverage business insights to provide guidance to product management for pricing and transaction processing design
Skills and Qualifications
10+ years of experience working with various cloud providers, software vendors and/or consulting organizations
5+ years of experience in data analysis and business insights
5+ years of experience in Azure programming, R, SQL databases and Tableau
Understanding of enterprise cloud solutions and related technical offerings
Collaborative personality; comfortable working across many functions and teams, and engaging with senior executives
A creative go-getter who is full of ideas and can execute on those ideas in a fast-paced, demanding environment with excellent interpersonal and social skills
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.
Travel Required

20% (includes domestic and int.)
Education
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.

Nearest Major Market: San Jose
Nearest Secondary Market: Palo Alto
Job Segment:
Operations Manager, Scientific, Database, Cloud, Operations, Engineering, Technology

Apply now »",3.7,"NetApp
3.7","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1992,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
95,Digital Data Scientist,"$50k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","WHY WE WILL LOVE YOU

• Knowledge of data set processes for data modeling, mining and production, as well as visualization tools including Tableau
• Knowledge of at least one building block of artificial intelligence
• Knowledge of machine learning development languages including R and/or Python and other developments in a fast moving data technology landscape e.g. Hive or Hadoop
• Knowledge of DevOps and agile development practices
• Exposure to development of industrialized analytical software products
• Knowledge of IKEAs corporate identity, core values and vision of creating a better everyday life for the many people
• Passionate about the possibilities of data and its value for business
• Deeply motivated to continuously develop and enhance programming skills and knowledge of machine learning and AI applications
• Energized by working both independently and interdependently with the architecture network and cross functions
• Appreciate the mix of strategic thinking and turning architecture trends into practice
• Share and live the IKEA culture and values

QUALIFICATIONS

• Proven training in computer engineering, computer science, econometrics, mathematics or equivalent
• Experience and knowledge of working with large datasets and distributed computing architectures
• Knowledge of coding in R and/or Python and development of artificial intelligence applications
• Experience in statistical analysis and statistical software
• Experience in data processing and analysis
• Experience in working in an Agile or DevOps working set-up
• Experience in software engineering
• Knowledge of IKEA Brand, culture, values and way of working

WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING DAY TO DAY

• Performs work with care, accuracy, and attention to detail and strives to meet quality standards
• Ability to work with large amounts of raw data and feel comfortable with working with different programming languages
• High intellectual curiosity with ability to develop new knowledge and skills and use new concepts, methods, digital systems and processes to improve performance
• Ability to provide input to user-story prioritization as appropriate based on new ideas, approaches, and strategies
• Collaborates with others (incl. virtual) to achieve goals
• Ability to understand the complexity of IKEA business and the role of data and information as an integrated part of the business
• Develop the business and deliver results
• Lead and develop people

We’re the ones who make it possible for people to have a smarter life at home and a hassle-free and rewarding shopping experience. Together we work to find new digital solutions for every business need to help make IKEA a great and efficient place to work. We like to think of ourselves as innovative and modern, and we believe that nothing would actually work without us.

Some other stuff

Travel required: Less than 10%",3.6,"IKEA
3.6","Conshohocken, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1943,Company - Private,Home Furniture & Housewares Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
96,Data Scientist - Defense & Intelligence,"$63k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","DATA SCIENTIST – Defense & Intelligence

Home Office is: Arlington, VA

Elder Research Inc. is a Data Science consulting firm specialized in providing analytic solutions to clients in Commercial and Government industries. Providing analytic solutions to hundreds of companies across numerous industries, our team enjoys a great variety in the type of work they do and exposure to a wide range of techniques and tools

We are trusted advisors to our clients, building lasting relationships and partnering as preferred analytics providers. We use a variety of programming languages and tools to create analytic solutions, often fitting within our clients’ environment and needs.

Summary of Position:

As a Data Scientist, you will work directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems. You will primarily create and deploy predictive models from a wide variety of data sources and types using the latest mathematical and statistical methods.

Essential Functions:

Exploration, cleaning, and wrangling to understand available data
Meetings and discussions with clients and co-workers to refine understanding of the business problem at hand
Trying different predictive modeling approaches to identify the best fit for a given set of business understanding, available data, and project timeline
Writing re-usable code in R, Python, Java, Scala, SQL, or other languages, and working to refine it through code review and discussion
Applying statistics to understand the significance of different attributes
Preparing presentations, writing reports, and working to communicate technical results to clients with varying levels of analytic sophistication
Ability to work independently in a collaborative, dynamic, cross-functional environment
Travel to and work on-site at clients both local and non-local. Number of days at client site vary depending on project requirements.

Job Specifications/Requirements:

Bachelor of Science degree or Masters degree in Operation Research, Industrial Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science or related fields.
Current TS or active within the past 2 years
Proficient with one of more of the following programming languages (Java, C++, Python, R)
Demonstrated experience applying data science methods to real-world problems.
Knowledge and experience in data wrangling, advanced statistical data analysis and modeling
Capable of communicating complex models and concepts in non-technical language
Comfortable learning new things and working outside of your comfort zone
Strong English-speaking and writing skills

Desired Skills

3+ years of experience in a data science role
Experience working with some of the following technologies: AWS/C2S, Solr, NoSQL databases (MongoDB, DynamoDB, Redis, HBase, Cassandra, Accumulo, Neo4j, etc.), Caffe/TensorFlow/Keras/etc, Hadoop, Spark, Pig
Experience building models and tools to help analysts understand data and answer intelligence questions
Experience using Data Science libraries in Python or R: tidyverse, NumPy, SciPy, Pandas
Familiarity with commercial and open source data science software: IBM SPSS Modeler, SAS, KNIME, RapidMiner, Statistica
Familiarity with software development (Scala, C#, Java, JavaScript, etc.)
Familiarity with relational databases, Oracle, SQL, and ETL tools
Security+ certified
Proficiency with unsupervised, semi-supervised, and supervised learning algorithms and technologies.
Domain expertise: counterintelligence, insider threat, intelligence data sources (HUMINT, SIGINT, IMINT, and OSINT)

About Elder Research, Inc

Elder Research is a fast growing consulting firm specializing in predictive analytics. Being in the data mining business over 20 years, we pride ourselves in our ability to find creative, cutting edge solutions to real-world problems. In keeping with our entrepreneurial spirit, we want candidates who are self-motivated with an innate curiosity and strong team work. We work hard to provide the best value to our clients and allow each person to contribute their ideas and put their skills to use immediately.

Elder Research believes in continuous learning; each week the entire company attends a “Tech Talk” followed by an office lunch. Elder Research provides a supportive work environment with established parental, bereavement, and PTO policies. By prioritizing a healthy work-life balance - with reasonable hours, solid pay, low travel, and extremely flexible time off - Elder Research enables and encourages its employees to serve others.

Elder Research, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.",3.8,"Elder Research Inc
3.8","Arlington, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
97,Sr Data Scientist,-1,"We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to work with one of our US-based clients, which is one of the oldest and most trusted sources of global and financial news. In addition to print news, our client owns one of the most popular websites in the world and diversified its business across a range of media including information services, book publishing, and digital real estate services.

The team will be architecting a highly-scalable platform to power data acquisition, categorization, calculations, and visualization.
You are the one if you have:
At least five years of experience working in data analysis and data mining
Experience using R and Python
Knowledge in business intelligence
Proven experience regarding data and server security and manipulating large amounts of survey data
Strong communications skills
AdTech experience is a plus
Text Mining and Sentiment Analysis is a big plus
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Scientist role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
98,Data Scientist,"$60k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We have an opportunity for a Data Scientist to join our talented Data Analytics team. The successful candidate will work with customers and the engagement team to support the project management, project data analysis, process improvement, data conversion, and integration needs of our federal customer.

Typical responsibilities include
Collecting large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources.
Cleaning and validating data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity.
Analyzing data to identify patterns and trends.
Developing solutions and integrating, extending, and contributing to Open Source software
Devising and applying models and algorithms to mine the stores of big data.
Interpreting data to discover solutions and opportunities.
Requirements
Active Secret Clearance
Strong client engagement skills
Experience with languages such as Python, R, SAS, and SQL
Experience with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab
Experience with designing, developing, and deploying analytic software and algorithms
BS degree in Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or another quantitative discipline
Desired skills
Experience with open source Big Data tools including Apache Spark or Apache NiFi
Experience with entity resolution
Experience with Natural Language Processing using modern deep learning techniques
Benefits

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies:
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US

NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.

ACCESSIBILITY NOTE

NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"").",4.2,"NetImpact Strategies
4.2","Vienna, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
99,Data Scientist,"$78k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist*
Want to join a fast-growing company that is also recognized as Best Workplace in the Mortgage Industry with career growth potential? Network Capital has experienced explosive growth since its inception in 2002 as a leading Real Estate Finance company with offices in Los Angeles, Irvine, Miami and New York. Bring your talent and join our fun, high energy, fast paced environment*.*
*INC Magazine *rare Honor Roll award for Fastest Growing Companies, 6 years
*Fortune Magazine* Best Workplaces in Financial Services & Insurance – 2020
*Mortgage Executive Magazine *award for Top 100 Mortgage Companies, 2 years
Endorsed by Largest Mortgage Radio Show in the Nation with over 4 million weekly listeners
_Check out our video here: http://youtu.be/ivKRqyBGGLA_

_\*_Call or text our recruiter, Shay, now! (760) 338-5851\*
Job Overview: *
You, curious, detailed oriented, self-starter who can turn a vision into something tangible. Network Capital is looking for a data scientist to help bootstrap our data track. From traditional database management to dataset training your will be involved at every step of the data lifecycle. The ideal candidate will be at ease with cloud infrastructure, you like to automate repetitive tasks because let’s be honest it can be boring to click through the same screens over and over. If denormalized, supervised, unsupervised, clustering, standard deviation are in your everyday vocabulary, and you don’t mind getting your hands dirty, this is a job for you!
Responsibilities: *
Mine data and present statistics to optimize the company’s decision making
Interpret findings and present recommendations to management and stakeholders to create marketing plans
Build new KPI’s to continually refine data results and future analytic processes
Design data system to better improve acquisition costs and retention
Communicate with engineers and management to better understand the company’s needs and provide effective product solutions
Continually analyze and provide recommendations for data requests
Perform other duties as assigned
Requirements: *
5 years of Data Scientist experience
Strong problem-solving skills and an ability to stay organized in a fast-paced work environment
Experience with statistical modeling, clustering, regression analysis, machine learning
Possess an inclination towards business operations
Effectively collaborate with senior management
Experience with the following programs/software: Python, C#, Visio, Azure, AWS
Experience with BI tools - PowerBI, Tableau
Experience with the following database - SQL Server, MySQL
Benefits: *
Competitive pay and amazing company culture
Health, Dental, Vision insurance, 401k, Life insurance
If you have the qualification, please apply and we will be in contact soon!*
Job Type: Full-time

_Network Capital is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. It is our intent to maintain a work environment which is free of harassment, discrimination and retaliation due to age, race religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and/or related medical conditions), gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state or local laws. Should you require assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at (949) 408-2814._

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $200,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Science: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Fully Remote
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Yes",4.0,"Network Capital Funding Corporation
4.0","Irvine, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
100,Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Deep Learning & Algorithms),"$74k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB TITLE

Research Engineer-Deep Learning Theory and Algorithms
Requisition ID

DSA31988
OVERVIEW
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. in San Diego is searching for research engineers at all levels. Candidate will work as part of a team on research and development of algorithms and theory of machine learning. Candidate will research fundamental theoretical aspects of deep learning as well as develop novel techniques to advance the theory and practice of deep learning. Candidate can also apply the developed theory and algorithms to advance the performance of multimedia applications, such as computer vision, augmented reality, natural language processing, or speech processing.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Understand state of the art machine/deep learning concepts, theory, and applications.
Research algorithms and theory of learning.
Develop machine/deep learning algorithms for mobile processors.
Develop simulators and analyze the performance.
Produce key intellectual property for machine/deep learning.

REQUIRED SKILLS
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Expertise in machine/deep learning, optimization, probability theory, statistical inference, information theory, signal processing, and/or image processing
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
C/C++, Python, and/or MATLAB coding skills
Publications in highly ranked journals and conferences
PhD is required

PREFERRED SKILLS
Experience on popular deep learning frameworks

*********************************************************************************************************************** Samsung Semiconductor Inc (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays. ***********************************************************************************************************************
Learn more about Samsung Semiconductor here.

A day in the life Samsung Video

Samsung Semiconductor Career Page",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
101,"Data Scientist, Medical Diagnostics",-1,"_*The Company*_
The world is facing a medical crisis, bacteria are increasingly evolving resistance to even our strongest antibiotics. The problem is already very real and immediate; for example, bloodstream infection leading to sepsis is now responsible for more than half of all deaths in hospitals and is the most expensive condition treated in hospitals. Sepsis mortality rate increases >6% every hour without effective antibiotic treatment. Yet, despite the life and death urgency, and healthcare cost impacts, current methodologies require 3 days to determine the correct antibiotic.

Specific Diagnostics has developed a breakthrough solution to rapidly determine the effective antibiotic treatment for bloodstream and other acute infections. Used for bloodstream infection Specific’s solution provides results 2 days sooner than existing methods, saving patients suffering from drug-resistant infection.

We have been funded by nearly $30 M in non-dilutive government sponsored research support and recently $17.5 M in venture capital. This is an opportunity to join us at an inflection point in our commercial growth as we bring our first key product to market and with recognition from major customers fueling an expansion of our staff.
_The Job*_
_*_*This is the job for you if want to be where your ideas to be central to a world-changing and lifesaving product. Data science and analytics are at the core of our company we are seeking an exceptional talent to join our team. You will be a key contributor and critical to the success of the company. The main analysis tasks you are expected to contribute to are:
Analytical methods and statistical analysis for processing high-volume, temporal high-dimensional data streams generated in real-time from our proprietary sensor technology.
The development of data-driven visualization tools for the explorative analysis of high-dimensional data.
The application and development of suitable pre-processing, feature-selection and dimensional reduction techniques to detect, measure and account for data artifacts.
The development and validation of applications for a medical instrument built under the guidance of a senior manager experienced in the application development discipline (so you’ll be learning the valuable skill of integrating your work into applications for medical diagnostic devices).
Algorithm development for decisions and measurements from multi-dimensional data streams.
This is not the job for a numbers only person. We want someone with a passion for and experience in the sciences that will lead you to look deeply into the sources of the data along with the scientists so that the data analysis is influenced by the science of our diagnostic technology and the science is influenced by the analysis.
_You_*
You have a proven track record of successfully developing, validating and deploying data analysis and analytical methods to solve challenging real-world applications. You are deeply familiar with a broad range of analytical models and are at the pulse of developments in the field. Ideally you have proven expertise in the analysis of spatio-temporal data. You have a strong domain knowledge in the field of statistical analysis and signal processing. You should have a track record of success in your education and projects and have these characteristics and skills:
MS degree in computer sciences, biomedical engineering, or related field and at least 5 years of interesting relevant experience.
Expert in R and proficient with C++ and Python.
Expertise in analytical methods and statistical analysis.
Proficiency in SQL as well as NoSQL database technologies a plus.
Full fluency (verbal and written) of the English language is a must.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Experience:
relavent: 2 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",1.0,"Specific Diagnostics
1.0","Mountain View, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
102,Genomic Curator Quality Scientist,-1,"Job Title: * Genomic Curator Quality Scientist
Department: *Product
Reports to: *VP Product & Engineering
Position Type: *Full Time Non-Exempt
PRIORITY RESPONSIBILITY*
Expand and maintain Golden Helix’s lead as curators of the largest repository of clinical and research genomic data. Master the capabilities of Golden Helix genomic analysis software to ensure the quality of new and changing features in conjunction with the development efforts of the product team.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES*
Genomic Data Curator *
Understand and make editorial decisions on genomic data source to prepare them for use in clinical genetic testing and research contexts
Wrangle raw genomic data files into forms ready for usage in Golden Helix software
Write one-off scripts to manipulate and harmonize genomic data for product integration
Write code or run existing tools to simulated genomic datasets that exercise the software feature under test
Write blog posts on new capabilities, FAQs and data curation achievements
Product Quality *
Help develop and run a quality process that covers Golden Helix’s products and bundled data
Master the new and changing capabilities of Golden Helix’s software to ensure their quality
Discover edge cases, off-by-one issues, resource limitations, and rare conditions in which the product does not perform nominally.
Prepare technical documentation for genomic scientists and clinical geneticists to perform their duties using Golden Helix software
Work closely with the product team in the entire lifecycle of bugs and issues.
Investigate customer problems referred by Field Application Scientists.
Other duties as directed.
QUALIFICATIONS*
_Must have ability to work for any US employer without restrictions_
PhD or equivalent experience in Molecular Biology, Cancer Biology, Oncological Science, Molecular Genetics or related field. A M.S. in Bioinformatics with hands on research experience and NGS domain expertise also encouraged to apply.
Exquisite attention to detail, with a knack for identifying discrepancies or mistakes
Experience in Python and command line bash shell scripting or equivalent
Track record of written and oral communication experience, such as publications, grant applications and conference presentations
Well organized, task-oriented and willingness to take ownership of the quality of a complex product, including performing manual and hands-on tests.
MEASUREMENTS*
The Genomic Curator Quality Scientist will be measured on:
Correct transformation and representation of curated data sources
Quality of products in versioned releases
Timely completion of tasks in regards to the software release schedule.
Contact Information*
If you are interested in this challenging and rewarding position with a fun and exciting company, please send us your resume and cover letter. We look forward to hearing from you!

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
data curation: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Location:
Bozeman, MT 59715 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
What script language knowledge do you have?
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.goldenhelix.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Golden Helix Inc,"Bozeman, MT",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
103,Genomic Curator Quality Scientist,-1,"Job Title: * Genomic Curator Quality Scientist
Department: *Product
Reports to: *VP Product & Engineering
Position Type: *Full Time Non-Exempt
PRIORITY RESPONSIBILITY*
Expand and maintain Golden Helix’s lead as curators of the largest repository of clinical and research genomic data. Master the capabilities of Golden Helix genomic analysis software to ensure the quality of new and changing features in conjunction with the development efforts of the product team.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES*
Genomic Data Curator *
Understand and make editorial decisions on genomic data source to prepare them for use in clinical genetic testing and research contexts
Wrangle raw genomic data files into forms ready for usage in Golden Helix software
Write one-off scripts to manipulate and harmonize genomic data for product integration
Write code or run existing tools to simulated genomic datasets that exercise the software feature under test
Write blog posts on new capabilities, FAQs and data curation achievements
Product Quality *
Help develop and run a quality process that covers Golden Helix’s products and bundled data
Master the new and changing capabilities of Golden Helix’s software to ensure their quality
Discover edge cases, off-by-one issues, resource limitations, and rare conditions in which the product does not perform nominally.
Prepare technical documentation for genomic scientists and clinical geneticists to perform their duties using Golden Helix software
Work closely with the product team in the entire lifecycle of bugs and issues.
Investigate customer problems referred by Field Application Scientists.
Other duties as directed.
QUALIFICATIONS*
_Must have ability to work for any US employer without restrictions_
PhD or equivalent experience in Molecular Biology, Cancer Biology, Oncological Science, Molecular Genetics or related field. A M.S. in Bioinformatics with hands on research experience and NGS domain expertise also encouraged to apply.
Exquisite attention to detail, with a knack for identifying discrepancies or mistakes
Experience in Python and command line bash shell scripting or equivalent
Track record of written and oral communication experience, such as publications, grant applications and conference presentations
Well organized, task-oriented and willingness to take ownership of the quality of a complex product, including performing manual and hands-on tests.
MEASUREMENTS*
The Genomic Curator Quality Scientist will be measured on:
Correct transformation and representation of curated data sources
Quality of products in versioned releases
Timely completion of tasks in regards to the software release schedule.
Contact Information*
If you are interested in this challenging and rewarding position with a fun and exciting company, please send us your resume and cover letter. We look forward to hearing from you!

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
data curation: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Location:
Bozeman, MT 59715 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
What script language knowledge do you have?
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.goldenhelix.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Golden Helix Inc,"Bozeman, MT",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
104,Genomic Curator Quality Scientist,-1,"Job Title: * Genomic Curator Quality Scientist
Department: *Product
Reports to: *VP Product & Engineering
Position Type: *Full Time Non-Exempt
PRIORITY RESPONSIBILITY*
Expand and maintain Golden Helix’s lead as curators of the largest repository of clinical and research genomic data. Master the capabilities of Golden Helix genomic analysis software to ensure the quality of new and changing features in conjunction with the development efforts of the product team.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES*
Genomic Data Curator *
Understand and make editorial decisions on genomic data source to prepare them for use in clinical genetic testing and research contexts
Wrangle raw genomic data files into forms ready for usage in Golden Helix software
Write one-off scripts to manipulate and harmonize genomic data for product integration
Write code or run existing tools to simulated genomic datasets that exercise the software feature under test
Write blog posts on new capabilities, FAQs and data curation achievements
Product Quality *
Help develop and run a quality process that covers Golden Helix’s products and bundled data
Master the new and changing capabilities of Golden Helix’s software to ensure their quality
Discover edge cases, off-by-one issues, resource limitations, and rare conditions in which the product does not perform nominally.
Prepare technical documentation for genomic scientists and clinical geneticists to perform their duties using Golden Helix software
Work closely with the product team in the entire lifecycle of bugs and issues.
Investigate customer problems referred by Field Application Scientists.
Other duties as directed.
QUALIFICATIONS*
_Must have ability to work for any US employer without restrictions_
PhD or equivalent experience in Molecular Biology, Cancer Biology, Oncological Science, Molecular Genetics or related field. A M.S. in Bioinformatics with hands on research experience and NGS domain expertise also encouraged to apply.
Exquisite attention to detail, with a knack for identifying discrepancies or mistakes
Experience in Python and command line bash shell scripting or equivalent
Track record of written and oral communication experience, such as publications, grant applications and conference presentations
Well organized, task-oriented and willingness to take ownership of the quality of a complex product, including performing manual and hands-on tests.
MEASUREMENTS*
The Genomic Curator Quality Scientist will be measured on:
Correct transformation and representation of curated data sources
Quality of products in versioned releases
Timely completion of tasks in regards to the software release schedule.
Contact Information*
If you are interested in this challenging and rewarding position with a fun and exciting company, please send us your resume and cover letter. We look forward to hearing from you!

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
data curation: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Location:
Bozeman, MT 59715 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
What script language knowledge do you have?
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.goldenhelix.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Golden Helix Inc,"Bozeman, MT",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
105,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst,"$54k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you looking for a fresh challenge and an opportunity to further advance your career and grow with a fast growing company? If you have a passion for data and an adaptive out-of-the-box thinker with sharp analytical and problem-solving skills, exceptional organization, and able to multitask in a fast-paced environment, we have the perfect job for you!

We are looking for an enthusiastic Senior Business Intelligence Analyst who will be part of the USCCAs Marketing team to bring data to life by providing insights and actions through measurement of current marketing initiatives as well as those in the future.

The Analyst is responsible for accurate operational data reporting for specified marketing teams. This includes traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data for high level and detailed scorecards in addition to ad hoc reports based on specific marketing requests.

They will also perform exploratory analysis to provide recommendations to marketing based on proven data.

Duties/Responsibilities:
Supports Marketing area that includes Strategy, Retail and Product Marketing along with Media (earned, owned and paid) to collect, consume and act on analytics
Marketing traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data gathering
Filling out scorecards and tracking documents by designated times
Creating ad hoc or one-off reports to satisfy marketing questions
Discovering leading indicators and insights to improve marketing efficiency or performance.
Use data and statistics to support Marketing and formulate strategy
Visualize data for consumption and specific business action
Work with Marketing and BI team, to decide on the success metrics to measure
Organize cross-functional processes
Facilitate Innovation & Growth
Perpetuate a mentality of growth, innovation and ideation by way of staying informed of latest industry trends and methods
Be recognized as the thought leaders of self-defense education, training and trusted legal protection
Process Development & Execution
Participate in establishing and tracking KPIs to ensure all marketing initiatives are performing and growing as planned or better
Build long-term relationships with cross-functional teams, business partners across the organization and outside agencies
Willingness to enthusiastically accept many varied projects and new responsibilities as assigned
Qualifications/ Strengths:
Bachelors degree in Computer Sciences, Statistics, or related field
Work experience in Analytics, Scientific Research or related field
Experience with Marketing and Web Analytics a plus
Meticulous data gathering and reporting abilities
Have a cross-functional understanding of data (Marketing, Web Analytics, IT, & Finance)
Experience with data visualization or reporting tools
High level and granular understanding of marketing objectives
Ability to communicate with Marketing management and leadership
Strong analytical mindset and problem solving abilities
Ability to structure information
Affinity with Stratistics
Basic knowledge about IT ecosystem and programming
Strong organization skills
Ability to think creatively with a process-based mindset
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively to meet deadlines
Demonstrates the Core Values of Delta Defense, LLC
PM19

Powered by JazzHR",4.9,"Delta Defense LLC
4.9","West Bend, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
106,"Scientist I, Quality Control",-1,"The Scientist I, Quality Control (QC) is responsible for development of quality control procedures and processes, developing staff, fostering a culture of safety and quality, and participating in QC analysis. The scientist collaborates in production scheduling, instrumentation and maintenance within the QC space.

Areas of Responsibility:

Participates in QC testing and development of team members.
Provides effective teamwork through:
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Initiating, coordinating, and enforcing systems, policies, and procedures.
Training and mentoring of team members to develop technical growth opportunities.
Supplying technical expertise to team members.
Comply with company policy and work with management and HR to address issues.
Participate in recruiting and selection of team members.
Ensures QC projects and priorities are completed by:
Planning QC projects including project timelines.
Properly schedule QC projects and work with colleagues to complete them accordingly.
Scope resource needs for projects.
Acquire raw materials, instrumentation time and personnel needed to complete QC projects.
Communicate expectations and priorities to assigned team members to ensure projects are completed on time.
Provide project progress to management on a regular basis.
Capable of operating and performing QC analysis on all instruments in immediate work area.
Effectively communicate and coordinate with internal and external suppliers, QC team members and QC managers to assure the most efficient use of time and resources; initiating and fostering a spirit of cooperation within and between departments.
Communicate with internal customers on progress of projects.
Review processes and write appropriate controlled documents as needed.
Develop and document new processes to be used in quality control testing.
Analyzes raw data, organizes results and plans project steps accordingly.
Maintains accurate and complete records for development and experimental projects and results.
Evaluate, identify, acquire and implement new equipment to improve manufacturing processes.
Performs training of QC team members on new processes.
Acts as a scientific resource for teams within the QC group.
Proactively interface with QC group and internal customers to identify and implement areas of continuous improvement.
Executes on objectives and goals to support a positive, efficient and motivated team.
Responsible for overseeing the safe use of hazardous chemicals in a manufacturing environment on a daily basis.
Supply regular feedback to management on the status of the team, instrumentation and process.
Professional presence and strong attention to detail.
Technical proficiency that enables effective participation of the QC process.
Strong communication and problem solving abilities

CA2

Qualifications

Required Education/Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in the Life Sciences or Chemistry, 5+ years of industry experience position and/or demonstrates proficiency to meet the requirements of a QC Scientist.

Demonstrated understanding of HPLC use and principals

Preferred Education/Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in the Life Sciences or Chemistry, 5+ years of industry experience position and/or demonstrates proficiency to meet the requirements of a QC Scientist.

Certified Six Sigma Greenbelt

Demonstrated hands-on experience with HPLC samples and analysis

Demonstrated success with continuous improvement

Demonstrated success coaching and mentoring staff with scientific principles and techniques

Strong communication skills to design, execute and report with projects

Skills:

Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Capable of calculating equivalents

Ability to consistently deliver on good documentation

Ability to effectively communicate with cross-functional teams

Microsoft Office, Outlook, Word, Power Point and Excel.

Use of a web browser.",-1,LGC Limited,"Petaluma, CA",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
107,Data Scientist for Detector Physics,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311174

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Signature Science and Technology Division

Group: Detection Physics
*Job Description**
The Detection Physics Group within the National Security Directorate at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a research scientist who will focus on studies of radiation detection physics using Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning (AI/ML) techniques. The Detection Physics Group includes research ranging from low background and high energy fundamental particle physics to radiation detection related to non-proliferation and national security applications. This position will focus on the expanding role of AI/ML within the group. It will provide the opportunity to perform analysis of data from existing experimental setups, and to propose, develop, and demonstrate relevant techniques on new data sets for advanced applications.

Major duties and responsibilities: Contribute to the development of the analysis of a variety of types of radiation detectors and experiments. Perform, analyze, and interpret detector characterizations for detectors of interest, including semiconductor detectors, scintillators, proportional counters, silicon photomultipliers, and others. Develop a detector-physics-focused AI/ML strategy with an eye toward fostering new funding streams and research directions. Engage in research activities with the broader AI/ML community at PNNL.
*The hiring level will be determined based on the education, experience and skill set of the successful candidate based on the following:**
*Level 2:** Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Builds productive internal/external working relationships. Works under general supervision. Follows established procedures. Infrequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts on routine matters.
*Level 3:** A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. This job is the fully qualified, careeroriented, journey-level position. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Frequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 2 years of experience, or Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or PhD with 0 years of experience.

+ Programming capability with languages such as C/C++, Python, MatLab, and R.

+ Experience with ""standard"" and AI/ML data analysis techniques.

+ Experience with particle detection software and hardware.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with at least 5 years of well-aligned prior experience or a masters degree with 3 years of relevant experience or a PhD degree with at least 1 year of experience.

+ PhD in experimental nuclear or high energy particle physics, or related fields.

+ Experience with software tools such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, and Keras.

+ Experience with data analysis and simulation packages such as ROOT, Geant4, and MCNP.

+ Implementation experience with high-performance parallel codes and/or accelerators (FPGAs/GPUs).

+ High level of motivation and ability to work with, form, and lead collaborative research teams.

+ Adaptability to thrive in a rapidly evolving, multitasked, research environment.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Detection Physics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-09_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-12-08_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
108,"Bioanalytical Associate/Scientist, 2+ yr industrial experience, Local Hire",-1,"Integrated Analytical Solutions, Inc. (IAS) is a GLP-compliant contract research organization (CRO) specializing in bioanalytical, analytical and drug metabolism services for the biopharmaceutical industry. Our laboratory is located in Berkeley, CA. Our company culture is built on the principles of teamwork, customer satisfaction and scientific integrity. IAS combines scientific passion and fit-for-purpose solutions to ensure the client's needs are met on time and within budget

We currently have a full-time opening for an Bioanalytical Associate/Scientist. The position will be involved in executing a variety of bioanalytical assays from method development to test sample analysis, and potentially including method validation. The level of responsibility, contribution and independence will be commensurate with the candidate’s level of experience and training.

We are looking for a self-motivated individual who values working in a team environment and directly contributing to projects within a close-knit, dynamic and entrepreneurial setting that focuses on productivity, teamwork and efficiency.

Primary Responsibilities:
Work closely with management, scientists and team members to execute LC-MS/MS and HPLC-UV methods for the analysis of study samples.
Interpret, compile and review laboratory data.
Prepare data summary reports.
Ability to operate efficiently in a regulated laboratory environment, such as following internal SOPs and FDA regulations for GLP is a plus.
Ability to contribute to assay development and to preparation of validation protocols, test methods and reports are a plus.
Qualifications:
BS, MS or PhD in the sciences and at least 2 years of industrial experience working in biopharmaceuticals, biotech and/or a CRO supporting pharmaceutical development.
Experience with LC-MS/MS and/or HPLC. Experience with ELISA is a plus.
Experience and/or desire working in a regulated (GLP) laboratory setting.
Strong computer skills is required. Strong writing skills is a plus.
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
industry: 2 years (Preferred)
Location:
Berkeley, CA (Preferred)",4.0,"Integrated Analytical Solutions, Inc.
4.0","Berkeley, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
109,Medical Laboratory Scientist,"$17-$23 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:

Performs and interprets tests at all complexity levels. Demonstrates an understanding of the theory and scientific principles of laboratory testing as well as the technical, procedural and problem solving aspects. Correlates abnormal laboratory data with pathological states, determines the validity of test results and the need for additional tests. Determines the validity of test results through the monitoring and/or verifying of quality controls, standards, etc. Communicates test results, reference ranges, specimen requirements, and other pertinent information to authorized sources.

Job Responsibilities:

Follows the laboratory's procedures for specimen handling and processing, test analyses, reporting and maintaining records of patient test results.
Performs laboratory testing in a compliant manner.
Maintains regulatory knowledge and awareness as it pertains to specific job duties.
Adheres to the laboratory's quality control policies, document all quality control activities, instrument and procedural calibrations and maintenance performed.
Assumes responsibility for and takes action regarding any quality control or quality assurance issues as it pertains to specific job duties.
Maintains instruments and equipment in accordance with manufacturer’s specifications.
Assumes responsibility for good documentation practices and maintains clear and legible records.
Performs proficiency testing in compliance with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) regulations i.e. analyze proficiency survey sample in the same manner as a patient specimens, no communication with other CLIA laboratories, complete record retention and accurate documentation and result reporting.
Assumes responsibility for participation in continuing education, professional development and required annual competency assessment.
Follows the laboratory's established policies and procedures whenever test systems are not within the laboratory's established acceptable levels of performance.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or reporting of test results and either must correct the problems or immediately notify the General Supervisor, Technical Supervisor, Clinical Consultant, or Laboratory Director.
Exercises good judgment, analytical and problem solving/troubleshooting skills.
Recommends solutions and improvements.
Documents all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory's established performance specifications.
May function in an educator and provides instruction and training in theory, technical skills, safety protocols, and the application of laboratory test protocols to students, employees, residents, etc.
Other duties as assigned.
Follows Hospital and department policies and procedures with special attention to attendance and punctuality, confidentiality, dress code and display of ID badge, and safety.
Completes mandatory education and training in order to maintain organization and department-specific competencies and requirements.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology from a four-year college or university.
One year training in approved program with registry/certification at Medical Technologist/ Clinical Laboratory Scientist level (MLS or MT) or registry eligible.
OR
Meets the CLIA qualifications for high complexity testing personnel grandfathering clauses.
See Code of Federal Regulations, Title 42, §493.1489(b)(3), §493.1489(b)(4), §493.1489(b)(5), §493.1491 Standards; High Complexity Testing Personnel Qualifications.
Diploma and/or transcripts must be provided.
Education will be verified.
Education outside of the United States requires diploma/transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from by an HHS approved agency or nationally recognized organization such as NACES (National Association Credential Evaluation Services, Inc.) or AICE (Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc.).

Languages:

Certifications:

Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT) or certification eligible preferred upon hire, from the American Society of Clinical Pathology (ASCP) or American Medical Technologists (AMT).
Certification must be obtained within one year of hire.

Complexity of Work:

Requires critical thinking skills, decisive judgment and the ability to work unsupervised or with minimal supervision.
Must be able to work in a stressful environment and take appropriate action.

Work Experience:

None required.

Physical Requirements:

Physical demands include: Visual acuity to study specimens under a microscope.
The ability to distinguish colors.
Fine motor skills and manual dexterity to handle specimens and lab equipment required to process specimens and repair equipment.
May be required to stand for long periods of time.
Light lifting may be required.
May be exposed to hazardous chemicals, biohazards, radioactive materials, etc.

Personal Protective Equipment:

Follows Standard Precautions using personal protective equipment as required.

The policy of Cleveland Clinic and its system hospitals (Cleveland Clinic) is to provide equal opportunity to all of our employees and applicants for employment in our tobacco free and drug free environment. All offers of employment are followed by testing for controlled substance and nicotine. Job offers will be rescinded for candidates for employment who test positive for nicotine. Candidates for employment who are impacted by Cleveland Clinic’s Smoking Policy will be permitted to reapply for open positions after 90 days. Decisions concerning employment, transfers and promotions are made upon the basis of the best qualified candidate without regard to color, race, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, ancestry, status as a disabled or Vietnam era veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. Information provided on this application may be shared with any Cleveland Clinic facility.

Cleveland Clinic is pleased to be an equal employment employer: Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities",3.8,"Cleveland Clinic
3.8","Akron, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1921,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
110,Data Scientist-Junior,"$44k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Group Highlights

Defense

The Defense group supports the Department of Defense (DoD) mission to keep our homeland and its citizens safe. We provide solutions to improve the Nation's defense by providing software, systems engineering, IT, training and logistics and fleet management solutions.

Responsibilities

This position is for a large contract for the Army, providing leadership and support existing systems, processes, and policies as well as working to implement new technologies and processes in support of the client’s mission to provide Intelligence training and technologies to military personnel.

Provides data science and data engineering support to targeting activities that bring in large datasets. Data science and data engineering support is needed to help manage and execute the ingest (extract, transform and load (ETL) operations), parsing, data normalizations, database design, as well as performing data analysis at scale and implementing algorithms to find impactful operational and finished intelligence in large data streams. Involved in the analysis of unstructured and semi-structured data. Exercises creativity in applying non-traditional approaches to large-scale analysis of unstructured data in support of high-value use cases. Handles processing against high-volume collections of data and high-velocity data streams. Has the ability to make discoveries in the world of big data. Requires strong technical and computational skills coupled with the ability to code, design, develop, and deploy sophisticated applications using advanced unstructured and semi-structured data analysis techniques. Has the ability to utilize advance tools and computational skills to interpret, connect, predict and make discoveries in complex data and deliver recommendations. Develops documentation to support objectives of operationally-focused team members.

Qualifications

3 years experience and a BA/BS degree

Responsible for assisting more senior positions and/or performing functional duties under the oversight of more senior positions.

Current TS/SCI Clearance

Bachelor of Science Degree or higher computer science, statistics, or other related STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math)

Desired qualifications:

Strong understanding of data engineering, structure, formatting, conditioning and analysis.
Knowledge of database tools and current data science processes.
Full-stack development experience.

Desired Skills:

Thorough/Working knowledge of Python and some of the following software/tools: SQL, R, Hadoop, Spark, Java, C/C++, Git Bash, Tableau, ArcGIS, Unix commands.
Thorough/Working knowledge of research designs.
Thorough/Working knowledge of collection methods, capabilities and tasking process.
Familiarity with project management concepts and principles.
Intellectual curiosity; creativity and innovation to go beyond current tools to deliver the best solution to complex problems.
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).",3.3,"Perspecta
3.3","Washington, DC",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
111,Business Analytics Consultant (Bilingual: English & Spanish),"$47k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This role will work closely with the General Manager of the Andean and Southern Cone region and report to the Director of Latin America Commercial Operations.

Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Job Functions:

Gathers and analyzes internal and external information on sales trends, patient reach, market share, competitor data and pricing for all relevant therapeutic areas. Makes business recommendations based on these analyses.
Conducts market assessments, research and surveys to prepare sales forecasts.
Manages business analytics process for the L9 (Andean and Southern Cone) region. Prepares regular sales reports, dashboards, and scorecards.
Sales force effectiveness reporting and analytics
Keeps ups with new analytics capabilities and sources of information. Recommends and implements improvements to reporting tools, models, and systems; identifies and manages external data sources and vendors.
Prepares business cases and presentations for senior management.
Manages projects locally and as a part of the global team to implement best practices adopted in other parts of the company or used by the industry.
Qualifications

Knowledge, Experience and Skills:

Demonstrates strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Must be able to think critically and be comfortable making assumptions when data or information is incomplete or conflicting.
Excellent project management skills, highly focused on implementation and achievement of tangible results.
Able to make high-impact presentations in small and large settings and deliver clear proposals to senior management.
Knowledge of data visualization tools and databases
Be curious and eager to learn proactively about various therapeutic areas, epidemiology, and stay up to date on country’s economic and healthcare trends.
Strong team player with experience working in international settings. Demonstrates cultural agility and adaptability in a changing environment.
Creative and open-minded individual who fosters an environment in which sharing of ideas is encouraged.
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a business, finance, economics or related field.
Familiarity with the Latin America region, specifically Andean and Southern Cone.
Experience in a pharmaceutical environment preferred.
Fluency in Spanish and English language proficiency is required.

To qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States, and should not require, now or in the future, sponsorship for employment visa status.

PRA is an EEO/AA employer and is committed to providing opportunities to minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities.

Options
Apply for this job onlineApply
Share
Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.
Share on your newsfeed
Connect With Us!",3.8,"PRA Health Sciences
3.8","Miami, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
112,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence Early Career,"$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311096

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.
*Minimum Qualifications**
Bachelor's with 0-1 years of experience or a Master's degree with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-20_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-19_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
113,Microstrategy Business Intelligence Analyst,"$73k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Headquartered in Modesto, CA, G3 Enterprises has been supplying the wine and spirits industry for over 50 years. As a single source packaging solution, its products and services include labels, stock and custom closures, warehousing, transportation, bottle etching, and mobile bottling.

The Business Intelligence Analyst creates reporting and analytical solutions that enable translating data into knowledge and maintains Microstrategy infrastructure across G3 organization. Analyzes business intelligence data to inform business decisions. Partners with other areas of the business to model the outcome of implementing potential business strategies.

Essential Functions
This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions; it does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned.
• Utilizes data architecture to enable business decisions and recommend technical solutions to management based on scalability and complexity.
• Provides guidance and analytical support to include analysis and research in areas across G3 corporation.
• Satisfies ad-hoc requests for information from G3 teams that aid in uncovering new understandings that drive decisions which move the organization forward.
• Acts as technical expert, addressing infrastructure needs, systems/applications integration, compatibility, and multiple platforms.
• Analyzes data to create and maintain reports, dashboards, visualizations, and other tools (such as cubes and views) in multiple development and production environments.
• Responsible for executing the implementation of the BI strategy related to G3’s SAP ERP and OTM systems.
• Sources data from various systems via Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) and external data sources.
• Designs user driven analytics structure using existing data architecture.
• Influences data warehousing teams to recommend data layer structures and integrate systems.
• Translates business requirements to functional and technical design solutions, specifications, and prototypes.
• Collaborates with development teams to design business intelligence solutions to facilitate data gathering, storage, and retrieval.
• Consults with users or decision makers to identify data sources, required data elements, or data validation standards.
• Develops test plans and facilitates testing prior to promotions.
• Creates and maintains technical documentation
• Performs cross-functional analysis and collaborates with stakeholders across departments. Partners and presents findings to senior leadership.
• Responsible for understanding and complying with applicable quality, environmental and safety regulatory considerations. If accountable for the work of others, responsible for ensuring their understanding and compliance.

Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Minimum Qualifications
• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, MIS, Mathematics, Data Analytics, Data Science, or Engineering plus 3 years of experience in business intelligence, technical architecture, application development, middleware, or database management; OR High School diploma or State-issued equivalency certificate plus 7 years of experience in business intelligence, technical architecture, application development, middleware, or database management.
• Ability to build and understand basic SQL queries.

Preferred Qualifications
• Master’s degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Business Administration, MIS, Mathematics, or Engineering.
• MicroStrategy Intelligence Server Development experience.
• Experience designing and executing Application objects and Schema objects using MicroStrategy Desktop.
• Experience analysis, design, development, testing, and debugging of complex reports, ETL scripts and dashboards.
• Experience troubleshooting high level issues to identify and resolve problems caused by the database, source data, ETL, or the Business Intelligence software (common examples: nulls in data causing joins to function incorrectly; ETLs running out of sequence; MicroStrategy Objects not set up properly).
• Experience with cloud computing and “big data” processing and analytics.
• Understanding of web servers and applications.
• Knowledge of components of an enterprise systems architecture
• Knowledge of business process re-engineering processes including Lean Six Sigma principles.
• Lean Six Sigma Green or Black Belt Certified.
• Strong understanding of network architecture and application development methodologies
• Experience reading, analyzing, and interpreting common scientific and technical journals and financial reports.
• Knowledge of emerging technologies and development platforms.
• Experience applying machine learning or artificial intelligence to BI applications.
• Possesses a passion for technology and its impact on the enterprise, customers and consumers along with a breadth of experience that can balance business, application and operational requirements.
• Strong understanding of systems and “systems thinking” with the ability to make trade-off decisions to accomplish system-wide goals.
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
• Excellent planning and organizational skills.
• Skilled in balancing long-term and short-term goals and perspectives of challenging situations.
• Skilled in applying multiple technical solutions to business problems.
• Remains unbiased toward any specific technology or vendor choice.
• Excellent analytical and technical skills.
• Skilled in navigating complex political situations to ensure successful change management.
• Exceptional interpersonal skills, including teamwork, facilitation and negotiation.
• Demonstrates strong technical thinking and developed high credibility with the technical community. Recognized by the IT community as someone who solves complex technology related business problems.
• Experience with performance tuning of business intelligence applications.
• Strong knowledge of SQL queries including writing, reading, and debugging.
• Experience working with Enterprise Data Warehousing, specifically SAP Data Warehousing (HANA).

Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk.

Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

EEO/AA M/F/Vet/Disability",3.9,"G3 Enterprises
3.9","Modesto, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
114,Machine Learning Engineer,"$76k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Machine Learning Engineer

US Citizenship is required due to security clearance requirements.

Are you a motivated engineer who is passionate about embracing new challenges and solving the hardest technical problems in a team-oriented environment? Every day, the engineers at Expedition Technology work together to solve our Nations defense and intelligence challenges by using Machine Learning and Deep Learning to demystify data obtained from signals and images.

Our applied research and development mindset afford our people the opportunity to work on the most cutting-edge methods of optimizing deep learning networks, developing state-of-the-art algorithms and ultimately producing software products that are critical to our nations defense infrastructure.

The success we have already achieved has made Expedition Technology one of the top Machine Learning/Deep Learning research organizations in the Defense and Intelligence communities and we need additional intelligent, passionate, creative people to join our team.

When you join our team, youll have the opportunity to:
Dive directly into the latest computer vision and signal processing research to replicate new techniques published in academia and find ways to make those ideas work on a larger scale
Use your strong Python coding skills to research, design, develop and expand upon algorithms that will train neural networks to deliver actionable intelligence faster and more effectively
Develop deep-learning software prototypes that demonstrate potential usefulness to our customers
Analyze data from disparate sources including images, video, radar, signals and more
Brainstorm solutions to the toughest problems alongside a team of smart, creative, passionate engineers
Participate in machine learning brownbag sessions and other forms of collaborative learning to keep abreast of the constant changes in Machine and Deep Learning
Required skills:
Strong problem-solving skills combined with deep intellectual curiosity and the desire to push technical boundaries
Strong coding skills- preferably in Python, C/C++, Julia or other object-oriented language in a Linux environment
Software development skills and the desire to work on cutting edge development in a Cloud environment
Deep understanding of data structures and algorithms
Knowledge of computer vision and/or signal processing including techniques for classification and feature extraction
Excellent oral, written, presentation and communication skills
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field. Advance degrees welcome
US Citizenship- Must be a US Citizen eligible to maintain a US Government security clearance
Desired skills:
Experience with deep learning frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Caffe or Keras
About Expedition Technology

At Expedition Technology, we push the boundaries of what is possible every day. Our engineers work on the most challenging problems in Computer Vision, Digital Signal Processing and Software Engineering from a Machine Learning/Deep Learning perspective and collaborate to find the answers. We are a research-focused company whose mission it is to solve our customers most pressing needs in a creative, novel manner.

Expedition Technology offers self-directed, company-paid Medical, Dental and Vision benefits and the freedom to allow you to select which benefits matter most. We offer a 401k with a generous company match, a student loan repayment program, equity shares, paid holidays, paid time off and an education reimbursement allowance. Most importantly, we offer an environment where we are encouraged to push boundaries, take risks and enjoy the rewards.

Interested in joining our team? Lets explore together.

EXP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes a diverse range of talent creates an environment that fuels creativity and innovation. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, genetic information or protected veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR",5.0,"Expedition Technology, Inc.
5.0","Herndon, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
115,Data Analyst Quality - Quality Outcomes Managment,"$35k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our quality data analyst will be responsible to perform high level analyses in support of institution-wide clinical quality improvement activities. The analyst will facilitate the development and maintenance of data collection, leveraging existing data to identify gaps in care and recommend areas of focus for quality improvement activities.

An integral role to ensure that the organization exceeds its goals, the quality analyst will work collaboratively with Decision Support & Quality Services to determine resources needed to improve identified gaps in care and to develop recommendations for quality improvement based on findings.

The individual selected for this role will be engaging with a strong ability to present complex information to stakeholders in a compelling and accessible manner. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced analyst who understands common quality benchmarks and thrives in a high-autonomy environment.

A creative role with strong flexibility, the analyst will be exposed to, and lead high-impact projects as a partner to executive and clinical leaders.

Penn State Health offers exceptional benefits including healthcare starting day one. Our employees enjoy a robust paid time off program that enables them to realize strong life/work balance.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Computer Science or a related field required.

3 years data analysis experience in either finance, clinical, or research required.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Project management skills preferred.

Experience with statistics preferred.

Experience with Vizient, Cerner or Midas would be helpful.

If chosen for this position, you may be required to pass a Post Offer Employment Physical Exam in accordance with the measurements listed in the Work Task Analysis (WTA) report. This job description is a general outline of duties performed and is not to be misconstrued as encompassing all duties performed within the position. All individuals (including current employees) selected for a position will undergo a background check appropriate for the position's responsibilities.

Penn State Health is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please call 717-531-8440 between the hours of 8:30 AM and 4:30 PM, Eastern Standard Time, Monday – Friday, email hrsolutions@pennstatehealth.psu.edu or download our Accommodation Instructions for Job Applicants PDF for more detailed steps for assistance.

Union: Non Bargained

IND123

#LI-TB1",-1,Penn State Health Milton S. Hershey Medical Center,"Hershey, PA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
116,Data Scientist II (Computational),"$95k-$159k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: *Data Scientist II (Computational)
Department: *Product Development
Purpose of the job: *Implement, analyze and evaluate algorithms against customer requirements for improved three-dimensional tomographic image reconstructions derived from data acquired by the Decision Sciences muon tomography system. Develop and automate simulation techniques to support this objective and support other research projects.
Citizenship Requirement: *U.S. Citizenship required (defined by Federal contract)
Required Education: *Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or related field or possess relevant experience in lieu of education.
Preferred Education: *• Master’s or PhD in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Physics a plus or possess relevant experience in lieu of advanced degree.
Required Experience and Competencies: *
• 3 - 5 years of experience in three-dimensional imaging techniques, image artifacts, inverse problems and the underlying mathematical principles
• Fluency in programming is required. Python and C++ required.
• Solid background in implementation, evaluation, and analysis of computerized algorithm implementation is required
• Experience in statistical principles and probability theory, image segmentation, automated quantitative evaluation of image data, and feature extraction is highly desired
• Good communication, computer, and interpersonal skills are required to enable an effective interface with other professionals, to produce documentation, and to present results to internal audiences
• Firm grasp of scientific principles and experimental techniques with an ability to think critically with strong problem-solving skills.
• Preferred Experience:
o Experience in experimental nuclear or particle physics is desirable
o Demonstrated expertise in implementing computationally intensive image reconstructions and in accelerating their execution (using methods such as high-performance computing or GPUs).
o Experience in simulations to develop and test tomographic image reconstructions
Required Attributes: *
• Possess a positive attitude and a drive to solve problems using technical creativity and hard work.
• A willingness to jump in and help with any task in a startup environment
• Strong software development discipline will be essential.
• Effective communication skills
• Ability to multitask and prioritize
• The ability to work both independently and as part of a team is essential
Essential Functions/ Responsibilities: *
• Develop research and implementation plans, successfully execute and update those plans, and provide bi-weekly updates to management.
• Research, implement, and evaluate three-dimensional image reconstruction algorithms utilizing muon scatter data as measured by the Decision Sciences muon tomography systems using the following tools:
o Operating Systems/Workstations: CentOS, Scientific Linux
o Languages: UNIX C / C++, Python, UNIX Shell Scripting
o Libraries: STL, Boost libraries, VTK, Apache Spark
o Tools: Paraview, Numpy, Matlab, Pandas DataFrames
Other Responsibilities: *
• Design, implement, and test methods for accelerating image reconstruction algorithms
• Design and test automated feature extraction algorithms
• Document developed algorithms and transition these algorithms to the software team for incorporation into the production code base Provide technical advice and support to other members of the Physics and Software teams in their own development efforts
• All other duties assigned
• Compliance with company’s Safety Program, Code of Conduct and Ethics policy
Travel Requirements: *
Up to 10% of the time
Physical Requirements: *
Physical demands:
• Ability to operate a computer, phone, fax, copy machine and other related office equipment
• Ability to sit or stand at a workstation for up to an entire work shift
Job ID: *0159
For more information about our company please visit www.decisionsciences.com

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Location:
Multiple locations
Company's website:
https://decisionsciences.com/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",2.5,"Decision Sciences
2.5","Poway, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
117,Medical Information Scientist,"$51k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What we do

United Therapeutics Corporation focuses on the strength of a balanced, value-creating biotechnology model. We are confident in our future thanks to our fundamental attributes, namely our commitment to quality and innovation, the power of our brands, our entrepreneurial culture and our bioinformatics leadership. We also believe that our determination to be responsible citizens — having a positive impact on patients, the environment and society — will sustain our success in the long term.

We currently have five approved products on the market and a long-term mission of providing an unlimited supply of transplantable organs for those who need them.

Our company was founded by an entrepreneur whose daughter was diagnosed with a life-threatening condition. She sought to find treatment options and a cure for her daughter and patients like her. We are founder-led, and relentless in our pursuit of “medicines for life”. We continue to research and develop treatments for cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases, pediatric cancers and other orphan diseases.

How you’ll contribute

Disseminate relevant scientific and medical information that is consistent, current and accurate. Capture cases, including adverse events and product complaints when presented, while maintaining corporate compliance. Ensure that medical information requests are answered in a timely and compliant manner; determine when a question or request should be escalated.

Develop and maintain clinical and technical expertise in specific therapeutic areas.
Facilitate intake and triage of inquiries as related to marketed products.
Stay abreast of emerging scientific literature and clinical trial data, translate the data in applicable knowledge and develop scientific materials for key internal and external audiences (healthcare providers and various internal teams such as Medical Science Liaison slide development).
Prepare/update scientifically balanced responses to unsolicited request for both labeled and off-label indications. Establish and maintain a standard answers database by obtaining internal review and approval. Maintain and distribute as appropriate and necessary.
Provide verbal and/or written clinical and technical responses to inquiries related to UT products (marketed and in development) from the health care community, patients, and internal customers.
Document inquiry data in the Medical Information database in accordance with SOPs.
Support internal groups, including but not be limited to Medical Affairs, Regulatory, Clinical Development, Business Development, Drug Safety, Pharmaceutics, with literature searches, data interpretation, publication procurement, Corporate Library Service access and training.
Participate in Medical Information projects, including development of new systems or upgrades of old systems, processes and standard operating procedures.
Participate in congress strategy, including staffing of scientific booth and collecting and reporting data and competitive intelligence.
Assist in the development and maintenance of product dossiers.
Partner and collaborate effectively with internal and external business partners.
Provide support for the Corporate Library System to keep it current.
Report adverse events and product complaints in a timely manner to Drug Safety and/or Product Surveillance according to SOP and compliance guidelines.
Support product launches as needed.
Perform all other duties as assigned.

For this role you will need

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Pharmacy or PharmD
Excellent medical/scientific writing skills
Experience with literature searches and full-text document retrieval
Must be proficient in Microsoft Word, Power Point, and Excel
Experience in abstracting databases (Embase and PubMed)
Excellent organizational skills
Excellent verbal communication skills
Experience managing multiple projects simultaneously and according to agreed upon time lines and budgets

Preferred Qualifications

One year of biotechnology or pharmaceutical medical information or related experience
IRMS – Information Request Management System experience as user and administrator
Residency or Fellowship in Medical Information
Active pharmacy license or previously held a license
If a new pharmacy graduate, obtains licensure within 90 days of graduation

Life as a Unitherian

At United Therapeutics, you’ll realize quickly that it is not an ordinary place to work! When you join our company, you will learn, grow, contribute, have fun, and be challenged... all while making a difference in the lives of our patients.

United Therapeutics Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - EOE Minorities / Females / Protected Veterans / Individuals with Disabilities",3.4,"United Therapeutics
3.4","Research Triangle Park, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
118,Data Engineer - Cloud Services,-1,"Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We are looking for the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world, and strive daily to align our core values with those that we hire Elevating Each Other, Being Outcome Driven, Winning as a Team, Being Bold, Trusting Each Other, and Having FUN! these are all key elements to who we hire.

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams a perpetual thirst for knowledge, and a desire to work with the best people and take on big challenges together. Getting our attention takes creativity, integrity, a desire to improve yourself and your co-workers each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars to help raise the bar, setting industry-level standards around project management and delivery of AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud services.

About 2nd Watch

As a cloud native company, 2nd Watch has walked alongside our clients for over a decade helping them migrate to the cloud, accelerate application development, and deliver on their companys strategic goals through the blend of technology and innovation that is at our core. Our services deliver cloud native capabilities through strategic consulting, modernization services, and specialized technology practices focused on maximizing the value of public cloud through:
Business Transformation
Cloud Advisory
Datacenter Migration & Application Modernization
Optimization
Data Engineering
Compliance, Security & Business Continuity
DevOps
Managed Cloud services
With a client NPS of 85, our approach has been successful for some of the worlds leading brands and is tested, trusted, and proven to accelerate your cloud adoption.

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner, a Microsoft Azure Gold Partner, and a Google Cloud Platform Partner. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Position Title:

Data Cloud Engineer :

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining cloud-native data lakes
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Familiarity with open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, Keras, or TensorFlow.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Understanding of relational database internals
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.8,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.8",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
119,Product Development Scientist,"$48k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What we do

About United Therapeutics

United Therapeutics Corporation focuses on the strength of a balanced, value-creating biotechnology model. We are confident in our future thanks to our fundamental attributes, namely our commitment to quality and innovation, the power of our brands, our entrepreneurial culture and our bioinformatics leadership. We also believe that our determination to be responsible citizens — having a positive impact on patients, the environment and society — will sustain our success in the long term.

We currently have five approved products on the market and a long-term mission of providing an unlimited supply of transplantable organs for those who need them.

Our company was founded by an entrepreneur whose daughter was diagnosed with a life-threatening condition. She sought to find treatment options and a cure for her daughter and patients like her. We are founder-led, and relentless in our pursuit of “medicines for life”. We continue to research and develop treatments for cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases, pediatric cancers and other orphan diseases.

How you’ll contribute

Assist with the coordination and management of Phase I through Phase IV clinical studies and support the conduct of preclinical studies to ensure the successful submission and approval of a drug product by the FDA and other regulatory agencies.

Key Job Responsibilities

Clinical (60%)

Responsible for working with a PD manager and / or Program Head to lead the overall execution of a clinical studies or group of clinical studies
Provide scientific insight into study design and disease process
Lead protocol development and writing
Work with other internal functional areas (eg., Regulatory, Safety, DM) to support the study
Supervise Informed Consent composition
Review consultant reports (PK)
Lead final study report writing
Follow appropriate GCPs and SOPs

Ensure that various departments conduct the following activities according to project timelines:

Development of CRFs
Clinical trial material (CTM) available to site/CRO
Database generation and production of tables and listings

Pre-Clinical (5%)

Review protocol and reports in conjunction with the preclinical department
Review consultant reports (PK/TK)

Miscellaneous (20%)

Draft publications (abstracts, posters, manuscripts)
Work with Program Head to lead Clinical Investigator Brochure generation and updates
Participate in preparation of regulatory submissions – IND, NDA, sNDA
Assist in the evaluation of new products, in-license opportunities
Assist project planning (developing project timelines, budgets)
Participate in interactions with Steering Committees, Advisory Committees, Data Monitoring Committees, and Publication Committees in conjunction with the Project Leader
Maintain training – SOPs, GCPs, continuing education
Provide scientific literature review
Perform other duties as assigned

For this role you will need

Minimum Requirements

Advanced degree (Pharm.D., MPH, PhD, MS) with at least 1 year of clinical development experience at a pharmaceutical company, or RN/BA/BS with 2+ years of relevant clinical development experience at a pharmaceutical company
Proficiency with MS Office suite
Strong analytical skills with excellent communication (both oral and written).
Ability to travel up to 25% as needed.

Life as a Unitherian

At United Therapeutics, you’ll realize quickly that it is not an ordinary place to work! When you join our company, you will learn, grow, contribute, have fun, and be challenged... all while making a difference in the lives of our patients.

United Therapeutics Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - EOE Minorities / Females / Protected Veterans / Individuals with Disabilities",3.4,"United Therapeutics
3.4","Research Triangle Park, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
120,Fungal Scientist,"$61k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description/Primary Duties and Responsibilities: *
Biotechnical Scientist to provide scientific, engineering, and analysis in Biotechnology. This area includes experimental and theoretical pursuits mainly focused in microbiology, biochemistry, molecular biology and biological materials. Support services shall include the following:
Cloning experiments including: nucleic acid handling, purification, and quantification. Further enzymatic assays such as Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR), restriction digestion, and ligation reactions for synthetic biology projects
Growth experiments with anaerobic and aerobic microorganisms in a bioreactor or standard incubator requiring sterile technique, preparation of growth media, plates and freezer stocks and perform growth curves
Separation and analysis of metabolites from bacterial culture
Purification and characterization of microbial cell materials
Characterization of binding interactions in traditional and novel biological assays
Write reports and briefings and conduct presentations on results
Interact with OGAs, Contractors, and universities and support the development of technical packages.
_The position includes the following responsibilities: _*
Work as part of a team to help with the isolation, identification, and cultivation of fungi from environmental samples.
Evaluate a variety of filamentous fungi for potential use as platform organisms for genetic engineering/synthetic biology.
Develop genetic engineering protocols and tools for filamentous fungi.
Develop methods for high throughput culturing, assays, and genetic engineering of filamentous fungi.
Maintain detailed records of work in progress and completed.
Execute experiments, analyze data, and report on project results.
Develop and follow Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
Set up and maintain associated equipment.
Stay current with relevant literature.
Seek relevant opportunities to remain current on technological developments in the field.
Skills & Education Requirement: *
PhD or Master’s in molecular biology, genetics, biochemistry, microbiology, biological engineering or related field.
Experience with culturing, analysis, and genetics of filamentous fungi.
Experience with heterologous protein production and purification.
Experience developing and optimizing enzyme assays.
Microbiology and molecular biology laboratory techniques: pipetting, aseptic techniques, making media and buffer solutions, designing primers, DNA and RNA extraction and purification, PCR, gel electrophoresis, protein expression and purification.
Facility with data analysis and visualization.
Additional desired skills: *
Experience with genome editing/engineering of filamentous fungi
Bioinformatics, synthetic biology software
Flow cytometry, cell sorting
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills to discuss issues and potential solutions with other groups and personnel to find answers to a new problem set.
Ability to work with a multidisciplinary team of research scientists.
MS Suite of office applications
Good attention to detail and documentation
Strong work ethic, positive attitude, self-starter, punctual and good attendance record with the desire to develop professionally
Must have or be able to obtain a secret clearance
US Citizenship required
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Relocation Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
related: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
License:
US Citizenship (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"General Technical Services, LLC and Fibertek, Inc.
3.1","Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
121,Data Scientist,-1,"Back to search results
Previous job

Next job

JOB DESCRIPTION

A BIT ABOUT OUR DATA SCIENCE & ANALYTICS TEAM

Mars Petcare Data Science & Analytics team is core to our strategy. We’re using digital, data and customer insights to transform our business by finding answers to problems that we’ve often never asked ourselves before. Our vast data assets are being combined to build a 360° view of pets and pet owners to not only power Kinship’s businesses but also influence the next great ideas in the pet care space. This role will be key in helping us understand the power of our data, and how this translates into value for our company, our pets, and pet owners everywhere. Frequently the projects will be ambiguous, but that’s part of the fun; you will determine the best way to leverage our data to tell the right story for any given audience.

HOW YOU’LL CREATE A BETTER WORLD FOR PETS
Apply advanced analytics & data science approaches to understand and predict pet and pet owner behaviors
Collaborate with internal and external teams to ensure we focus on pet-centric product and service recommendations
Support new pet technology businesses and partners by generating actionable insights from our data assets
Develop compelling stories that provide insight into the drivers of business performance and pet/pet owner behavior
WHO WE NEED TO CHART THE FUTURE OF PET CARE

We strive to hire people who are passionate about our mission: Shaping the Future of Pet Care. For all of our Kinship roles, we look for candidates who exemplify our core values. We believe what we do is just as important as how we do it, and we aim to hire people who are:
Optimistic
Purposefully Inquisitive
Open to All
And for this role, we hope you have the following skills we require to knock it out of the dog park:
Truly inspired by, and want to live, our purpose of creating a better world for pets.
4+ years’ experience in a data science role handling varied and complex data
Varied technical experience in delivering statistical analytics, data science and insight on large-scale consumer data sets across multiple sectors, including packaged goods and retail
Hands-on experience with Python is required; Familiarity with PySpark is also desirable
Comfortable with ambiguity, with a passion for collaboration to achieve objectives
A Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field (economics, statistics, business, computer science) or equivalent experience
Passion for growing and strengthening a business using data driven approaches
Familiarity with cloud-based computing services e.g. AWS, Databricks, etc.
Enjoys explaining how technical concepts to both non-technical and technical stakeholders.
WHY JOIN US?

We offer our associates a unique opportunity to have a completely customizable career within pet care. Through Kinship you will work with and learn from a community of industry executives, pet partners, entrepreneurs, and fellow associates across our startup investment companies, outside partners, and in Mars Petcare. Our nimble and flexible approach to work allows you to make an immediate impact across businesses, while learning new skills at every stage. The diversity of our work opens doors to big opportunities and unlocks enormous potential for countless career experiences in pet care. Join us in our mission to chart the future of pet care, alongside the industry’s brightest minds.

Kinship’s offices are global, and so are our associates. We are located in NYC, San Francisco, Portland, London, Helsinki, Shanghai, and in Moscow. Many of us flex between our dog-friendly hubs and our home offices. Today, Kinship offers exceptional benefits for you, your family, and your pets, generous paid time off, exponential opportunities to build a career within pet care, and progressive reward packages. Interested? Let’s take big strides, together.",4.0,"Mars
4.0",United States,-1,10000+ Employees,1911,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
122,Data Scientist,-1,"At White Ops, we are all about keeping it human. We are the global leader in bot mitigation. We protect more than 200 enterprises—including the largest internet platforms—from sophisticated bots by verifying the humanity of nearly one trillion online interactions every week. The most sophisticated bots look and act like humans when they click on ads, visit websites, fill out forms, take over accounts, and commit payment fraud. We stop them.

Founded in 2012 in a Brooklyn sci-fi bookstore, our Bot Mitigation Platform protects enterprises from the sophisticated bots that threaten them. It's an ongoing war that we fight passionately every day. Join our mission to stop bots, disrupt the economics of cyber crime, and keep it human.

The Data Science team at White Ops is building the algorithms that run behind the scenes and power our bot detection engine. We deploy state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning models at a massive scale that distinguish human activity from automated bots.

What you'll do:
Develop algorithms (i.e. rule based, statistical, machine learning) that automatically detect emerging threats
Evaluate and implement data analysis strategies to improve detection efficacy at internet-scale
Ad hoc investigations to respond to emerging threats with velocity and quality
Collaborate with product, engineering, customer success, to define and develop new product features that will delight our customers
Research for case studies and white papers on bot detection
Contribute to toolkits and platforms that scale detection analytics
Who you are:
You have a strong sense of ownership which drives you to find ways to do things better, faster, and cheaper
You look to find new and innovative ways to solve complex problems through rigorous experimentation, all by yourself
You are open, transparent and work in tight collaboration with anyone
You constantly drive for correctness and performance, in that order
You are a data scientist, analyst, engineer and have solved difficult problems to prove it
You have proficiency with SQL, Python
You have familiarity with tools, libraries and platforms such as Jupyter notebooks, Pandas, NumPy etc
Track record of independent, creative problem solving with large amounts of complex data
Knowledge of how the Internet works
Comfort with ad tech terminology
Background in data science for security is a plus
Knowledge of how web browsers work is a plus
Benefits and Perks
Unlimited vacation policy
Stock options, 401(k), and commuter benefits
Competitive salary and benefits
Medical and dental insurance for all full-time employees
Fully paid parental leave
Professional development fund
Great coaching from senior leaders and challenging development opportunities
Life at White Ops:

Our HQ office is located in the heart of New York City. We are growing the company deliberately with a keen eye towards maintaining a culture that values diversity, lifestyle, and career growth. We are doing meaningful work and we need people to join our mighty team. We are proud of our overwhelmingly positive presence on Glassdoor and Built in NYC. We have offices located in NYC, DC, Victoria, and London.",3.8,"White Ops
3.8","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
123,Treasury Data Analyst,"$46k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number:
4141

Job Title:
Treasury Data Analyst

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
SUMMARY: The Treasury Analyst supports execution and provides ad hoc analysis across all treasury functions including risk management, funding & liquidity, forecasting, and reporting.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.

Analysis
Run long-term deposit analysis projects to identify opportunities to efficiently grow the retail deposit portfolio. This analysis will include developing, testing, and maintaining statistical behavioral models and reporting findings to senior management.
Develop reporting tools to streamline reporting and increase depth of understanding of customer behavior and customer lifetime value.
Develop adhoc analytics around liquidity management, funding alternatives and execution, and opportunity cost of different approaches to funding.

Reporting / Reconciliation
Enhance standard daily and periodic reporting and maintain process documentation for all relevant reports including funding mix/cost of funds and certain liquidity metrics.
Testing and implementation of new technology tools including Tableau dashboards and other platforms.
Develop new dashboard and key metrics to monitor liquidity and funding profile across various portfolios, time horizons, and markets.

Operations
Act as occasional back up for cash position reporting and exception pricing processing and escalation of non-standard pricing requests.
Maintain up-to-date process documentation around reporting processes including data sources and inputs.
Engage with different groups across IT, operations, and product development to enhance reporting, identify new data sources, and enhance the bank's understanding of customer behaviors.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Accounting, or related fields from an accredited institution
CFA or MsF preferred
Minimum 3 years in corporate treasury or financial services required
Alternate combination of education and experience may be considered
Experience with statistical modeling or econometric modeling including data management, model development, and interpreting and presenting results
Strong skills in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and ability to clearly communicate
Proficiency in statistical modeling/programming languages such as R, Python, or SQL required
Willingness to learn new analysis, querying, and data visualization programs required",3.0,"BankUnited
3.0","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
124,Computer Scientist 1,-1,"Computer Scientist

NSBU | Melbourne, FL, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a candidate that has a broad software and computer skillset but is interested in advanced signal processing applications.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the Jr. Computer Scientist position?

Candidate will be responsible for developing within a heterogeneous software repository containing code in Python, MATLAB, C++ and Java. Candidate will also be responsible for maintaining this repository and its accessibility. Machine Learning, Cloud Technology, and a strong CS background is highly desired. Good communication skills with ability to interact with remote co-workers and customers are required. Looking for people able to find creative and cutting-edge solutions for customer issues.

What required background will make you successful?
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or other equivalent field of discipline
Some experience in scientific programming
Experience programming in a high-level language such as C/C++ on Unix/Linux platforms
Experience programming in high level interpreted languages such as PYTHON and/or MATLAB
Familiarity with interfacing C/C++ libraries within interpreted languages.
Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Melbourne, FL office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.",4.1,"Rincon Research Corporation
4.1","Melbourne, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
125,STAFF SCIENTIST,"$24k-$51k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: Staff Scientist

Requisition Number: 2020-2410-09

S&ME is an employee-owned engineering firm that provides civil, geotechnical, environmental, planning, landscape architecture, survey and construction services. Consistently ranked in the top 100 of ENR's Top 500 Design Firms, our markets are diverse and include transportation, energy, water/wastewater, commercial development, industry, healthcare, education and government. We recruit top talent and are currently seeking a Staff Scientist to join our team in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

The individual will perform field and office work associated with environment evaluations. Field work will include: soil sampling, groundwater sampling, surface water sampling, sediment sampling, wetland delineations, stream classifications, and fauna/flora identification. Other responsibilities include completing data entry to capture field activities, and the preparation of standard environmental reports. This individual will be expected to maintain knowledge of, and compliance with, regulatory requirements by attending environmental or natural resources training courses, or other in-house trainings. This position will require some travel and overnight stays.

Qualifications:
BS in environmental science, geology, biology, chemistry or related field;
2-4 years field experience in related field;
Ability to work outdoors in varying weather conditions;
Ability and willingness to accommodate overnight and out-of-town assignments;
Good technical writing, verbal communication, and computer skills.
This is a full-time position with competitive pay based on experience. Successful candidate must meet requirements of the company's Fleet Management Program, Substance Policy and Reference Check program. Submit resume, cover letter, and salary expectations for consideration. Only qualified candidates with acceptable employment eligibility verification (I-9) will be considered. Visa assistance not provided. S&ME reserves the right to fill this position with an internal or external candidate at any time during the search. S&ME is not responsible for unauthorized job postings or submissions of resumes using external links/websites.

No candidate/recruiter calls, personal calls or walk-ins accepted.

An Equal Opportunity Employer.

Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.7,"S&ME, Inc.
3.7","Chattanooga, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
126,Point72 Data Scientist,"$119k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Point72
Point72 Asset Management is a global firm led by Steven Cohen that invests in multiple asset classes and strategies worldwide. Resting on more than a quarter-century of investing experience, we seek to be the industry’s premier asset manager through delivering superior risk-adjusted returns, adhering to the highest ethical standards, and offering the greatest opportunities to the industry’s brightest talent. We’re inventing the future of finance by revolutionizing how we develop our people and how we use data to shape our thinking. For more information, visit www.Point72.com/working-here.
A Career with Point72's Market Intelligence Group
Market Intelligence is shaping Point72 for the future by combining the most innovative data sources, analysis, and investment tools with the Firm’s traditional strengths at deep fundamental analysis of how companies and industries operate. Market Intelligence finds, tests, analyzes, and models alternative data; conducts deep fundamental research; and helps our investment teams generate alpha-producing ideas using our data and research. We produce investment insights by using machine learning techniques, fundamental company analysis, macro and sell-side research, and quantitative methodologies.
Role
As a Data Scientist, you will support an idea generator testing investment theses using alternative data and building models to execute on the results of that research.
Responsibilities
Test research hypotheses and assumptions of researchers
Pull data from disparate sources
Design and validate models that transform data into actionable insights
Identify and deploy statistical, machine learning, and deep learning methods that strike the right balance between predictive power and robustness
Write efficient, modular, and dependable code, packages, libraries, and scripts
Iterate quickly to test the additive impact of new data and research findings on alpha generation
Document all work extensively
Stay abreast of new research
Desirable Candidates
Ph.D. (preferred) or M.S. in a technical field with an applied or experimental component
3+ years of experience in a relevant field researching real-world data problems (though not necessarily in finance)
Extensive experience developing algorithms and production-grade code
Strong programming skills in Python and SQL/NoSQL
Experience with cloud infrastructures
Strong written and verbal communication skills and a proven ability to collaborate with others",3.9,"Point72
3.9","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
127,Clinical Data Scientist,-1,"You will conduct analyses using various disparate types of healthcare data (e.g., clinical trial data, insurance claims data, Electronic Health Record (EHR) data, etc.). You will explore these data with a critical eye and transform these data into meaningful insights, creating outputs that may be used for publication, regulatory submissions, internal decision-making, market tracking, or other uses. Working closely with the other members of the Clinical Computational Sciences team, you will be encouraged to use new and emerging data sources and technologies to drive innovation and to conduct analyses at scale.
The Impact You Will Have
Our mission is to make innovative drugs affordable and accessible. You will be instrumental in making that vision a reality. We are working to build a truly modern and efficient clinical development organization, with data at the core of what we do. You will play a key role in analyzing this data in support of our development programs.
Your Superpowers
You hold a Masters or PhD in biostatistics, epidemiology, health economics, public health, computational biology or another quantitative scientific discipline, with 1-3 years of work experience
You are problem focused, creative, and practical in how you apply data to problems
You love working with data and live for the “aha!” moments where you use it to answer meaningful questions
You have experience applying observational and statistical methods to conduct rigorous scientific analyses
You’re energized by the prospect of rolling up your sleeves to tackle important problems in drug development and reimbursement
You can program fluently in a modern statistical programming software (e.g., R) and want to develop your skills further.
You’ve worked with data scientists and software engineers to put code into production – you think about scalable ways to improve the reach of your work.
You want to build a career in clinical data analysis (biostatistics, health economics, RWE, etc.)
Bonus points if you have experience in genomic data analysis or oncology data experience
You are an excellent communicator – you can use data to tell a clear and compelling story and can communicate complex analyses to many types of stakeholders
You have a curious mind and are excited to learn new skills, tools, and about novel types and uses of data.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
128,Software Engineer - Data Science,"$60k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels with Data Science experience. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for assisting in solving real world problems using data science techniques. The candidate should be experienced with exploratory data analysis, machine learning, network graph modeling, information insight, data mining, data driven analytics and statistical methods.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop and deploy software solutions
Self-motivated and have a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Working directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems
Creating and deploying predictive models from a wide variety of data sources and types using the latest mathematical and statistical methods
Performing enterprise level software development, integration, and implementation using advanced data science or big data technologies
Establishing and implementing end-to-end proof of concepts
Performing data mining, statistical analysis, predictive modeling and simulation, and forecasting for the development of solutions
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams using documentation, presentations, and demonstrations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design and development of data science software applications
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Experience with Exploratory Data Analysis including wrangling, grooming, transformation, and analysis
Experience applying statistical methods to solve data problems
Software development programming experience in languages such as Python, R, Java, Scala
Experience using IDE tools such as Jupyter to develop and demonstrate results
Experience with integrating and using Data Science libraries such as scikit-learn, MlLib, Pandas, python (Jupyter, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.), R, Java
Experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques
Experience with Agile development and Agile tools (i.e. Jira, Confluence)
Experience within the SIGINT mission environment and an understanding of customer data formats
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Experience using large-scale distributed frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, Tensorflow
Experience with GPU-based machine learning techniques


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
129,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SIGNAL PROCESSING,"$50k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. Collaborate and work in a dynamic team environment, developing and testing software for various types of aircraft. Participate in software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Will be responsible for requirements analysis, software design, coding, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Develop new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (must have focus in Computer Science) with 0-5 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience or coursework with software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have the basic knowledge of solid software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing; software/hardware integration and software documentation. Exposure to embedded real-time application development as well as cyber detection will be considered. Experience with Python and/or Java desirable. Exposure to agile methodologies, software engineering practices, requirements analysis, or software design is desirable. Excellent technical communications skills are required. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Dayton, Ohio. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Dayton, Ohio


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Dayton, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
130,Senior Data Scientist Marketing,"$130k-$150k
(Employer Est.)","****This position is located in Clearwater, FL and is only temporarily remote due to current COVID restrictions.*****

KnowBe4, Inc. is a high growth information security company. We are the world's largest provider of new-school security awareness training and simulated phishing. KnowBe4 was created to help organizations manage the ongoing problem of social engineering. Tens of thousands of organizations worldwide use KnowBe4's platform to mobilize their end users as a last line of defense and enable them to make better security decisions, every day.

We have ranked a best place to work for women, millennials, and in technology nationwide by Fortune Magazine as well as #1 or #2 in The Tampa Bay Top Workplaces Survey for the last five years. We have also had 27 record-setting quarters in a row.

The Senior Data Scientist (Marketing) will work closely with the SVP of FP&A and Dir of Analytics to implement advanced analytical models and other data-driven solutions.

Responsibilities:
Work with stakeholders in marketing to identify opportunities to use available data to develop business solutions.
Enhance existing data collection procedures to ensure that all data relevant for analyses is captured.
Cleanse, consolidate, and verify the integrity of data used in analyses.
Build and validate predictive models to increase customer retention, revenue generation, and other business outcomes.
Assist in the design and data modeling of the data warehouse.
Visualize data, especially in reports and dashboards, to communicate analysis results to stakeholders.
Extend data collection to unstructured data within the company and external sources
Develop machine learning driven products for internal use.
Perform ad-hoc analysis, presentations and other projects as required
Minimum Qualifications:
Master's degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or other quantitative discipline. PhD preferred.
Master's degree 4+ yrs in similar role: PhD 3+ yrs
Experience with statistical computer languages (Python, R etc.) to manipulate and analyze large datasets.
Experience with databases, query languages, and associated data architecture.
Experience with data visualization tools like Looker, Tableau, PowerBI, or Plotly
Experience in professional application of machine learning algorithms such as Random Forest, SVM, k-NN, Naïve Bayes, Gradient Boosting. Deep learning frameworks (Keras/Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc.) is a plus
Experience applying data science to marketing including attribution modeling, media mix modeling, and ROI analysis.
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical colleagues
Experience with marketing automation platforms and/or CRM software is a plus (Hubspot, Salesforce, Marketo, etc.)
Experience with AWS is a plus
Note: An applicant assessment, background check and drug test may be part of your hiring procedure.

No recruitment agencies, please.",4.8,"KnowBe4
4.8","Clearwater, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
131,Data Scientist,-1,"About us

Boxy Charm was founded in 2013 and continues to be a leader in the beauty subscription box industry experiencing immense growth of more than 100% year over year. We work with some of the hottest brands including Butter London, Dr. Brandt, Elemis, GlamGlow, Smashbox, Tarte, Too Faced and many more.

Today, Boxy Charm has a community of more than 2.4 million followers across its social media platforms, 10 million monthly visitors online and is the #1 searched beauty box brand on YouTube. In 2018, Inc magazine named it as one of the fastest growing companies in the nation. Boxy Charm is headquartered in South Florida and has an office in Toronto, Canada.

About you

Boxy Charm is seeking a Data Scientist who will use a range of data science and machine learning methodologies to build solutions for a variety of business initiatives. Additionally, the ideal candidate will be able to solve complex problems and apply those solutions within a cutting-edge cloud-based technology platform.

The role will be filled with a solution-oriented candidate that thrives on working in a highly dynamic and engaging environment.

What you will be doing
Work closely with different business units and translate high level business problems into actionable deliverables for the Data & Algorithms team
Work with a wide variety of data ranging between social media and email to customer transactions and logistics
Develop a variety of machine learning models including customer recommendations, customer propensity, forecasting, and marketing performance.
Collaborate closely with the Software Development and DevOps teams to ensure continued delivery of high-quality data through our data processing pipeline
Partner with various business stakeholders and implement solutions that improve their business process
Conduct big data analysis using SQL, Python, Snowflake, Spark and other technologies
Break down complex projects and problems into actionable tasks that be delivered quickly and iteratively and provide value to the business stakeholders
Key Understandings
Customer lifetime value, regression analysis, cohorts, retention, customer lifecycle, customer segmentation, machine learning, large-scale data analysis, classification and propensity modeling
What you will bring to the table
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Math, Statistics or a related field
3+ years of experience programming in languages such as Python, Java, Scala, Ruby, R
3+ years of experience working with SQL and relational databases
3+ years of experience with machine learning, statistical modeling, and data mining techniques
Experience with one or more machine learning algorithms such as neural networks, regression, clustering etc.
Working experience with machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow, Keras, ScikitLearn, H20.ai, MXNet, Caffe, Gluon etc. is highly desirable
Experience working in an Agile (SCRUM, XP etc.) development environment
Experience with AWS or other cloud environments is desirable
Knowledge of Big Data and NoSQL systems such as Snowflake, Hadoop, Spark, MongoDB, etc. is a plus",3.1,"Boxy Charm
3.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Beauty & Personal Accessories Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
132,Sr Data Engineer,-1,"We are looking for a Senior Data Engineer to work with one of our US-based clients, who is reinventing the delivery of health and human services. Our client’s collaborative platform unites healthcare providers, government, and the community around the common goal of improving health outcomes for everyone.

Data has long been a foundation of our client’s system and their requirements around data have grown more sophisticated and central to their mission. They are now harvesting the data in the platform and transforming it into an actionable source of information that stakeholders use to understand the impact that Social Determinants of Health are having on communities.

The company is made up of 160 professionals, including QAs, Product Managers, and 30 Engineers, mostly based in the NY area. Some of the main technologies used are APIs, Ruby on Rails, Golang, Lambda AWS, Neo4J running on EC2 nodes, MySQL, Postgres, microservices, enterprise data warehouse, Redshift, and Tableau. The team is currently working on a single-page application on front-end technologies such as React and JavaScript.

Our client is looking for people to join their team who share a passion for their mission to reinvent Health & Human Services and aspire to make a lasting difference for future generations.
You are the one if you have:
Strong experience building Data Warehouses using Spark and Python or Java
Strong experience using Scala for data transformations
Vast knowledge about ETL processes and Data Lakes
Experience with AWS (S3, Redshift Spectrum)
It’s a bonus if you have experience working with:
Tableau
Neo4J
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Engineer role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
133,Senior Data Engineer,"$88k-$158k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data Engineer at Burgess you will work alongside some incredibly smart and talented engineers. You will be exposed to very large data sets from various domains that help us provide the best payment integrity platform to large healthcare providers. We are a small, but mighty (and growing) organization that is dedicated and passionate about our clients, our product, and the work each of us undertakes to delight our customers. At Burgess, you will be seen, you will be challenged, and we hope you have some fun along the way. Currently, our Data Solutions team is looking to bring aboard a new senior team member so we can increase our capacity and make larger strides in product development. If this sounds like an environment you would thrive in, keep reading.

In this role, we expect you to come to the table, ready to contribute to the team and let your years of experience and data engineering skills shine.

On a day to day basis, you can expect to:

Lead the charge to improve system performance, capacity, reliability, and scalability.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources such as flat files, Excel, Access, PDF, XML, JSON, EDI etc.
Create and maintain complex T-SQL scripts, stored procedures, functions, views, triggers, CTEs, Recursive table expressions etc. to handle large and complex datasets.
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture for various Burgess applications, provide channels and processes that pushes this data to various applications and are responsible for the integrity of the data.
Implement best practices for data updates and development, troubleshoot performance and other data related issues on multiple product applications.
Automate manual routine tasks and data process, optimize data delivery and infrastructure for greater scalability.
Develop reports on data dictionary, server metadata, user data etc. and implement the reporting tools as needed.Design, draft, cost, and present recommendations to leadership.
Analyze test results and work with Developers and Engineers to perform bug fixes.
Perform root cause analysis of performance issues and suggest corrective actions.
Oversee system performance lifecycle and identify key metrics for performance improvements.
Generate periodic performance reports for management review.
Lead, mentor, coach and train junior team members to ensure appropriate growth in skills, knowledge and scalability of the department.

Collectively, the Burgess team is dedicated to producing an exceptional product. Along the way, we care about each other, work to clear a path to get things done and consistently look for ways to expand our horizons to grow as individuals and as a company. If this sounds like a team you want to be a part of and bring the same commitment and energy to your work, we look forward to hearing from you.

Qualifications & Skills

Required:

US Citizen or Green Card holder
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field.
Minimum of 8 years’ professional work experience
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in a Data Engineer role
Minimum of 3 years’ experience in team leadership/management
Ability to model data to third normal form and understand the benefits of normalization.
Ability to analyze a query execution plan and devise a plan to improve query performance.
Ability to parse JSON and XML into relational form and transform a relational structure into JSON or XML.
Strong oral and written communication skills including the ability to engage appropriately with executives and author a wide range of technical documents

Desired, but not required:

Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or similar quantitative field.
Experience with industry standard version control system tools like Git, Bitbucket.
Experience with writing C# tasks in SSIS.
Experience with or an interest in alternative implementations of data storage such as MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Cassandra, and Hadoop.
Experience with or an interest in reporting technologies such as Tableau, Power BI and if the opportunity presents itself learning MDX and DAX.

Headquartered in Alexandria, VA, Burgess is a team of engineers, designers, policy analysts, data scientists, and business leaders who believe thoughtful technology can transform the ﬂow of resources in the American healthcare system. We are a small team solving a big problem in a system that affects millions of people every day. At Burgess, you will join forces with some of the brightest minds in technology, healthcare, and finance, directly influencing our day-to-day decisions and ultimately, the impact we have in the world. Your Contributions Truly Matter. We are a growing company, so you’ll be given plenty of creative freedom and the opportunity to thrive—everything you do will count. We look forward to hearing from you.",2.5,"The Burgess Group LLC
2.5","Alexandria, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
134,Data Scientist,"$116k-$181k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Zynga is a leading developer of the world’s most popular social games that are played by people around the world every single day. To-date, more than 1 billion people have played our games across Web and mobile, including Words With Friends, FarmVille, Zynga Poker, Merge Dragons, Empires & Puzzles, Hit it Rich! Slots and CSR.

Zynga’s Marketing Data Science and Analytics team uses our outstanding and expansive data to deliver fundamental insights on who our audience is, how they engage with our games, and what are the best ways to acquire them. We strive for a better understanding of our players which translates into challenges and features that delight them.

Here’s where you would come in: identify and formalize problems related to campaign optimization. Design and develop systems and services to optimize campaigns at scale. Be innovative, be creative, use every bit of that key commodity – data. Millions of people play Zynga games every day, so our data is tremendously rich, and we have a lot of it!

We will rely on you to communicate your findings to your peers – both technical and non-technical. Your solutions to difficult problems will need to be demonstrably impactful, visual and maintainable. You will collaborate with engineering teams to build proof-of-concept and MVPs of campaign bidders and optimizers. You will collaborate with User Acquisition Managers, Product Managers, and Engineers to deliver business impact.

Responsibilities:
Design and implement scalable systems and models to experiment with campaigns and creatives across channels and acquire users at scale
Work with large amounts of data to find and realize opportunities to acquire and re-target users profitably delivering unambiguous business metric impact
Craft effective campaign strategies to acquire users across a multitude of user acquisition channels
Drive and empower user acquisition team to make quantitatively informed, evidence based decisions - through custom visualizations, and ETLs to augment user data
Design, test, verify and implement machine learning models with Zynga’s games that impact millions of users. Models may include but not limited to LTV modelling, campaign bid recommendations, budget allocation, clustering/segmentation, forecasting, fraud detection, and / or reinforcement learning
Build prototypes and MVPs of services and applications that improve effectiveness of campaigns, creatives, ad networks and/or user segments.
Required Skills and Experience:
B.S. or B.A. in Math, Statistics, Comp Sci, Engineering, or other quantitative field required; Masters, MBA or PhD preferred
5+ years of relevant work experience in data science or analytics role in a Marketing Analytics or a User Acquisition Analytics Team
Familiar with mobile performance marketing and/or user acquisition landscape
Strong experience in SQL;
Proficient in Python; Proven fundamental programming skills (algorithms, data structures, OOP, OS, Networking, AWS Cloud); Ability to design distributed systems
Ability to build and maintain software services and systems at scale; experience in deploying services in at least one cloud provider (AWS, Google Cloud or Azure)
Proven experience with some of the following: machine learning, predictive modeling, deep learning
Experience in analyzing large datasets, preferably in a Hadoop or Spark environment, and deploying production ready systems at scale
Strong written and oral communication skills
Strong passion for gaming and performance marketing!
Zynga is an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our broad community; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. We welcome job-seekers, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds. Join us!

We will consider all qualified job-seekers with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.

Zynga is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need an accommodation during the interview process, please let us know.",4.1,"Zynga
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
135,Senior Data Scientist,"$135k-$145k
(Employer Est.)","About Us

At GutCheck, we pioneered agile market research to provide our clients with actionable insights at the speed of their business. As the marketplace rapidly evolves, we're evolving with it. By combining qualitative, quantitative, and behavioral methodologies, our team of full-service research experts synthesizes insights to help clients make more confident business decisions -- connecting them with their target consumers earlier and more often in the development process.

What Makes Our Approach Different

We create heroes out of our clients by providing them with contextualized insights to more efficiently and effectively connect with their target audiences. Enabled by technology and automation, we are dedicated partners who take a human-first approach to delivering powerful insights. Today, we are bringing agile to strategy: enabling brands to gather robust foundational insights in an agile, iterative way to inform key business within the demands of today's innovation timelines.

Here's where you come in:

As our Senior Data Scientist, you will be the primary contributor that will operationalize predictive models built with machine learning and advanced analytic technologies. GutCheck owns years of structured and unstructured data. We've started to identify patterns in our world-class market research using machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow. You will help us by providing expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader cross-functional analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization.

You will work closely with our talented and agile Product and Engineering teams to craft scalable, well-designed solutions that address the technical and architectural challenges inherent to making sense of our data. We have a focus on quality, automation, and innovation. We encourage our Engineers to think creatively and flexibly when choosing solutions, tools, and techniques. Our team offers an environment where trust and innovation are encouraged, egos aren't accepted, and collaboration is core to our DNA.

You will advocate, evangelize and build data-fueled products that help our internal and external customers gain deeper insights into direct, targeted consumer feedback. This data can and will be coupled with third-party data sources to help our clients be heroes by making well informed business decisions. You'll help research and choose which data sources will provide unique and compelling insights, and then you'll dig in and become an expert on that data. You will provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables.

For more information on the company and the GutCheck team, please go to www.gutcheckit.com

This job description is not a complete list of your qualifications or position roles. GutCheck is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.",3.9,"GutCheck
3.9","Denver, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
136,"Associate Scientist, Automation",-1,"The Associate Scientist is responsible for the daily manufacturing of custom oligonucleotides, participating in the development of manufacturing procedures and processes, and fostering a culture of safety and quality. The associate scientist collaborates in daily production scheduling, priorities, reporting workloads and priorities to management, troubleshooting equipment, processes, and product, and ensuring instrumentation readiness within the manufacturing space.

Areas of Responsibility:

Heavily Participates in oligo manufacturing processes in order to meet production deadlines and KPIs
Utilizes manufacturing process knowledge and investigational skills to identify and resolve manufacturing issues and implement continuous improvement in process operations.
Participates in cross functional teams to drive investigation close outs, determine root causes and implement appropriate corrective and preventative actions.
Participates in troubleshooting and monitoring of production equipment.
Able to coordinate complex manufacturing projects
Provide project progress to management on a regular basis.
Capable of operating and manufacturing product on all instruments in immediate work area.
Effectively communicate and coordinate with internal and external suppliers, production team members and production managers to assure the most efficient use of time and resources; initiating and fostering a spirit of cooperation within and between departments.
Review processes and write appropriate controlled documents as needed.
Participates in the development and documentation of new processes to be used in the synthesis and purification of custom oligonucleotides.
Analyzes raw data, organizes results and plans project steps accordingly.
Maintains accurate and complete records for development and experimental projects and results.
Independent decision making and exercise independent judgement and discretion.
Performs training of production team members on new processes.
Acts as a scientific resource for teams within the custom manufacturing group.
Proactively interface with production group and internal customers to identify and implement areas of continuous improvement.
Responsible for the safe use of hazardous chemicals in a manufacturing environment on a daily basis
Supply regular feedback to management on the status of instrumentation and process.

Other Skills and Abilities:

Professional presence and strong attention to detail
Technical proficiency that enables effective participation of the production process
Strong communication and problem solving abilities

CA1

Qualifications

Qualifications:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Education/Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in the Life Sciences or Chemistry, 3+ years of industry experience position and/or demonstrates proficiency to meet the requirements of an Associate Scientist, Oligo Manufacturing Sciences

Mathematical Skills:

Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Capable of calculating equivalents

Computer Skills:

Microsoft Office, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint and Excel.

Use of a web browser.

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit ergonomically correctly; use hands to finger, handle or feel, ability to talk and/or hear. The employee is required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 30 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 30 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to focus. Repetitive motion with word processing and data entry. Heavy phone use.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

This role has occasional handling of hazardous chemicals.

Safety/Personal Protective Equipment (PPE):

Adhere to company safety policy and PPE policy.",-1,LGC Limited,"Petaluma, CA",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
137,Data Scientist - Risk,"$77k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientist (Risk)

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our technology and data driven approach to providing working capital, along with our accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ is searching for a Data Scientist (Risk) to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for building data driven tools to automate and scale risk decisions decision points include, fraud detection, commercial credit analysis, and invoice payment behavior. The ideal candidate is an experienced researcher and data wrangler who enjoys applying complex theories to solve real world business problems. The Data Scientist will need to collaborate effectively with both technical (engineers, data experts) and non-technical (business users) colleagues to bring the data to life.

Responsibilities of Data Scientist (Risk)
We have 20+ years of real-world commercial data weve observed businesses and their interactions with other businesses across market cycles, industries, and catastrophic events. Build risk tools that optimize for velocity and scale.
Build risk tools that optimize science & art you will work with risk experts who have been in the trenches (and learned from losses). Augment human decisions with machine.
Lay the foundation for scale. A data science framework for optimal data acquisition, model training and deployment. Dont take short-cuts. Bring quantitative and statistical rigor to your body of work.
Lead by example. You are joining a data team at ground-level. Building and inserting a data team, into a 20+ year old company (organism) will be hard, but rewarding.
Qualifications for Risk Data Scientist
Curiosity, Grit, and Humility
5+ years of experience of hands-on data science role
Previous experience of building commercial finance risk tools should be beneficial, but not required
Bachelor or Masters degree in Data Science, Operations Research, Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, or another quantitative field
A toolkit of modern data science techniques
Experience with any data science tools/packages: Python, R, SAS, XGBoost, TensorFlow, NLTK
Experience with any big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with any reporting tools: Tableau Server, Power BI, SSRS, Excel
Experience with any AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Aurora, S3
Experience with any Stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming
Position Type and Expected Hours of Work:

This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. Occasional evening and weekend work may be required as job duties demand.

Physical Demands:

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch.

Travel:

There will be minimal travel required for this position.

LSQ is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived, race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), sexual orientation, parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, any other non-merit based factor or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Our leadership team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities and general treatment during employment. If youd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm",4.5,"LSQ
4.5","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
138,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ADVANCED INSPECTION SYSTEMS,"$58k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


The Intelligent Systems Division develops automated solutions for commercial and government clients in multiple domains including transportation (traffic management, connected automated vehicle), manufacturing robotics, medical prognostics and communication standards.


Objectives of this Role:

Leverage embedded development, machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data techniques to advanced analysis and development of high reliability software and custom sensing technologies.

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Develop technical solutions for high reliability software and custom sensing applications.
Promote developed solutions in technical industry through conference presentations and/or research paper publications.
For more information about the position see:
https://www.swri.org/leak-detection
https://www.swri.org/industries/machine-learning-technologies
https://www.swri.org/industry/chemical-analysis-services/mass-spec-data-analysis

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors or a Masters or a PhD with a 3.00 GPA in BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or other related disciplines.
0-5 years in software development or engineering
Course work or experience in more than one of the following: embedded systems, signal processing, machine learning/artificial intelligence, FPGA development, sensors and instrumentation, Python Programming
Strong software skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills required
Ability to work in project team environments and independently
Excellent problem-solving skills and driven by challenging problems
Aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
139,Staff Data Scientist,-1,"We are a company of passionate individuals striving to improve healthcare and patient experiences. Our evidence-based medical content and software tools empower both payers and providers to make the best decisions for patients. Our work makes a difference in the quality of care that hundreds of thousands of patients receive each day and we're proud of our positive impact.

MCG Health's Data Science Solutions Team is responsible for building, delivering, evolving and operating the company's Data Science Solutions. These solutions empower doctors, nurses and patients to make the best decisions for health outcomes and quality of life factors valued by patients. The primary purpose of the Senior Data Scientist is to provide thought leadership and pragmatic technical leadership to the Data Science Solutions group and their use of AI, Data Science, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing Technologies.

In this role you will:
Collaborate with business, product, technical stakeholders and team members to deliver innovative solutions that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare delivery
Be an expert on problems that matter to MCG's markets / clients, and propose approaches to leverage data, AI / ML / NLP / DS technologies and MCG's assets to address these problems
Contribute to establishing a team environment of collaboration, excellence and innovation
Provide thought leadership regarding the continually advancing state of the art of readily available AI technologies and cloud-based services that are relevant to MCG products and solutions
Contribute to establishment and evolution of methodologies for development and maintenance of data science models, to ensure effective usage and rapid, continuous improvement
Contribute to technology choices (build, buy, use open source) to support rapid experimentation and development of data models that can be readily transitioned to production
Collaborate with DSS and/or MCG software engineering leadership to deploy platforms to support data ingestion from internal and external sources, and to deploy platforms to support continuous transformation of successful models into production usage
Partner with MCG technical leadership team to ensure compliance with security, privacy (HIPAA), regulatory and other obligations
Represent MCG's Data Science Solutions group, products and technologies to business and technical stakeholders at client companies and industry groups / associations
We'd love to hear from you if:
You have a minimum 5 years experience working with AI technologies
You have demonstrated experience building one or both of: Predictive / classification models using Machine Learning techniques, NLP systems using Deep Learning, or other techniques
You have demonstrated experience delivering successful ML and/or NLP solutions to the marketplace is required.
You have demonstrated experience working with software engineers to design and deliver Data Science platforms and tooling for use by a Data Science team is required; this may include creating such a platform from the ground up or successful configuration / deployment / usage of third-party platforms augmented by internally built tooling as needed
You have demonstrated experience with cloud-based data science services
You have demonstrated experience mentoring and providing technical leadership for data science model experimentation, and ongoing enhancement / evolution of solutions
You have demonstrated the ability to think ""outside the box"" and identify business problems appropriate to usage of AI / ML / NLP / DS techniques is required
You have demonstrated proficiency with lean system development practices successfully applied to deliver business value at sustainable velocity
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity, and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. It is only with diverse thoughts and ideas that we'll be able to create the change we want in healthcare. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be for it.",4.6,"MCG Health
4.6",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
140,Senior Marketing Data Scientist,"$100k-$164k
(Glassdoor Est.)","National Funding is continuing to grow its Analytics Department and has an exciting opportunity as a Senior Data Scientist. This high-profile role is at the center of activity for the company and is a major driver and contributor to National Funding's core strategy and growth. We are looking for a data-driven individual with excellent analytical skills and experience to work alongside business stakeholders primarily on our Direct Marketing team to deliver insights and make recommendations.

Senior Data Scientist Major Responsibilities

Provides analytic support and strategic thought partnership to Direct Marketing team
The ideal candidate will have the ability to tell stories with the data, communicate effectively and instill confidence in recommendations to motivate stakeholders to take action
Builds recommendations by synthesizing data from multiple sources, developing assumptions where needed, to drive business insights and strategy development
Delivers key insights with interpretation and recommendation, contributes to the development of hypotheses and actions, and presents them to management team
Partners with Marketing leaders to identify key customer segments and contributes to the execution of various campaigns and initiatives
Develop statistical models to aide in selection of prospects for direct mail campaigns
Develops new and better analytics approaches to solve questions in a creative way

The Ideal Candidate

3-5 years of experience in data analysis, preferably in Direct Marketing
Hands-on expertise with data mining and statistical modeling techniques such as clustering, classification, regression, tree-based methods, neural nets, support vector machines, anomaly detection, and natural language processing
Proven leadership within a data-driven organization with the ability to influence decisions
Strong knowledge of SQL and/or SAS
Experience with SAS, R, Python and other data modeling tools
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Experience with Tableau (preferred) or similar BI tools
Experience with A/B testing setup and evaluation preferred
Outstanding communication skills with both technical and non-technical colleagues

Prefer candidates with experience in Finance, Mortgage, Banking",3.4,"National Funding
3.4","San Diego, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
141,Data Scientist- Streetsboro Ohio Office,-1,"The Step2 Company is the largest American manufacturer of preschool and toddler toys and one of the world’s largest rotational molders of plastics. It’s our mission to be the leading innovator of children's products that build imaginations and enrich the family's celebration of childhood.

Step2 proudly employs moms, dads, grandparents, aunts, uncles and everyone in between. We offer an environment of fun and hard work. Our mission of bringing families together isn’t just for our customers. The Step2 family starts with our employees and we’re excited that you’re interested in joining our team!

PRIMARY FUNCTION: Reporting to the IT Director, and in close collaboration FP&A, the Data Scientist will support our product, sales, operations, and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

SPECIFIC DUTIES/ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design
Functions as Oracle subject matter expert and ensures end users are properly trained to use system and reports appropriately; troubleshoots issues.
Serves as the System Administrator for the Daily Operating System (D.O.S.) Report and supporting network.
Ensures functionality and accuracy of reports which make up the D.O.S. report (i.e. Mold Placement Master, Mold Placement Report, Attendance Rosters).
Keeps D.O.S. supporting data updated (i.e. labor standards, NSP pricing, tooling information, goals, etc.)
Data mines and analyzes data from Oracle to provide user-friendly ad-hoc reports as request by various departments and upper level management.
Design and create a data repository to achieve the above objectives
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, a degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Adwords, Content Analytics, Facebook Insights, etc.


ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
Excellent project management skills
Ability to explain complex issues clearly and succinctly
Effectively summarizes and communicates results
Ability to forecast potential problems and pitfalls
What are the perks?
· Parental Leave
· 401k with Employer Match
· Tuition Assistance
· Company Paid Life& Disability Insurance
· Adoption Assistance
· Medical, Dental and Vision
· Premium FREE Medical Plan
· Employee Discount
· 10 Paid Holidays
· Advancement Opportunities
Join our family!

Apply today or text Step2Jobs to 97211 to connect with a recruiter.

Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer



Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"Step2
3.3","Streetsboro, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
142,Data Scientists with TS/SCI,-1,"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking Data Scientists with TS/SCI to support a client in Springfield, VA

My name is Stephen Hrutka, and I am the owner of a Veteran-owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

We are looking to hire (2) data scientists to support NGA in Springfield, VA. The role is remote to start, no idea when traditional onsite will begin.

Please see below for the position description. If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Position Tasks:
Develop Python or R code to read/categorize large amounts of unstructured data
Develop code to evaluate Intelligence Information Reports (IIRs) for metadata accuracy
Develop code that recognizes and extracts entities from IIRs w/ 90% accuracy
Visualize data derived from structuring of unstructured/semi-structured data
Brief results of code development to leadership to include methods, limitations, and assumptions
Position Deliverables:
Monthly reports
Code modules using Natural Language Processing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Code modules using Entity Recognition to analyze multiple unstructured data files and identify all people, groups, and categories of objects
Code modules using Latent Semantic Indexing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Develop code that can be stand-alone or incorporated into existing applications
Visualizations of large data sets, bringing forward unobscured data, and enabling personnel to understand the data quickly
Position Requirements:
Government Security Clearance
Minimum of (3) years of experience related to the following areas: parametric and non-parametric statistical methods; visualizing statistical effects in complex datasets; performing statistical data analysis in Python and/or R; providing and explaining clear analytical results in well-written reports
Ability to write and execute queries in SQL
Ability to visualize data with aid of data visualization tools such as Tableau
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
Ability to work in distributed systems and to develop creative solutions to data problems
Experience with database tools
Preferred Qualifications:
Statistical Modeling: 10 years
Natural Language Processing: 5 years
Python and R: 3 years
Latent Semantic Indexing: 5 years
SQL: 3 years
Tableau: 1 year
Entity Recognition: 5 years",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Springfield, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
143,"Senior Data Scientist (Palo Alto, CA or Remote US)",-1,"The Opportunity

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered price and promotions. Eversight's proprietary cloud-based SaaS solution brings AI and continuous experimentation to consumer brands and retailers. Our software acts as a coach, enabling market leaders to transform pricing and promotion strategy for the $3.4 trillion spent in consumer goods retail using intelligent, real-time data and insights.

Reporting directly to the Head of Data Science, you will be at the center of what determines Eversight's success as a company. You will analyze the data and develop production code using the newest Data Science and Machine Learning techniques to determine the optimal prices and promotions for major product manufacturers and retailers that sell these products.

Responsibilities
Research, implement and modify modern Data Science techniques. More specifically:
Build Statistical and Machine Learning models that describe the impact of prices and promotions on shopper behavior, including behavioral pricing effects. You'll need to find middle ground between using flexible modern AI methods and proven classical methods.
Develop Optimization and Experiment Design systems, which determine the best prices to set for each product in each store each week. Finding a good balance on the exploration-exploitation tradeoff will be important.
Design and run pricing experiments across hundreds of stores and tens of thousands of products
Create model validation methods to make sure that our models are accurate and to quantify the impact of our solutions on the clients' bottom line
Work with Product Management to generate ideas and quickly turn them into efficient, well-tested, functioning code (we mostly use Python)
Partner with the Engineering team to create highly scalable solutions
Serve as Data Science expert both within Eversight and for our clients
Lead custom analyses and connect them to actionable Business and Product insights
Help prioritize new feature development by assessing potential impact
Be a go-to resource for science-related questions about the product
Behavioral Profile
Analytical, framework thinker
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment
Highly collaborative
Strong at translating Data Science concepts to non-technical audiences
Business focused; measures work in its contributions to business outcomes and prioritizes effort against deliverables accordingly
Minimum Qualifications
5+ years of relevant experience in Data Science and/or Machine Learning with direct impact on business value
B.S., M.S., or PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Machine Learning, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science or relevant quantitative field
Strong understanding of Generalized Linear Models
Ability to write efficient code in Python
Experience with Hypothesis Testing and Maximum Likelihood Estimation
Preferred Qualifications
Team leadership experience strongly preferred
Startup experience strongly preferred
Experience in A/B testing and Design of Experiments
Agile experience
Experience with NumPy and Pandas (or equivalent experience in R)
Strong in math and statistics: Linear Algebra, Bayesian Methods, Regressions, Calculus
Experience in Machine Learning methods: Neural Networks (Deep Learning, Embeddings, Sequence Modeling, CNN), Tree-based methods (GBDT, Random Forest), Regularization Methods (L1/L2 penalties, Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction)
Demand Modeling, Pricing, and Causal Inference experience


Location

Palo Alto, CA

About the Company

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered pricing and promotions. Global brands and retailers rely on the Eversight platform to optimize pricing in response to market conditions and to deliver higher ROI on promotional spend. Eversight's Pricing Suite and Offer Innovation Suite solutions are driving strong margin and sales volume improvements for leading companies such as Coca-Cola, General Mills, Raley's, and Rite Aid. Founded in 2013, Eversight is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, with offices in Chicago and New York.",4.2,"Eversight
4.2",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
144,Data Scientist,-1,"Fidelity Talent Source is your destination for discovering your next temporary role at Fidelity Investments. We are currently sourcing for a senior data scientist and/or full stack machine learning engineer to work at Fidelity in Boston, MA.

We are looking for engineers with strong backgrounds in computer science/engineering to build and support complex, scalable AI frameworks, models, tools and APIs for a variety of Artificial Intelligence initiatives across the firm.

The Purpose of Your Role

The individual will engage in high profile data science and artificial intelligence projects working closely with multiple business units to define and implement next generation AI-based production solutions. Candidate must be comfortable in a fast-paced, unpredictable and sometimes ambiguous environment working with current and emerging AI technologies.

This is a multi-disciplinary role requiring both expert model-building and software engineering skills, so the successful candidate will be capable of developing and supporting core, reusable AI capabilities across many areas, and must have a proven record of providing thought leadership on end-to-end AI/machine learning pipelines and related components for other data science associates.

Education and Experience
PhD or MS in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering, Information Technology, Applied Mathematics, or related fields with, preferably, 5-7 years of experience prototyping and deploying Machine/Deep Learning solutions into production environments.
Hands-on experience with one or more of the following: Deep learning/neural network architectures, reinforcement learning, generative modeling, conversational AI, virtual assistants, automated speech recognition, unstructured text pipelines/modeling, anomaly detection, text summarization, classification, especially with NL/NLU/NLGP-related language models and encoders, e.g., Word2Vec, Glove, Bi-LSTMs, Attention Models, BERT, ALBERT, DeepCT, etc.
Expertise with deep learning frameworks/tools such as TensorFlow, PyTorch/PyCharm, Keras, MXNET, and/or H2O
Fluent in data science programming languages such as Python, R and at least one other programming language, e.g., C/C++, Scala, Julia, Java, Go, especially on GPU. CUDA experience a plus.
Engineering expertise for building production ML/DL model containers and pipelines at scale, specifically with Kubernetes, Docker, and big data technologies, AWS-related experience a plus, e.g., SageMaker, EKS, S3, SQS, Kinesis, Snowflake, shell scripting, etc.
In-depth knowledge of software/engineering lifecycle and principles (source control/git, debugging, testing, Jenkins, deployment, model retraining, CI/CD).
A passion for clean, reusable, object-oriented and/or functional software design principles.
Full stack development and an understanding of Reach design principles/components a plus.
Micro Service/API/API gateway, HTML, ES6, SQLAlchemy, and CSS development experience a plus
Company Culture

At Fidelity, you can find it all here. We reward ambitious, passionate individuals with a work environment that fosters diversity, teamwork and collaboration as well as encourages innovative ideas and fresh thinking. We recognize the value that employees’ individual differences can contribute to the bright and strong future of our company.

Company Overview

Fidelity TalentSource, formerly Veritude, is the in-house temporary staffing provider for Fidelity Investments, one of the largest and most diversified global financial services firms in the industry. We recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including technology and customer service, to fill assignments across Fidelity’s U.S.-based regional and investor center locations. If you would like to experience Fidelity’s diverse and inclusive workplace while expanding your skillset and developing your professional network, consider a role with Fidelity TalentSource.

For information about working at Fidelity TalentSource, visit FTSJobs.com.

Company Overview

Fidelity TalentSource, formerly Veritude, is the in-house temporary staffing provider for Fidelity Investments, one of the largest and most diversified global financial services firms in the industry. We recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including technology and customer service, to fill assignments across Fidelity’s U.S.-based regional and investor center locations. If you would like to experience Fidelity’s diverse and inclusive workplace while expanding your skill set and developing your professional network, consider a role with Fidelity TalentSource. For information about working at Fidelity TalentSource, visit FTSJobs.com.

Information about Fidelity Investments

At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com.

Fidelity Investments and Fidelity TalentSource are equal opportunity employers.",3.9,"Fidelity TalentSource
3.9","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
145,Marketing Data Analyst,-1,"Overview


As a key member of the Analytics team, the Marketing DataAnalyst will be responsible for data-driven insights that enable eFinancial and Fidelity Life Association to optimize business processes and grow rapidly. The Marketing Data Analyst will gather, organize and aggregate large sets of data in order to produce meaningful business insight in areas such as lead management, call center effectiveness, marketing spend effectiveness, and revenue generation. If you would love being an owner-operator of a fast-growing complex online business with modern technology stacks, building analytical and infrastructure solutions, and driving profitability via analytics, the Senior Marketing Analyst role is for you!

Responsibilities
Own the end-to-end lead performance management analytics to maximize risk-adjusted lifetime value generated by converting marketing spend into revenue
Develop lead / traffic forecasts by marketing channel, interpret sales conversion data, analyze and monitor results and recommend adjustments to keep marketing spend efficiency on track
Develop point solutions such as dynamic bidding models to guide lead and media buy
Work effectively with cross-functional partners in Business Intelligence, Marketing, and Finance to keep data initiatives on track, and provide periodic sales lead performance reporting to management team
Extract/extrapolate trends from competitor, user behavior, and market positioning analyses and recommend tangible opportunities for Business Development teams to maximize value of marketing relationships
Qualifications
Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause/ analyses
Strong verbal and written communications skills that enable you to explain complex insights with clarity and precision to executive management
Experience developing insights across various areas of customer related data: financial, product and marketing
Proficiency in MS SQL/MySQL, Tableau/PowerBI and mastery of Microsoft Suite (Excel)
Knowledge of cloud-based data structures including Redshift, and programming languages such as Python a huge plus
An analytical mindset with relevant education such as a Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Economics, Finance or any related field
2-5 years of experience as a Data/Business/Financial Analyst with large, complex data sources
EEOC/Other


eFinancial is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workplace. As an eFinancial employee, you will be eligible for Medical and Dental Insurance, Health Savings Accounts, Flexible Spending Accounts (Health, Dependent Care & Transit), Vision Care, 401(K), Short-term and Long-term Disability, Life and AD&D coverages.",3.6,"Efinancial
3.6",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
146,Senior Data Scientist with Top Secret,"$109k-$180k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What You'll Get to Do as a Data Scientist: *
Leads data science efforts, working closely with clients and data to understand mission and data.
Develops algorithms leveraging modern data science technologies including reinforcement learning systems, machine learning and more.
Provides clients with technical expertise for a project or program. Able to manage technology projects or lead technology solutioning.
Provides highly technical and specialized guidance and solutions to complex IT problems; performs elaborate analyses and studies.
Evaluates, recommends, and executes new technologies and updates existing infrastructure to ensure optimal performance and efficiency.
Develops IT strategies to ensure the systems meet existing and future requirements based on needs and regulations.
Works in a variety of environments and has excellent verbal and non-verbal communication skills. Works effectively and independently.
You’ll Bring These Qualifications: *
Must have an active TS or TS/SCI
At least 5 years of experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with multiple database types such as SQL, Redis and MongoDB
Experience building and integrating the at the application and database level
Experience developing REST/SOAP APIs and messaging protocols and formats
At least 2 years of theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization
Experience implementing event/data streaming services such as Kafka
Experience prototyping front-end visualizations utilizing data visualization suites such as Kibana or Splunk
At least 2 years of experience developing Reinforcement learning systems utilizing at least one of the following methodologies. Finite Markov Decision Processes, Support Vector Machines, Q-Learning, Stochastic Finite State Machines, MCTS or other hybrid Deep Reinforcement Learning processes
Experience in theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization.
Experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with databases such as SQL or MongoDB.
Experience working with large-scale data sets.
Experience producing data visualizations for a variety of different audiences.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills along with the ability to present technical data and approaches to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On Call
Experience:
SAS: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Science: 5 years (Preferred)
Machine Learning: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
R: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Washington, DC 20016 (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.oneglobeit.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"OneGlobe LLC
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
147,Data Scientist (Remote/ Virtual),-1,"We Are Hiring

This is a remote opportunity to join our growing and innovative Ascension Data Science Institute!

The Ascension Data Sciences Institute (ADSI) was created in July 2019 with the mission of supporting Ascension in achieving its Quadruple Aim with uniquely skilled, high-performing associates who develop analyses, models and applications to enable Ascension in providing higher value healthcare and making strategic decisions. ADSI is comprised of 6 domains addressing 1) Clinical quality and patient safety; 2) Health Economics and Clinical Outcomes; 3) Strategic Operations and Financial Analytics; 4) Actuarial and Managed Care Analytics; 5) Registry Abstraction Healthcare Solutions; and 6) Healthcare Data Intelligence. We recognize that the healthcare environment is a complex ecosystem of rapidly evolving clinical and economic practices that affect patient and provider experience and demands increasingly sophisticated and complex measurement. Our objective is for advanced analytics and data science to play a critical and foundational role in the transformation of care delivery, quality and financial outcomes to enable our organization’s competitive advantage. To meet these objectives, Ascension is investing in its analytics capabilities and the following positions have been opened to address this expansion.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creating efficient algorithms, and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Integrates data from multiple sources and supports/performs complex statistical data analysis including multivariate statistical analysis, multilevel modeling, dyadic analysis and/or coarsened exact matching analysis.
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support.
Identifies, defines, directs and performs project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less experienced staff.
Presents data to drive business decisions.
Proposes and leads projects required to support the development of the organization's data infrastructure needs.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes structured and unstructured data for business insight.
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools.
What You Will Need

Education:

High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Computer or Information Science, Physics, Behavioral and Social Sciences or other related technical or quantitative fields strongly preferred.
Master's level or higher is strongly preferred.
Preferred Skills:
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF)
Advanced modeling and statistical knowledge one or more of the following areas: multivariate analysis, logistic regression, poisson and negative binomial regression, experimental design, structural equation modeling, principal component analysis, educational measurement, psychometrics, factor analysis, mathematical modeling, simulation, operations research, optimization
Experience writing the methodology sections of research publications in academic or industry settings strongly preferred
Experience with conducting research in human behavior, medical sciences, behavioral sciences, associate or patient experience, education, business, clinical operations, performance improvement, process optimization and/or healthcare preferred
Web and social media analytics
Sentiment analysis
Text mining and natural language processing knowledge strongly preferred
Consulting experience with external clients or internal stakeholders
Presentation and storytelling skills
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
148,Insight & Analytics Data Analyst,"$36k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Insight & Analytics Data Analyst will support our Sr. Analysts and Directors who are managing clients and project work. The position entails measuring business objectives against client KPIs and requires strong technical skills with data analysis and visualization, as well as the ability to craft key insights and findings and present work when required. The Data Analyst will also play a role in various research projects that require an understanding of earned media analysis, and social and web analytics, with a tool-agnostic approach. Multi-tasking and working on several projects at once will be part of the job experience.

Job Functions:
Develops strategy insights that are compelling, actionable, and statistically rigorous, identifying trends and anomalies, and triangulating data gaps
Understanding of project management elements and what role they play, meet deadlines and apply critical thinking to ask questions and help problem solve when needed.
Data visualization expertise and the ability to translate data from multiple data sources into a compelling story.
Has a collaborative mindset, is willing to work with others and take direction.
Applies sophisticated analysis to datasets to discern and identify patterns and recommend relatable actions.
Ability to multi-task and manage competing priorities in a time-sensitive environment.
Ability to ask the right questions to understand business problems and identify measurement or research objectives.
Other duties as assigned.

Minimum/Preferred Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline (Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Data Science) or marking/communications (Strategic Communications, Marketing Communications, Market Research), or the equivalent combination of education and experience
2-3 years of data analysis, data visualization, and/or market research experience is required.
Proficient with Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Power BI
Has passion and ability to learn new technologies, tools and platforms. Experience with social analytics platforms such as Talkwalker, Audiense, Netbase, Sprinklr or similar platforms is a plus.
Additional Requirements:
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate actively and work in a team environment.
Solid organizational and project management skills.
Self-motivated and able to adapt quickly to changing priorities and tight deadlines.
Strong presentation and consulting skills along with the ability to read, write and speak English
Experience working remotely or with colleagues in multiple locations
Must be able to work more than 40 hours per week on occasion
Travel: may on occasion need to travel, up to 10%

Equal Opportunity: WE provides equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against an employee or applicant because of age, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or other legally protected class status.
Diversity and Inclusion: WE values a diverse and inclusive workforce and is committed to creating a workplace where everyone thrives. We promote an atmosphere in which diversity of people and ideas are welcomed and valued. Diversity includes differences in race, religion, gender, age, lifestyle, ethnic background and sexual orientation as well as differences in experiences and ideas.
*LI-TQ1
WAG123",3.7,"WE Communications
3.7","Portland, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
149,"Translational Data Scientist, Oncology Data Science","$77k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","1 purpose...to reimagine medicine!

The Oncology Data Science (OncDS) group in NIBR brings together projects spanning the entire clinical development pipeline, across a wide and unique range of novel therapeutics (e.g.: targeted and immunotherapies, radioligands, cell and gene therapies). OncDS:
•Oversees NGS data generation and performs analysis for thousands of oncology clinical samples, informing drug discovery and development
•Integrates internal and external data across distinct clinical trials to produce recognized translational impact
•Applies cutting-edge technologies and analytic approaches to discover and characterize the molecular mechanisms of therapeutic response in individual cancer patients

Description:
We are seeking a data scientist who will advance the translation of multi-dimensional molecular data (e.g. NGS) to biomarker discovery in clinical trials. The successful candidate will nurture close collaborations with oncology clinical trial teams, interpret candidate biomarkers and contribute to large-scale meta-analyses across trials and indications. Specific job responsibilities include:
•Collaboration on the design and execution of molecular biomarker profiling studies in oncology clinical trials
•Exploration of molecular data in the context of clinical variables to discover biomarkers of response/resistance to therapy
•Communication of key findings to trial teams and diverse group of scientists
•Application of biostatistics and machine learning methods across datasets from multiple clinical trials to gain actionable biological insights
•Application and development of computational methods for analyses of longitudinal biomarker and clinical data to characterize patients’ response to treatment
•Development of innovative analytic approaches to integrate and visualize complex clinical datasets
•Interaction with clinicians, project managers, data engineers, and other scientists to facilitate progression of projects across milestones

Desirable Requirements:
•PhD, or M.S with 3-4 years of experience, in bioinformatics, biostatistics, genomics, computer science, or related field
•Track record of peer-reviewed publications demonstrating statistical and analytic rigor when tackling multidimensional omics datasets
•Expertise in machine learning and longitudinal data analysis preferred
•Knowledge of cancer genomics, immunology / immune-oncology, clinical and translational science preferred. Knowledge of RWE is a plus
•Programming expertise with fluency in one or more programming languages for bioinformatics and data science analyses such as R or Python
•Effective communication of complex concepts to diverse audiences
•Curiosity, creativity and drive towards solutions when facing scientific challenges

Why consider Novartis?
799 million. That’s how many lives our products touched in 2019. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?

We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.

Imagine what you could do at Novartis!

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:
Novartis embraces diversity, equal opportunity and inclusion. We are committed to building diverse teams, representative of the patients and communities we serve, and we strive to create an inclusive workplace that cultivates bold innovation through collaboration, and empowers our people to unleash their full potential.

The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
150,Machine Learning Engineer,"$81k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is Us:
We have a bold vision to connect 25 million vehicles by 2025.
Our customers come first. We lead through innovation. We win as one. We act with integrity.
We adhere to our brand promise – to make the complex simple, the future predictable, and our customers successful.
With nearly 4 million connected vehicles today, Spireon is an exciting player in the growing Connected Car and Internet of Things (IoT) technology categories. We help people and businesses track and protect their most important assets with vehicle intelligence solutions that gather Big Data and provide the critical insights with easy-to-use dashboards and apps.

This is You:

We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to design and build Convolutional Neural Networks for Smart Sensors. Spireon develops computer vision based smart sensors to detect environment and reports for the transportation sector. As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will implement CNN algorithms to run on smart sensors.. You must be able to work across multiple teams to ensure project objectives are met.

Responsibilities:
Design and develop algorithms for challenging vision classification and detections problems
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Implementation of Computer Vision and ML algorithms
Collect data and analyze real world data
Deploy ML systems (inference at the edge), monitor metrics
Prototyping ML algorithms
Collaborate with Product Management and Engineering departments to understand company needs and devise possible solutions
Keep up to date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Requirements:
Must have solid foundation general machine learning systems
Must have experience in Convolutional Neural Networks Classification, Object Detection, Segmentation.
Must have experience in Computer vision, image processing.
Must have Programming / scripting experience with languages such as Python
Must have experience working with machine learning frameworks and libraries (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, scikit-learn)
Highly Desired: Programming language experience with C / C++
Highly Desired: Experience with Embedded systems
Highly Desired: Experience with OpenCV
Experience working with AWS Sagemaker
Experience working with AWS S3
Rewards:
Winner of 2019, 2018 IoT Innovator Awards & 2017, 2018 Stevie Award for Customer Excellence
Work with the Best and Brightest Technical Talent
Stable, High Growth and Profitable Company
Comprehensive Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K Plan)
Wellness, Professional Development and Spireon University
Virtual Happy Hours, Team Building Events, Hackathons
Employee Discounts on Spireon Products and Services",3.9,"Spireon
3.9","Irvine, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
151,Biochemical High-throughput Screening Scientist,-1,"Job Description: *
· Preparation of reagents related to the high throughput screening setup and takedown

· Interact closely with automation specialists to initiate and complete screening runs

· Analyzing QC/QA data with the ability to recognize and adjust conditions quickly as needed

· Consistently deliver high quality data within agreed upon timelines

· Prepare documents that accurately describe individual steps taken to perform a given protocol or task and update as required, adhering to company standards
Qualifications: *
· BS in biochemistry, biology, or related field with 1-3 years of experience or MS with 0-1 years of experience in automated assay development and execution

· Expertise in buffer preparation, protein biochemistry/handling, and quantitative techniques

· Working knowledge of plate-based biochemical techniques such as fluorescence, absorbance, or light scattering

· Experience with acoustic reagent transfer and automated liquid handlers strongly desired

09212020

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",4.1,"Spectrix Analytical Services, LLC
4.1","Princeton, NJ",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Contract,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
152,Research Data Analysts,"$31k-$55k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

This position is term-limited for one year at the start of the appointment.

In addition to your resume, please include a short summary (less than one page) with how this position fits within your career goals, why you are interested, and when you would be available to join the team

Reporting to Dr. Emily Martin or Dr. Marisa Eisenberg, you will be a critical part of the University of Michigan COVID response efforts. You will develop research and data collection strategies related to the campus-wide COVID-19 Community Sampling and Tracking program, the COVID-19 Dashboard and efforts related to data modeling and analysis of overall COVID response efforts. These programs will provide our public health experts with early warning signs and identify opportunities to slow COVID-19 transmission. You will work with a team of researchers and play an essential role in the public health response to COVID-19 by supporting initiatives that will add to our understanding of how the virus is affecting our community.
Develop research and data collection strategy to support program outcomes
Refine program and data collection strategy to support outcomes
Identify programmatic or data issues and build solutions
Design, develop and run complex research analyses and continuous improvement efforts
Collect data, ensure its integrity and interpret results
Create written communications, reports and recommendations
Coordinate with partners for data collection and submission
Write technical portions of grant proposals and manuscripts
Master's of Public Health in Epidemiology or Master’s Degree in Biostatistics or other related field
Formal training in large, public health research projects
3+ years of experience coordinating health-related research projects
Formal training and expert proficiency with R and SAS
In addition to a career filled with purpose and opportunity, the University of Michigan offers a comprehensive benefits package to help you stay well, protect yourself and your family and plan for a secure future. Benefits include:
Generous time off
A retirement plan that provides two-for-one matching contributions with immediate vesting
Many choices for comprehensive health insurance
Life insurance
Long-term disability coverage
Flexible spending accounts for healthcare and dependent care expenses
Michigan Public Health is seeking an experienced and dynamic staff member with a commitment to contributing to a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment for all members of our community.",4.4,"University of Michigan
4.4","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1817,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
153,Sr Data Scientist,"$87k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

Our Ascension Data Science Institute is looking to add an experienced Sr. Data Scientist to their dynamic and growing team!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, especially to those most in need. In FY2018, Ascension provided nearly $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creates efficient algorithms and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support. Identifies, defines, directs and preforms project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Creates and manages a machine learning pipeline, from raw data acquisitions to merging and normalizing to sophisticated feature engineering development to model execution.
Designs, leads and actively engages in projects with broad implication for the business and/or the future architecture, successfully addressing cross-technology and cross-platform issues. Selects tools and methodologies for projects and negotiates terms and conditions with vendors.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less-experiences staff.
Leads the organizations planning for the future of the data model and data architecture.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
PhD preferred.
Work Experience:
1 year of experience required.
Available GitHub page showing data science capabilitites.
High level of technical skills in mathematics, statistics and or programming.
Experience with intrerpretting data science output for non-data science stakeholders, study/ methods design.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
154,Data Engineer,"$86k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Data Engineer to provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The candidate will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Skills Requirements:
The successful candidate should have experience with scripting in Python and using Nifi. Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS is preferred or willingness to learn.
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality.
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS. Ability to communicate analysis to experts and lay persons alike.
Years of Experience: Minimum of 3 years experience.

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's degree in computer science, geography, or related field.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems
4.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
155,Associate Data Scientist,"$81k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

As an Associate Data Scientist, you will apply modern data storage, movement, and transformation architectures and techniques to extract and engineer features from any scale structured or unstructured data in health, IT system, business processes, or external data. You will also access, cleanse, compile, and transform disparate data sets to conduct exploratory and pre-defined analyses using scientifically valid techniques and generate meaningful insights as well as assist with feasibility studies to identify data availability, quality and modeling requirements, and dependencies.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Master’s Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Analytics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Software Engineering, Data Science, or related field, or equivalent relevant work experience
At least 1 year of statistical programming and applied programming work experience
At least 1 year Data mining, quantitative analysis, and/or statistical modeling including predictive performance and algorithm optimization work experience
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with relational databases and SQL; NoSQL databases (hBase, Cassandra, MongoDB, Couch DB, Riak) and unstructured data; Spark; Pig and Avro
Experience with agile software development methodologies
Expectations
Willing to travel up to 20% of the time as needed
Must be currently residing in or willing to relocate to the Kansas City metro area",4.0,"Cerner
4.0","North Kansas City, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
156,Data Scientist,"$72k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Data Scientist, you will have the unique opportunity to work on a program developing target models and advancing state-of-the-art modeling and prediction capabilities. This program will develop and train machine learning models to detect and discern features in scenes and develop an adversarial patch framework to defeat the trained classifiers.
Our delivery teams are driven to explore new ideas and technology, and care deeply about collaboration, feedback, and iteration. We follow SAFe agile practices, embrace the Ops ethos(DataOps/DevSecOps/MLOps) to “automate-first”, use modern tech stacks, and constantly challenge each other to grow and improve.
If cutting edge data science projects resonate with you and you care deeply about joining a mission-driven company with a strong growth direction and diverse culture, we'd love to learn more about you. Check out the details below, and let’s connect.

Technical members of our solutions teams require little guidance, but love to learn, collaborate, and problem solve. This position requires a mid to senior level of experience, a passion for mission support, and a strong desire to solve our customers’ hardest technical and data challenges.
The Data Scientist will be responsible for the following:
Develop, train and evaluate Machine Learning models
Develop strategies for data augmentation and synthetic data
Utilize models to detect and classify targets within scenes
Develop adversarial attacks to defeat trained classifiers

Requirements:
TS/SCI clearance required
5+ years of related experience
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, Tensorflow or MXNet
Prior experience with the Intelligence Community and methodological experience in some of the following areas
Relationships and discovery (correlating, enriching, and prioritizing target data)
Situational awareness (unifying data into a single context, allowing the current situation to be accurately and quickly understood)
Systems modeling (building a computational analog of real-world-system to understand how it operates, what it is capable of, and how it can be fooled)
We're looking for a motivated Data Scientist eager to advance not only your professional career, but also the missions of our Intelligence and Defense communities. At NT Concepts, you'll be able to:
Meaningfully impact the company's growth, and share in the rewards accordingly
Develop your own career path through our What’s Next program, which emphasizes personal growth through training and certification
Work on programs of importance that directly impact National Security and the world
Work in a fun, “challenging yet rewarding” fast-paced environment
#CJ
#JT",3.6,"NT Concepts
3.6","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
157,DOD Data Scientist/Engineer,"$94k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.

Responsibilities

In the position of Data Scientist, the incumbent will support the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) in a once-in-a-generation digital transformation, driving change and devising how data can be integrated, controlled, distributed, and accessed by programs, business units and operators across the enterprise. Guidehouse is seeking an enthusiastic data scientist with the desire to harness data through the application of data science principles, tools, and methods and to share this knowledge as a mentor and coach for others. The individual will support the NAVAIR Digital Group in establishing practical and applied data science practices at NAVAIR, and in solving complex problems that have data driven solutions. This individual will additionally mentor and instruct employees during this process with the goal or sharing their knowledge and growing the data science skill base in Southern Maryland at Patuxent River.

Qualifications

Security Clearance:

Must have an Active Secret Clearance or above.

Responsibilities

• Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.

• Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of data structures and metrics advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.

• Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess product improvement.

• Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.

Required Skills

2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician). Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL). +Experience with data modelling and analytics
Able to clearly communicate (speaking and writing) technical concepts to a non-technical audience + Experience with data engineering and data security practices
Experience managing, unifying, and automating dataflows from disparate sources

Required Experience

Bachelors Degree. Heavy preference given to Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Information Science, or a similar quantitative field or 7 years related work experience with Bachelors
2 to 4 years of programming experience with the ability to write / maintain scripts in Python (or other scripting languages)
Strong understanding of SQL
Working knowledge of data format conversion
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team.
Strong problem solving skills.
Ability to maintain a DOD Secret clearance throughout employment is required.

Desired experience

Experience working on agile programs
Experience with agile tools such as JIRA and Confluence
Understanding of cloud architecture + Experience working with NoSQL databases
2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).
Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).

Additional Requirements

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.

Disclaimer

About Guidehouse

Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.

Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.

If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.

Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.

Rewards and Benefits

Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.

Benefits include:

Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance

Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays

Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance

401(k) Retirement Plan

Basic Life & Supplemental Life

Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts

Short-Term & Long-Term Disability

Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities

Skills Development & Certifications

Employee Referral Program

Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach

Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program",3.5,"Guidehouse
3.5","Patuxent River, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
158,Data Scientist,-1,"Querying and analyzing Azure customer support data that feed into the Rhythm of Business processes, such as MBRs, WBRs, and creating slides with actionable insight and decision support Prior experience in Azure support, business manager, and working with analytical tools

Ideal candidate must be good with SQL scripts, some data scientist background

This role will be responsible to look at those support data, and be able to pull together PPT slides with consolidated information with actionable and meaningful insights/recommendations from the data analysis.

No need to write Specs, but has to be strong in written communications.

Job Type: Contract

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.9,"Insight Global
3.9","Redmond, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
159,Associate Data Scientist – Network Analysis and Control,"$73k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE’s Infrastructure and Networking Technical Center is looking for a motivated and passionate early career data scientist to join our Network Analytics department. As part of a collaborative team of scientists and engineers, you will have an opportunity to apply machine learning and data-centric approaches to complex networks. Our multidisciplinary team thrives on the opportunity to tackle new challenges in the public interest, looking for solutions that no one else has considered. We approach problems with an entrepreneurial mindset, a willingness to take risks, and a desire to advance the state of the art for intelligent networks, all while contributing to MITRE’s mission of Solving Problems for a Safer World.

Responsibilities include:
Develop prototypes of intelligent network capabilities in MITRE advanced labs
Work on collaborative research teams to develop innovative solutions using commercial and MITRE developed technologies
Conduct performance assessments of current and emerging technologies
Execute data science research beginning at data wrangling and cleaning all the way through to reporting and visualization
Scale solutions to work across large enterprises and large data sets
Analyze data from network sensor systems and integrate additional data sources for improved outcomes
Communicate technical approach and findings to internal and external stakeholders
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in related fields outlined below, or equivalent knowledge and skills.
Computer Science
Software Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Mathematics
Information Systems, Information Technology, SW Engineering
Operations Research
Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances.
Required Qualifications:
A passion for technology and a desire to learn
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems
Knowledge of various machine learning paradigms (deep learning, reinforcement learning, neural networks, etc.) with an understanding of mathematical underpinnings of various models
Hands-on software development skills in a modern programming language (e.g. Python, R, Scala, Java)
Working knowledge of data science workflow from data acquisition to reporting findings
Strong understanding of streaming and batch data workflows, including message queues, processing directed acyclic graphs (DAGs) and data stores
Obtain and maintain a Secret level security clearance
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or similar field
Experience working with Big Data tools (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Kafka)
Experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j, Elasticsearch)
Familiarity with cloud-based environments like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, or Microsoft Azure
Experience conducting original research using data science techniques, including machine learning, statistical modeling, and data visualization
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations leveraging a modern programming language
Familiarity with basic networking and security concepts/capabilities such as TCP/IP stack, routing, and firewalls
Exposure to network programmability concepts such as software define networking and programmable data planes
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","Bedford, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
160,Research Scientist,-1,"Job Description:

Our Reston office is seeking talented candidates to develop mathematical models and algorithms, develop and demonstrate prototype software, and participate in operational analysis related to their technical work. Our Reston office employs mathematicians, physicists and computer scientists. We routinely apply stochastic processes, statistical inference, optimization and scheduling, models of random graphs and applied physics to develop the underlying theory and applications for our clients. The successful candidate will interact with customers, both onsite and offsite, gather requirements and data, write and present briefings, and contribute to the development of Metron tools.

Projects typically involve developing advanced algorithms implemented in a computer prototype system for our research & development customers. We work in small teams, led by Senior Analysts, who work closely with new employees. Project teams work together from the initial system concept, through software and algorithm design, to implementation and demonstration.

We believe an employee's specific academic training is not as important as their innate ability and willingness to learn new areas of mathematics and work on difficult problems.

Required Qualifications:
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Physics or Operations Research
Some programming experience is preferred (C, C++, Java, Matlab, etc.)
Mathematical, simulation, or physical modeling experience highly desired
US Citizenship required, position will require background investigation to authorize access to classified information

Position Location: Reston, VA

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Metron takes affirmative action in support of its policy to employ and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor",3.0,"Metron, Inc.
3.0","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
161,Data Scientist,"$114k-$184k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

As a Data Scientist you'll use your skills model and analyze a variety of data in support of analytical questions. Successful candidates in this role will be able to use theirs statistical and mathematical backgrounds to solve complex problems for not only analytical questions but also problems of large scale data. With huge volumes of data at your disposal, you'll be asked to find the most important items in a sea of information. A strong candidate is someone with a desire for continual learning and strong problem-solving, analytic and interpersonal skills who communicate and collaborate effectively.

Basic Qualifications:
Data Normalization
Data Visualization
Statistical Analysis
Graph Theory
Bachelor's degree required
Level 1:
Minimum one years' experience or a Bachelor's Degree or participating in a program that will lead to a Bachelor's Degree in an appropriate Computer Science or related field.
Level 2:
Minimum five years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.
Level 3:
Minimum 10 years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.
Desired Skills:
Experience with writing, compiling, and debugging a variety of programming languages
Containerization
Jupyter
Spark
Cloud Analytics
Special consideration given for the following skills:
Machine Learning
High Powered Computing
Any of a number of active Cyber Certifications including but not limited to: GPEN, GXPN, GCFE, GCFA, and OSCP.
C++
Experience with intelligence analysis skills (e.g., traffic analysis) mixed with detailed knowledge of network architectures, protocols, and communications.
SIGINT experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
Active TS/SCI with favorable polygraph

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
162,Clinical Laboratory Scientist,-1,"Education: *
Bachelor’s degree (BA/BS) in Medical Technology or a biological science required.
Clinical Laboratory Scientist license required (Generalist or Molecular)
Experience Required: *
Minimum 1-2 year’s experience in a clinical molecular laboratory, genetics experience preferred.
Experience with molecular techniques, DNA and RNA based procedures, such as real-time PCR, Genotyping, Sanger and/or Next Generation Sequencing.
Extremely detail-oriented and highly organized.
Proficient using Microsoft Excel, Laboratory Information Systems, other database related software.
Motivated and energetic with extensive laboratory knowledge and experience.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills essential for interaction with laboratory staff and management.
Strong interpersonal skill and ability to work well in a team environment as well as independently.
Prioritize tasks by understanding the relative importance and urgency of each task.
Function at a high level and accomplish tasks that require departmental effort to meet demanding timelines and workloads. Adapt to changing priorities.
Exceptional customer service and listening skills.
Summary: *
The Clinical Laboratory Scientist will perform DNA/RNA isolation, genotyping and sequencing of isolated DNA, data analysis, reagent preparation, instrument calibration, laboratory maintenance and any other necessary laboratory processes according to approved standard operating procedures. Supervisory responsibilities to include supervision of non-licensed laboratory staff as required. The Clinical Laboratory Scientist reports to the Laboratory Operations Manger/Director.
Job Duties/Qualifications: *
Knowledgeable in the handling of patient specimens from accession to storage.
Assist supervisor with day to day administration of PCR Laboratory.
Read and follow technical procedures for the Standard Operating Procedure Manual.
DNA and RNA extraction
Knowledge of nucleic acid technology. Understanding of quality control / quality improvement programs.
Complete PCR testing and PCR product analysis including sequencing, hybridization or fragment analysis
Assist in the administration of all Quality Control Programs.
Assist in the inventory management and ordering
Sample data collecting or accession if necessary
Adherence to workload requirements.
Maintenance of accurate work records (i.e., Maintenance Logs, Temperature Logs, etc.)
Associates or Bachelor’s Degree in science or related field plus one year clinical biological lab experience
Perform complex data analysis of molecular genetic data, including genotyping and DNA sequencing data according to laboratory SOPs
Maintain records of data analysis and monitor results generation using spreadsheets and laboratory information systems.
Track specimen workflow and manage communication of specimen status in the laboratory.
Maintain equipment and quality records.
Reagent preparation and inventory tracking.
Perform specimen processing and laboratory procedures specific to molecular genetic testing technique.
Monitor Quality Assurance and Quality Improvement metrics to improve overall efficiency of laboratory production.
Write, review, and revise Standard Operating Procedures, and associated documents.
Adhere to laboratory policies, safety, and standard operating procedures.
Provide training to personnel as required for proper execution of standard operating procedures.
Function as a data analyst for data analysis of batch and sample genotyping results across different platforms, e.g. Sanger, sequencing, del/dup assays.
Function as a data analyst for releasing sample results.
Other duties as assigned.
Job Type: Full-time

Medical Specialty:
Genetics & Genomics
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://omecare.co/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,OmeCare,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
163,Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist,"$99k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Acuity is seeking a Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist to use statistical knowledge and research skills to solve business problems. The Research Statistician will develop, implement, and interpret statistical models with a strong emphasis on data mining and statistical/predictive modeling. Provides work direction.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Identifies and acquires additional data sources, both internal and external, that can be used to enhance analyses.
Lead the development of analytical models to drive superior business outcomes.
Develop in-depth understanding of drivers for optimization by utilizing statistics and data mining techniques.
Using latest PC tools, develop, enhance and monitor reports and models for other business areas.
Evaluate and use Data Mining Tools.
Support, train, encourage, consult other areas in the company and provide actionable information to management.
Continually monitor database information and future needs.
Explore and acquire data from outside sources.
Use database tools to support other departments
Regular and predictable attendance.
Perform other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION:
Masters/PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Operations Research or Computer Science
EXPERIENCE:
5 years P&C insurance, modelling and project leader experience. Programming skills including SAS and R.
OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:
Strong interpersonal, quantitative, problem-solving, computer and conceptual skills.
Aptitude in predictive modeling, multivariate analysis, statistical modeling, data mining techniques and mathematical statistics.
Ability to apply strong programming and data management skills.
Knowledge of and experience with at least one major computer programming language or advanced syntax in a major statistical package.
This job is classified as exempt.",4.9,"Acuity Insurance
4.9","Sheboygan, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1925,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
164,Principal Clinical Evaluation Scientist,"$61k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Additional Locations: US-MN-Arden Hills

Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth

At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.

About this role:

This is a highly dynamic role in which you will work in a team environment to help develop global evidence-based clinical strategies for cardiology medical devices (CRM and Electrophysiology) by creating clinical documentation that systematically synthesizes information from multiple data sources. As a Clinical Evaluation Scientist, you will plan and develop clinical evaluation reports (CERs) and post-market clinical follow-up (PMCF) reports, as well as summary of safety and clinical performance reports (SSCPs) in alignment with applicable clinical and regulatory standards and business needs. This role applies analytical thought processes and a highly methodical clinical evaluation approach to develop benefit/risk profiles for the Boston Scientific portfolio cardiology devices. A successful candidate has excellent writing skills as well as the ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional partners. Your efforts support product approval, indication expansion and claim support, and mandated post-market requirements.

Your responsibilities will include:
Compile, appraise, and evaluate data from multiple sources including clinical trials, medical literature, design verification/validation data, and product complaint data. Includes development of literature search strategies and methodical evaluation of medical literature.
Create analyses to evaluate product benefit/risk profile and safety and performance and develop profile of adverse events. Identify potential clinical evidence gaps and contribute to development of prospective evidence strategy to address gaps.
Collaborate with leadership and cross-functional partners to develop global clinical strategies for new product development and/or EU MDR certification, ensure alignment of clinical data with risk documentation, and to contribute to product labeling.
Aid in the development and execution of strategies for regulatory responses for regulatory submissions
What we’re looking for in you:

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s/Master’s degree and 8+ years professional experience or Advanced degree (PhD, research-based MS, MD, RN/DVM) and 3+ years professional experience
Analytical skills, including strong familiarity with medical literature
Strong medical/scientific writing skills
Preferred Qualification
Knowledge of cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology medical device products and related disease states/ medical terminology
Medical device experience, including understanding of regulatory
Ability to understand engineering documentation, including risk documentation
About us

As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.

Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran

Requisition ID: 467272",4.4,"Boston Scientific
4.4","Arden Hills, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
165,Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Computer Vision),"$74k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title

Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Computer Vision)
Req ID

DSA33071
Overview
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. in San Diego is searching for systems engineers and computer scientists for research and algorithm development. Candidate will work as part of a team on the research, system design, and implementation of algorithms for application processors and multimedia processors. Candidate will conduct research in deep machine learning techniques and find solutions for computer vision, image and video processing. Candidate is preferred to have goods hands-on experience with machine learning and deep learning algorithm development
Responsibilities
Develop signal processing or machine learning algorithms for computer vision.
Make simulators and study the system performance.
Experience with deep learning and machine learning packages

Minimum Qualifications
PhD in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering
Strong knowledge of computer vision, image and video processing, visual understanding.
Understand machine learning theory, concepts and applications
Experience with deep learning algorithm development
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Expertise in signal processing, computer vision, image processing, computer science, and/or machine learning
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
Strong software skills, e.g. C/C++, Python, and MATLAB
Strong publication record

Preferred Qualifications
Experience in machine learning algorithm design for computer vision.

#LI-AK1
********************************************************************************************************************** Samsung Semiconductor Inc (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays. ***********************************************************************************************************************
Learn more about Samsung Semiconductor here.

A day in the life Samsung Video

Samsung Semiconductor Career Page",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
166,AI Ops Data Scientist,"$116k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company

AstraZeneca is a global, innovation-driven biopharmaceutical business that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of prescription medicines for some of the world's most serious diseases. But we're more than one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. At AstraZeneca, we're proud to have a unique workplace culture that inspires innovation and collaboration. Here, employees are empowered to express diverse perspectives and are made to feel valued, energized and rewarded for their ideas and creativity.

Role

We are looking for a data scientist to join our new AI Ops platform team in Science IT. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working in a range of different cloud environments where they devised and deployed large-scale production infrastructure and platforms for data science. The position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting data & prediction problems in drug discovery.

The successful candidate will be part of a new, close-knit team of deeply technical experts and together have the chance to create tools that will advance the standard of healthcare, improving the lives of millions of patients across the globe. Our data science environments will support major AI initiatives such as clinical trial data analysis, knowledge graphs, imaging & omics for our therapy areas. You will also have responsibility to help provide the frameworks for data scientists to develop scalable machine learning and predictive models with our growing data science community, in a safe and robust manner.

As a strong software leader and an expert in building complex systems, you will be responsible for inventing how we use technology, machine learning, and data to enable the productivity of AstraZeneca. You will help envision, build, deploy and develop our next generation of data engines and tools at scale. You will be bridging the gap between science and engineering and functioning with deep expertise in both worlds.

Key Accountabilities
Liaise with R&D data scientists to understand their challenges and work with them to help productionise models and algorithms.
Be part of the development roadmap to build and operationalise our data science environment, platforms and tooling.
Support any external opportunities, through close partnership and engagement such as Benevolent.AI collaboration.
Deployment of systems, applications and tooling for data science on cloud environments.
Understanding of the necessary guardrails required for different use cases and data sensitivities.
Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU).
Provide the necessary infrastructure and platform to support the deployment and monitoring of ML solutions in production Optimizing solutions for performance and scalability.
Liaise with the Data Engineering team to ensure that the platform and the solutions deployment therein benefit from an optimised and scalable data flow between source systems and analytical models
Implementing custom machine learning code and developing benchmarking capabilities to monitor drift of any analyses over time.
Understanding of the latest AI webservices and data science tools, from DataBricks to citizen data science tools like Dataiku, C3.AI and Domino. Experience working on regulatory data would be helpful but not essential.
Liaise with other teams to enhance our technological stack, to enable the adoption of the latest advances in Data Processing and AI
Being an active member of the Data Science team, you will benefit from, and contribute to, our expanding bank of Data Science algorithms and work efficiently with our data science infrastructure.
Testing and assessing the quality of new tools.
Team recruitment, training provision and coaching
Candidate Knowledge, Skills and Experience
BSc in Computer Science or related quantitative field or MSc/Ph.D degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field.
More than 2 years of experience and demonstrable deep technical skills in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, natural language processing or computer vision.
Experience managing an enterprise platform and service, handling new customer demand and feature requests.
Strong software coding skills, with proficiency in Python and Scala preferred.
Significant experience with AWS cloud environments, working knowledge of Google and Azure platforms. Knowledge of Kubernetes, S3, EC2, Sagemaker, Athena, RDS and Glue is essential. Certification in appropriate areas will be viewed favourably.
Experience with best practice of data transport and storage within cloud system.
Experience building large scale data processing pipelines. e. g. Hadoop/Spark and SQL.
Experience provisioning computational resources in a variety of environments.
Experience with containers and microservice architectures e.g. Kubernetes, Docker and serverless approaches.
Experience with automation strategies e.g. CI/CD, gitops.
Use of Data Science modelling tools e.g. R, Python, SAS and Data Science notebooks (e.g. Jupyter).
Creative, collaborative, & product focused.
Ability to just get things done.",4.1,"AstraZeneca
4.1","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
167,Scientist - In Vitro Assays,-1,"At Visikol, our mission is to accelerate the discovery and development of therapeutics through transforming tissues into quantitative data sets that we mine for actionable insights. We do this through leveraging our imaging, image analysis and advanced in vitro services that are based on a suite of proprietary software and cutting-edge research. As a company, we operate as a contract research organization and conduct contract research for the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. We are currently looking for a Scientist to join our team that will be responsible for the execution of research projects for our Clients and designing novel drug discovery assays. Specifically, we are looking for a Scientist who will lead complex in vitro assay services as well as developing novel cell based assays. This will be a unique opportunity to work side-by-side with our team of Scientists to develop novel drug discovery technologies for use with our pharmaceutical Clients. We are looking for a Scientist and are open to broad backgrounds within the imaging, cell culture and image analysis spaces. Specifically, we are looking for Scientists that have the following skills and background.
Great project management skills and the ability to manage several complex research projects simultaneously.
An ability to troubleshoot complex assays and develop novel solutions for problems.
Excellent presentations skills and the ability to communicate complex scientific findings with diverse audiences.
A thorough understanding and demonstrated track record of designing, implementing and reporting on assays to address specific research questions.
Substantial wet lab experience running and interpreting assay results.
BS + 5 years of experience, MS + 3 years of experience, PhD + 0-2 years of experience
The candidate should have a strong background in several of the below fields.
Fluorescent microscopy - confocal microscopy a plus.
Routine mammalian cell culture - 3D cell culture a plus.
Execution of in vitro assays.
Experience immunolabeling and optimizing fluorescent labeling.
Traditional histology - grossing, embedding, sectioning, staining.
Image analysis experience using ImageJ or other software tools.
Details: *
Position is located in Hampton, NJ

Compensation will be commensurate with experience

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year

Experience:
Confocal Microscopy: 1 year (Preferred)
Histology: 2 years (Preferred)
Cell culture: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday",-1,Visikol Inc.,"Hampton, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
168,Molecular Biology Research Scientist PhD,-1,"*Company Name: *Avance Biosciences Inc.

*Job Title: *Research Scientist
*Department: *Operations
*Reports To: *Department Manager
*Classification: *Full-time, Exempt
*Date: *September 2020

Avance Biosciences Inc., a fast-growing biotechnology CRO, is recruiting several Research Scientists (PhD) in its GLP and/or GMP biological testing departments. This position plans, directs, and manages research and testing projects on behalf of our biopharma and biotech clients, as well as development projects to improve laboratory operations.

*ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: *

The omission of specific statement of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related or a logical assignment to this class. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
* Plan and execute biological assay development, validation, and sample testing activities.
* Prepare study protocols and/or test plans according to client's requirements.
* Direct laboratory associates to execute experimental plans.
* Lead in incident and OOS investigation and root cause analysis per company quality policies.
* Perform data analysis and prepare project reports.
* Communicate to clients on project progress regularly.
* Establish standard operational procedures and train laboratory associates as needed.
* Ensure all project related work are done in compliance with GLP and CGMP regulations.
* May supervise a small group of lab scientists.

*QUALIFICATIONS: *

A successful candidate for this position must have the following experience, knowledge, and skills:
* Must have a PhD degree in biological sciences
* In-depth knowledge of and hands-on experience in ddPCR, NGS, and QPCR
* Post doctorate independent research experience is preferred
* Detailed-oriented and multi-tasking skills
* Strong problem-solving skills

*SPECIAL JOB CHARACTERISTICS: *Demonstrated excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Able to work independently and as part of a team on complex tasks with minimal supervision. Able to create accurate work in a fast-paced environment with constant change and interruptions. Able to prioritize effectively and manage multiple tasks simultaneously. Commitment to the mission and values of Avance Biosciences Inc.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
* 401(k)
* 401(k) matching
* Dental insurance
* Disability insurance
* Health insurance
* Life insurance
* Paid time off
* Vision insurance
Schedule:
* Monday to Friday

Education:
* Doctorate (Required)

Work authorization:
* United States (Required)

Company's website:
* www.avancebio.com

Work Remotely:
* No",3.4,"Avance Biosciences Inc
3.4","Houston, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
169,Health Data Analyst II,"$51k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Health Data Analyst II is a key member of the Finance management team with responsibility for developing and maintaining analyses to support finance staff and the CFO in meeting corporate objectives.

Key Functions/Responsibilities:

Leads the development and analysis of medical expense and utilization trend report to inform key strategic initiatives to support corporate goals.
Supports the development of effective medical management programs/initiatives through analyzing, monitoring, and reporting the effectiveness of these programs.
Responsible for adhoc analytics including modeling of benefit scenarios. Utilizes statistical applications as necessary.
Supports Finance department on data warehouse redesign requests and works with IT to establish priorities.
Supports corporate initiatives/projects that require analysis of health plan data.
Conducts medical budget to actual analysis.

Qualifications:

Education:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Finance, Statistics, Business, Public Health, or other related quantitative field.

Experience:

2 or more years’ of progressively responsible experience in data modeling, informatics and analysis.
A background in managed healthcare, insurance operations preferred.

Competencies, Skills, and Attributes:

The Analyst II is an experienced user of claims data.
Proficient in SAS, SQL or other statistical software. Must be proficient in Microsoft Excel.
Ability to meet deadlines, multi-task, problem solve and use appropriate technology to analyze business problems. Project management skills a plus.
Strong communications skills, both verbal and written, are required.
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.
Required Skills

Required Experience",2.7,"BMC HealthNet Plan
2.7","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1997,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
170,Senior Data Scientist,"$72k-$122k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.

The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Develop innovative forecasts, models, algorithms, and solutions and build prototypes and production implementations
Dig deep into high volumes of data, engineer features for improved forecast performance
Work cross-functionally to gather feedback and requirements from end users
Be a key contributor to product innovation and company strategy
Communicate technical information clearly to both technical and non-technical people
Required Qualifications
Degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or related field; MS/PhD preferred
3+ years of relevant experience
Strong analytical, statistical, and math abilities; Exceptional problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
#LI-KR1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Baltimore, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
171,Data Engineer,"$61k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Why consider OPI, and why do people dig working here?
Variety of consulting; new technologies, projects, and people on a regular basis.
Stability; we’ve been around since 1996 and have a diverse mix of clients and technologies to keep us busy, very busy. And we keep a bench. If you’re not on a project, you’re writing software for our internal business functions or you’re learning new technologies. It’s in our benefit to make our consultants as marketable as possible. That’s good for your career.
No politics or management; we don’t get in the way. Why sit in meetings all day when you can code and be productive?
Awesome benefits; free healthcare for your entire family (yes, free), 24 days of PTO + 10 days of sick time, quarterly profit sharing bonuses, you get paid OT, company trips (to Mexico), 3 company lake cabins/homes, various quarterly company events, new Macbook Pro’s, free beer/soda, chips, candy, and so much more.
You work with the best. Do an Object Partners search on LinkedIn and see the types of talent we hire. You truly get to work with intelligent, passionate engineers that share the same goal of building great software the right way.
Low company overhead. It all means more money back into our consultants pockets (profit sharing) or company trips and events to share in the financial success.

Qualifications

Architecture and design of highly available/scalable distributed systems.
Design and development of streaming data platforms using Kafka Streams, Spark, Flink, Storm, Beam or Cloud Dataflow.
Experience with functional/event-driven programming.
NoSQL technologies such as ElasticSearch or Cassandra.
Messaging technologies such as RabbitMQ, Kafka or Kinesis.
SQL on Hadoop technologies such as Hive, Impala or Presto.
Cloud services such as AWS, Azure, GCP or OpenStack.
JVM languages such as Java, Groovy, Kotlin or Scala.
Service frameworks such as Spring Boot, Ratpack, Vert.x, or Play.
Knowledge of data analytics, visualization and governance.
Knowledge of operating big data production solutions at scale.
Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and DevOps culture.
Passion for software development. Someone that loves what they do, that aren’t just in it for a paycheck. Do you have dev projects going on at home at all times?
New projects, new teams, new technologies means having to adjust and learn all the time. You might get thrown on a DevOps project as well, so having the ability to jump in and get your feet wet without hesitation is important. If you don’t want to grow and learn, we’re not a fit.
Positive, can-do attitude. We can teach the technology, but we can’t teach how to approach client challenges with a positive, helpful demeanor. The best consultants aren’t the most technical (although that sure helps), it’s the consultant that will do whatever it takes to see a client be successful, no matter what they throw at you.",4.6,"Object Partners
4.6","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
172,Business Data Analyst - Medical Economics,"$60k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a member of the Medical Economics team, you will manage the data and analytic reporting and analysis to support CareCentrix strategic and tactical needs, and to fulfill contractual requirements for external health plan clients. You will analyze extensive financial and healthcare utilization data to develop insights that support business decision and cost savings for CareCentrix.

In this Job, you will:
Under the direction of senior team members, perform analysis of complex and varied healthcare data.
Extract, collect, analyze and interpret data of various types from various sources/
Create Ad-Hoc reports using SQL.
Develop and maintain dashboards of key performance metrics.
Make assessments about health care costs and trends, quality and outcomes.
Present reports and analytic results.
Document issues and problems regarding data sets.
Provide design support for the development of business intelligence solutions.

You will enjoy this role if:

You love data mining and data manipulation, the larger the data set the better!
You love to learn and are curious to understand the nuances of a situation.
You like to move fast.
You enjoy working through ambiguity and a changing market environment.

This job is for you if:

You have a Bachelor's Degree in Machine Learning, Information Technology, Finance, Economics, Statistics or similar.
You have 1-3 years background in data management and healthcare industry (preferred).
You think in quantitative terms. You know Excel, SQL, Tableau and a little about Teradata or Vertica.
You have knowledge of big data concepts.
You have strong focus on process, continuous process improvement and quality
You have some answers but not all of them. You approach problems with questions not answers.
You are fun to work with! We take our commitment to patients seriously, but we don't take ourselves seriously. We are looking for team members who bring joy to the work they do.

CareCentrix maintains a drug-free workplace.

We are an equal opportunity employer. Employment selection and related decisions are made without regard to age, race, color, national origin, religion, sex, disability, sexual orientation, gender identification, or being a qualified disabled veteran or qualified veteran of the Vietnam era or any other category protected by Federal or State law.

PI124079049",3.9,"CareCentrix
3.9","Tampa, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
173,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"MORSE is a small, innovative, employee-owned engineering firm that develops algorithms, software, and integrated prototypes for manned and unmanned systems in the air, land, sea, and undersea domains. The systems MORSE develops are typically the first of their kind and are highly specialized for the military personnel and first responders who use them.

MORSE is searching for innovative candidates with expertise in using state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms for aerospace applications. The candidate will be responsible for acquiring truth data, integrating algorithms, testing algorithms, combining algorithms, reviewing literature to stay on top of the latest-and-greatest methods, analyzing data from field tests, and developing advanced algorithms. MORSE's machine learning focuses both on computer vision-based problems (with deep learning solutions) and data analysis of sparse data sets. The candidate will work with MORSE's current team of engineers to transition algorithms to production, which may run on a server or on a real-time embedded system. The candidate must also be capable of clearly communicating concepts to engineers and stakeholders.

Requirements and Qualifications:
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED, or the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance
Masters or Doctorate in Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, or related field
Desired Skills:
Solid understanding of physics, linear algebra, statistics, algorithms, optimization, and machine learning methods
Proficiency in Python
Experience with Docker is a plus
Experience with TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, or Dlib is a plus
Experience with Java, C#, or C/C++ is a plus
Experience with web programming, including React and Django is a plus
Experience with automated testing, and CI platforms like Jenkins, is a plus
Good communication skills
Self-starter and driven",5.0,"MORSE Corp
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
174,Data Scientist,"$88k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","POSITION SUMMARY:

The Data Scientist is a highly motivated and experienced individual who likes to work in a multi-disciplinary team. The Data Scientist will be instrumental in the analysis and interpretation of high-throughput molecular data. Additionally, the individual in this role should have solid Data Science background and be strongly goal-oriented with a focus on real-world impact.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Statistical and bioinformatics analyses of high-throughput molecular data
Interaction with internal and external collaborators to understand, design, and develop the requested solutions
Development and execution of data analysis protocols to support the company's discovery pipeline
Presentation of scientific results internally and externally
Preparation and submission of scientific manuscripts for review and publication
Other duties as assigned
REQUIREMENTS:
Requires a Ph.D. in Bioinformatics, Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Sciences or related field with 0-3 years of experience; or an MS with 5-7 years of industry experience
Proficiency in R is required. Experience in Bioconductor is preferred
Experience in Linux and Big Data technologies
Experience in Scala, C, Python and MySQL is a plus
Experience in working with Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) is a plus
Proven ability to find creative and practical solutions to complex problems
Proven experience in applying Data Science methodologies to extract, process, and transform data from multiple sources
Proven ability to deliver outputs in a comprehensive format that highlights major trends, avoid miss-interpretations and value the conclusions
Proven ability to demonstrate attention to detail and record-keeping
Quick learner, extremely flexible and adaptable to the needs of internal collaborators in a dynamic environment
Ability to efficiently work in multiple projects
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Must be able to work in a team-oriented environment",4.1,"Berg Health
4.1","Framingham, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
175,Data Analyst II,"$53k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who is Cenlar?

You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst II.

Job Summary:

Responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external data) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies. Identifies and compiles data sets using a variety of tools (e.g. SQL, Access) to help predict, improve, and measure the success of key business to business outcomes. Responsible for documenting data requirements, data collection/processing/cleaning, and exploratory data analysis; which may include utilizing statistical models/algorithms and data visualization techniques. Incumbents in this role may often be referred to as Data Scientists.

Responsibilities:
Day-to-day actions are focused on administering defined procedures, analysis and report preparation.
Commands knowledge of data elements across the enterprise and industry – definitions, lineage and usage
Executes creation of tabular operational reports and aggregation reports with medium to high complexity.
Commands intermediate to expert level t-SQL coding proficiency
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Responsible for documenting metadata, data lineage, data definitions and business glossary entries.
Handles basic data transformation tasks such as date and decimal formatting, rounding of numeric values, and conversion of numeric values to percentages.
Has intermediate to expert level SSIS ETL build proficiency
Works with Data stewards to enforce adherence to standards for enhancements and new repositories.
Handles more complicated report requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing (e.g. Fibonacci or similar) and trend analysis.
Can deduce portfolio or market trends from reports or chart analysis.
Understands business logic for aggregation and analysis services.
Can perform data transformation and can produce dimensional reports
Can perform basic data profiling activities, understands cardinality
Helps to define guidelines for data management, governance and reporting
May direct day-to-day work of employees, but will not typically have formal management role.
Individual at this level is expected to use some independence of thought but to refer more complex problems to supervisors or other experts.
Individual would be expected to contribute to work flow or process change and redesign and to form a strong basic understanding of the specific product or process.
Qualifications:
Typically exhibits strong executional capabilities and is beginning to take on more responsibility.
Primary focus is on execution within defined parameters, with some expansion based on developing capabilities and or experiences. In partnership with more experienced staff.
Minimum of 5 years of experience.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, finance, mathematics, statistics (or similar) or equivalent work experience
Total Rewards:

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online.",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Ewing, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
176,Scientist II,"$49k-$106k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Scientist II*
As a Scientist II (SII) at Invivoscribe you are responsible for managing the development of a project, competently interacting with collaborators and other departments, and writing and reviewing documents in compliance with the IVS Quality Management System (QSR) and applicable regulations. More specifically:

Independently performs experiments and generates data in support of product development projects.

Maintains a laboratory notebook (and electronic documents) that records all aspects of experimental design and results, following good documentation practices, at all times.

Responsible for accuracy and completeness of auditable documents.

Independently performs data analysis using available software.

Independently designs experiments and writes protocols (per standard guidelines) and reports.

Reviews laboratory notebooks, experimental designs, and draft protocols and reports of peers for accuracy and compliance.

Professional interactions with collaborators as required for project success, while maintaining the confidentiality of IVS intellectual property.

Acting as the Product Development technical lead, manage the development aspects of a project: initiation, design (feasibility, optimization, validation, and verification), writing, and execution.

Successfully interact with other departments - Manufacturing, Quality, Regulatory, and Sales and Marketing - for the development, transfer, submission, and commercialization of IVS products.

Assists in the creation of product development project timelines and budgets.
Skills and Experience Required: *
BS in Molecular Biology or scientifically related field with 6+ years of industry experience in a regulated environment.

MS in Molecular Biology or scientifically related field with 5+ years of industry experience in a regulated environment.

PhD in Molecular Biology or scientifically related field with 2+ years of industry experience in a regulated environment.

Familiarity with quality and regulatory requirements in the following environments: medical device, in vitro diagnostic, GLP, cGMP (QSR), IVDR or ISO.

Proficient computer and Microsoft Office program skills (Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint).

Experience managing a project.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday",3.2,"Invivoscribe, Inc.
3.2","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
177,Software Engineer (Data),-1,"Second Measure is building products that leverage de-identified transaction data to help companies better understand consumer spend behavior and propensities, and help investors understand companies' performance and consumer spend shifts. We apply advanced data science techniques on large, complex data sets to ensure the highest quality of data and insights.

As a Data Engineer at Second Measure, you will be a technical contributor in the team responsible for building, managing data pipelines and enriching transaction data. You will work under the architectural guidance of Leads and Sr. engineers to build pipelines that run reliably, process billions of transactions, and provide daily updates, so that our high value clients can formulate their marketing and investment strategies.

In this role, you'll:
Design-code-test-deploy
Build on top of existing data architecture, extending pipelines in order to deliver new insights to customers
Use Scala, Python, SQL to improve/extend business logic
Pair with Sr. Engineers to develop features and work with Data Scientists, ex: translate SQL to Spark applications
Work with AWS technologies (SQS, SNS, EMR, EKS) to deploy and manage pipelines
Work in an agile environment
About you:
At least 3+ years work experience building components in complex systems using Java, Python, or Scala + Spark, Hive and Presto
Experience working with data pipelines
Understanding of microservices, RESTful systems, event driven architecture
Familiarity with container and orchestration frameworks (Docker, Kubernetes)
Solid understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals
Hunger to identify and automate manual processes in the pipeline
Our Tech Stack/Development Tools:

S3, Hive Metastore, Spark, Presto, AWS SNS, SQS, EKS, ECR, Batch Terraform, Helm, Prometheus, Grafana, Go, Python, Scala, Redshift, Waggledance, Argo, Github, CircleCI, Docker

Have questions about why/how we use these? Let's talk!

Working at Second Measure:
Highly competitive compensation, systematized to promote fairness and break down traditional gender, race, and age pay gaps
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits for employees and their families
401(k) with company matching (up to 4% of annual salary)
Unlimited paid time off and flexible work arrangements
Generous paid parental leave
Pre-tax FSAs and commuter benefits
Life insurance, disability plans, and legal assistance
*Note on remote ability:

We are all working from home at least through 2020 to keep our team safe and healthy. We hope to (at some point) to work from our San Mateo, CA HQ or NYC office in some capacity in 2021 and it would be great if you are based in the Bay Area or NYC. That said, we are open to remote on a permanent basis, granted you would need to be based in one of the following states: AL, CA, CO, IL, NJ, NY, or WA.",4.9,"Second Measure
4.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
178,"Research Scientist, Biochemistry/Biophysics",-1,"Prelude Therapeutics is seeking a highly motivated Research Scientist with a background in Biochemistry or Biophysics to join our biology team in our Wilmington, DE location. Prelude is an early stage biotechnology company founded by proven scientists in cancer drug development. Our research is focused on developing highly selective and differentiated small molecule therapeutic agents targeting novel pathways for the treatment of cancer and rare diseases. Prelude offers a vibrant and collegial work environment and excellent career growth opportunities. Prelude is ideally located within 25 minutes from the Philadelphia International Airport at the Delaware Innovation Space, an emerging research campus in the DuPont Experimental Station.

The Research Scientist, Biochemistry or Biophysics, will be responsible for helping to guide strategic scientific decisions and research program development. This individual will develop and optimize biochemical/biophysical assays to identify and characterize small-molecule modulators, perform kinetic and MOA studies to characterize diverse biological enzyme systems and screen and profile compounds in support of medicinal chemistry efforts.
Responsibilities and Duties: *
Coordinate with R&D team members to lead key elements of discovery and preclinical development programs for novel cancer therapies. Independently design, optimize and execute various high through-put biochemical and/or biophysical assays
Perform kinetic and mechanisms of action studies including but not limited to enzyme kinetics, binding kinetics, and inhibition modality.
Work in a multidisciplinary team to analyze and interpret data, prepare summaries, and communicate results to project teams
Use literature to solve specific research problems. Learn and implement new experimental techniques that can answer critical scientific questions and advance programs.
Maintain high standards of laboratory safety, comply with the safety manual and complete required training courses.
Perform research in compliance with all applicable regulatory and guidelines, as informed by supervisor.
Required Qualifications*
PhD in biochemistry, biophysics, enzymology, chemical biology or a relevant discipline, or M.S with a minimum of 5 years direct lab-based research in relevant subject area.
Strong background in assay development and mode-of-action characterization
Practical expertise in biochemistry, enzymology, and chemical biology
Hands on experience in biochemical and biophysical assays (SPR, MST, ITC, DSF and other biophysical methods)
Ability to multi-task and enthusiasm to deliver reports in a fast-paced environment
Highly analytical mind, attention to detail, organization skills, and rigorous experimental record keeping using an electronic notebook system are critical.
Highly self-motivated, strong scientific curiosity and work ethic
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong capability to collaborate with other groups in multiple subject areas
Preferred Qualifications*
Extensive hand-on experience in SPR is highly desired
Hands on experience in medium to high-throughput screening and lab automation is preferred
Hands-on experience with mammalian cell culture and cell-based assays is a plus
Experience with Excel, Electronic Lab Notebook, and other programs (ImageJ, GraphPad Prism) is a plus.
Prelude Therapeutics provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
Laboratory: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.preludetx.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Prelude Therapeutics Incorporated,"Wilmington, DE",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
179,Azure Databricks Data Engineer,"$56k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Collaborate with business stakeholders to identify and meet data requirements
Management of data workflows and pipelines
Responsible for collecting, moving, storing, and preparation of data infrastructure
Manage and secure the flow of structured and unstructured data from multiple sources like ingest, egress , and transform data
Manage, monitor, and ensure the security and privacy of data to satisfy business needs
Other duties as assigned

5 +yrs of Azure experience
Experience with PySpark, Spark SQL, Databricks (notebooks), and Azure Synapse.
** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.**
**This is a W2 opportunity only**
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.",4.3,"BRMi
4.3","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
180,Senior Clinical Development Scientist,"$48-$81 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Clinical Development Scientist*
As a Senior Clinical Development Scientist at Invivoscribe you are responsible for implementing company protocols in laboratory experiments. It is your job to ensure that product research and development is performed in a manner that complies with applicable regulations and industry standards. More specifically:

Supports development projects that includes generating analytical data for CAP accredited/CLIA certified assays.

Automates complex assays on liquid handlers.

Designs, leads execution of, and documents highly complex experiments that support the development of diagnostic reagents and assays.

Writes and finalizes protocols and reports according to standard guidelines when they are available.

Maintains a laboratory notebook that records all aspects of experimental design and results.

Uses laboratory techniques such as preparation of buffers and media, aseptic technique, cell culture, specimen processing, nucleic acid isolation and manipulation, PCR, and gel and capillary electrophoresis.

Independently operates laboratory equipment such as thermocyclers, next generation sequencing platforms, spectrophotometers, fluorometers, centrifuges, cell counters, autoclaves, scales, and DNA isolation workstations.
Skills and Experience Required: *
PhD in a scientific discipline and 5+ years in molecular biology or equivalent.

B.S. or M.S. degree and 8+ years in molecular biology or equivalent.

Experience with next generation sequencing technology, proven track record of automating complex assays and experience in product development is highly preferred.

Experience in clinical lab or FDA regulated environment highly preferred.

Extensive experience with nucleic acid purification, amplification, and related techniques.

Ability to troubleshoot and solve complex technical issues across multiple assays and platforms.

Working knowledge of quality and regulatory requirements for medical devices including QSR and ISO quality system standards and the IVD Directive.

Well-developed technical writing skills and verbal communication, able to create and deliver presentations before groups of professionals.

Proficient computer skills and good working knowledge of Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel).

Ability to follow and adhere to Standardized Operating Procedures (SOPs) as well as written and verbal instructions.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.invivoscribe.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.2,"Invivoscribe, Inc.
3.2","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
181,Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers,"$82k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers

Position Summary:

To continue our solid growth, we are seeking a talented and highly motivated Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers to join our growing organization. The role will provide data curation and analysis support for novel biomarker immunoassay and diagnostic test development and validation and will be responsible for developing and/or maintaining analysis tools and databases. The successful candidate will possess proficient analytical capability, solid background with use of statistics in a scientific context, and strong communication skills. We are looking for team oriented, hands on experts with a passion for personalized medicine and precision health.

Key Responsibilities:
Build, manage and query biomarker and clinical sample data repositories
Perform detailed and robust statistical analysis of clinical and laboratory research data
Statistical support for design and development of immunoassay and in vitro diagnostic assay products
Analyze large multisource and/or multivariate immunoassay data sets
Author statistical analysis plans, protocols, and reports for clinical and non-clinical evaluations
Review study reports for accuracy and robustness of statistical content
Adhere to data and documentation standards
Ensure accurate, in-depth results/data are delivered in a timely manner
Requirements:
PhD in Biology, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, or directly relevant experience in the field of immunoassays or biomarkers
Familiarity with statistical requirements associated with immunoassay data analysis e.g. CLSI standards, Fit-For-Purpose Biomarker Validation, FDA data reporting requirements
Ability to understand scientific questions and formulate statistical and data analysis methods.
Ability to effectively visualize complex biological datasets.
Experience in developing and annotating biological data repositories
Strong proficiency with widely used software tools for visualization and statistical analysis of biological data – examples may include Excel, Prism, JMP, Minitab, SAS
Experience with design of experiments, multivariate data analysis and generating ROC curves strongly preferred
Familiarity with LIMS beneficial
Proficient verbal and written communication skills to clearly explain complex technical details.
Commitment to the successful achievement of team and organizational goals
Quanterix is a company that's digitizing biomarker analysis with the goal of advancing the science of precision health. The company's digital health solution, Simoa, has the potential to change the way in which healthcare is provided today by giving researchers the ability to closely examine the continuum from health to disease. Quanterix' technology is designed to enable much earlier disease detection, better prognoses and enhanced treatment methods to improve the quality of life and longevity of the population for generations to come. The technology is currently being used for research applications in several therapeutic areas, including oncology, neurology, cardiology, inflammation and infectious disease. The company was established in 2007 and is located in Billerica, Massachusetts. For additional Information, please visit https://www.quanterix.com.

Quanterix is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Quanterix is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Quanterix will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.",3.2,"Quanterix
3.2","Billerica, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
182,Data Analyst,"$33k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our data operations team is the pharmacy support system for our customers - we help them transition to divvyDOSE, manage their prescriptions, answer their questions, and coordinate care with their health team. This work is coordinated across pharmacists, technicians, and customer support staff to ensure we provide the best care for our customers. Among other things, we transfer prescriptions to and from other pharmacies, contact medical care providers to understand treatments and request prescription refills and answer inbound questions from our customers.

You will:


Your goal is to help the operation run more effectively and efficiently through data analysis, reporting, dash-boarding, and special projects. You will help us build context through better reporting and drive the business forward by providing data-driven recommendations on ways to improve efficiency and optimize our operation. On any given day you might be presenting to our executive team, doing a deep dive on call analytics, or working with a small team to prototype and test new processes.
Become an expert and go-to resource for our process flows and our operational data
Work with operations management to develop actionable operations performance dashboards across all areas of the organization
Perform ad-hoc data analysis to identify measurable improvements to our operation, and advocate for those improvements via presentations and reports
Maintain and improve operations forecasting models
Collaborate with Finance and Technology teams to ensure we are able to continue to effectively measure our operation as technology improves
Communicate effectively and efficiently across multiple teams and work groups
Requirements
You have strong analytical and problem-solving skills
You are used to tackling very loosely defined problems and still deliver high-quality output
Advanced proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, and strong written and oral communication
Ability to adapt quickly to a changing environment
3-5 years of analyst experience
Bachelor's degree, with major in analytical or technical field strongly preferred
Experience with BI tools such as Looker or Tableau is a plus
Job Title: Data Analyst

Job Type: Full-time

FLSA Status: Exempt

Benefits

In addition to competitive salary and a unique opportunity to thrive at a growing company, divvyDOSE offers various formal benefits as well.

INSURANCE, PAID TIME OFF, & RETIREMENT

Full-time employees receive Sick days, Vacation days, and Holiday Bonuses as well as employer-paid Medical (including a Health Savings Account with an employer contribution), Dental, Vision, and Life insurance. In addition, we're proud to offer Voluntary Life & AD&D, Short Term Disability, and Long Term Disability coverage. A 401k plan with employer contribution is available, too.

SOCIAL EVENTS

In our company description, you can tell the divvyTEAM likes to have fun. Regular potlucks, company events, pizza days, wellness challenges, and divvyNEWS You Can Use updates maintain our work-hard play-hard culture.

divvyDOSE provides equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status, or other legally protected classification in the state in which a person is seeking employment. Applicants encouraged to confidentially self-identify when applying. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Drug-free work environment. Must be eligible to work in the United States.

Apply for this job",3.4,"divvyDOSE
3.4","Moline, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
183,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"At Sisu, we're building a software platform that empowers people to make better decisions using data. Based on years of cutting-edge research at Stanford, Sisu enables users to quickly and comprehensively understand what’s driving their key metrics, so they never miss a window of opportunity to act.

Sisu leverages the massive amounts of data available within private, first-party data warehouses, which capture a real-time, structured view of organizational behavior. By monitoring the performance of key metrics like revenue, retention, and churn, and their relationships to interactions between key factors like user demographics, campaigns, and acquisition channels, we can help users make better decisions. The key problem Sisu solves is to help identify what’s driving change among this enormous feature and hypothesis space. To do so, we combine statistical analysis and machine learning at scale to provide users personalized, real-time diagnoses of changes in their metrics via an explainable, interpretable user interface.

As a machine learning engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to shape the future of machine learning on massive, structured data. Much like public search engines rely on sophisticated models for ranking and relevance over unstructured text, machine learning is integral to Sisu’s value proposition of ranking and highlighting key drivers behind metrics derived from structured data. These results inform our users on how to take action as their businesses are changing.

You will be responsible for investigating and developing state-of-the-art algorithms in Sisu’s large-scale streaming structured data context. ML engineers at Sisu deliver their features end-to-end, from Jupyter notebook prototypes to production in Rust.
Responsibilities
Deliver state-of-the-art, scalable algorithms to production for forecasting time series, personalized ranking, robust statistical analysis of key customer business metrics
Build and maintain the infrastructure for data and model management
Work closely with the Sisu design and engineering teams for ML-adjacent components, such as viz and data processing
Give talks, write blog posts, and produce peer-reviewed publications
Preferred Qualifications
Either 4+ years of professional experience with ML or quantitative analysis, or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or Physics
Proficiency with Python and experience with data processing tools (e.g., scipy, numpy, pandas, Pytorch, and Spark)
Competency with forecasting deadlines, modular design, testing, code review, and working with new codebases
Strong technical communication skills
Please note that this is a full-time, non-remote role based in San Francisco.

Sisu is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.",4.0,"Sisu Data
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
184,Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist,-1,"Position: *Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist
Position Summary: *LiveBx seeks to fill a position for a full-time Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist, to join its diverse and talented design group. This individual will contribute to the development of novel label-free imaging technologies, working side-by-side proven scientific leaders that continue to push the boundaries of innovation in this rapidly expanding field. The candidate will have a key role in the design of robust femtosecond lasers, operate the corresponding optical imaging technologies and systems, and perform/manage translational imaging studies involving cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, and human tissue specimens. This position will work closely with research personnel at the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign Biophotonics Imaging Laboratory, LiveBx company founders, as well as closely interface with market leading customers, industry partners, and R&D collaborators.
Compensation: *Base salary $60,000 - $80,000 annually with benefits; Additional incentive compensation available for meeting project and company milestones, including an equity profits interest for advanced candidates.
Duties and Responsibilities*:

• Innovate and develop robust fiber-based femtosecond lasers for nonlinear optical imaging applications.

• Innovate and develop novel nonlinear optical imaging systems, including both hardware and software, for applications in biological discovery and translational biomedical imaging.

• Develop and design fiber-optic-based beam delivery systems for multimodal nonlinear imaging.

• Evaluate and modify current system software and algorithms, hardware control and data acquisition software, user interfaces, and software for data storage and communication.

• Perform qualitative and quantitative imaging using various optical imaging systems on cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, and/or human tissue specimens using established procedures and independent judgment to determine probable causes for low- and high- quality images.

• Perform established quality assurance procedures (quality control testing, instrument function checks and calibrations), maintain appropriate documentation, and report irregularities per company policy.

• Assess accuracy and validity of obtained test results by applying knowledge of relevant scientific principles, recognize changes that are critical to research studies, and identify probable causes for irregular and atypical findings.

• Maintain records of tests, examinations, and final results for all record functions and inquiries related to imaging human tissue specimens.

• Continue to develop professionally (e.g., member of professional society, attend conferences, and keep up on latest advances in the field).

Education and Experience*:

• B.S/M.S. (Ph.D. preferred) degree in optical engineering or the physical sciences.
• 3+ years of research experience in ultrafast optics and/or nonlinear optical imaging.
Key Competencies*
• Understanding of optical systems design principles.
• Must be a results-driven self-starter with the ability to work independently as well as collaborate with team members on projects and initiatives.
• Proven ability to design, assemble, and validate complex optical systems through hands- on laboratory experimentation and development.
• Aptitude in decision-making and problem-solving.
• Strong analytical and data-driven mindset that translates into innovation and robust designs.
• Flexibility and adaptability in priorities, tasks, and schedule.
• Highly organized and detail oriented.
• The ability to multi-task, prioritize, plan, and use time efficiently to stay on point, work with a sense of urgency, and meet deadlines is crucial.
• Ability to use discretion and maintain a high level of confidentiality.
• Effectively and professionally convey information, internally and externally, through verbal and written communication skills.
Preferred Qualifications*
• 7+ years of research experience in ultrafast optics and/or nonlinear optical imaging.
• 3+ years of industry experience in designing robust and manufacturable lasers.
• Direct technical expertise in ultra-fast lasers, non-linear optics, and laser source engineering.
• Skilled in the use of optical design, system control, and analysis tools such as Zemax and Matlab.
• Training or experience in crafting grant proposals, responding to FOAs from federal agencies (NIH, NSF, DoD, AFOSR, etc.).
• Knowledge of industry safety standards including CDRH, CE, UL, and laboratory safety compliance.
• Demonstrated leadership in optical engineering.
• Imaging of biological specimens utilizing microscopy-based imaging systems.
• Experience working with cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, animal models, and/or human tissue specimens.
• Enjoy working on and with diverse interdisciplinary teams.

This is a full-time, benefits-eligible position. Compensation is commensurate with skills and experience.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.livebiopsy.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,LiveBx,"Champaign, IL",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
185,Sr. Data Visualization Developer,"$70k-$119k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Axle Informatics is a bioinformatics and information technology company that offers innovative computer services, informatics, and enterprise solutions to research centers and healthcare organizations around the globe. With experts in software engineering, bioinformatics and program management, we focus on developing and applying technology tools and techniques to empower decision-making and accelerate the discovery in translational research. We work with some of the top research organizations and facilities in the country including multiple institutes at the National Institutes of health (NIH)

Overview

We are looking for a Sr. Data Visualization Developer with a Front-End Developer experience and extensive D3.JS and/or WebGL experience to support projects at the NIH. The position will be based in Rockville, Maryland. We are looking for a skilled and motivated developer with expertise in interactive graphical representation of large data and/or streaming data for 2D and 3D visualizations. The successful applicant will be involved with developing user interfaces and data visualization tools from data acquired in collaboration with scientists, biologists, and/or clinicians across the NIH.

Responsibilities
5+ years of experience in web-based user-interface design and development.
Experience building large-scale, reactive web UI frontends:
UI design using HTML5, CSS, etc.
Javascript frameworks (e.g. React, Vue.js, Aurelia, Angular, etc).
Javascript build and bundling tools (gulp, webpack, requirejs, jspm, yarn).
Building interactive graphs using D3.js libraries.
Building interactive visualizations using WebGL or WebGL based (ie. Deck.GL) libraries.
Finding and integrating custom components in a chosen framework as well as building one from scratch when needed.
Defining API needs for the client.
Troubleshooting web applications.
Using debug tools such as Chrome developer tools.
Finding fixing bugs, cross browser issues, performance issues.
Use of message-bus architectures and message queue implementations in a web UI ( http2, websockets, wamp, websockets, server sent events, stomp).
Candidates must be comfortable working with:
Linux and MacOS operating systems.
A ticket system such as Jira.
A team documentation system such as Confluence.
Source control (git), collaboration tools.
Agile and scrum workflows.
Preferred
Experience with any/all of the following: Plotly Javascript, ParaViewWeb, Tau Charts, C3.js, Nvd3, and/or ReCharts
Experience with any/all of the following: WebGL1.0/2.0, Deck.gl, Luma.gl, three.js, xeo.gl, stack.gl, wgpu, and dawn.
Experience with container (e.g. Docker) technologies.
Experience with build and deployment tools (ie. npm, Jenkins, TravisCL).
Listed examples of open-source work (e.g. GitHub) .
Experience developing for mobile platforms (native or web-based applications) .
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree plus 2 years of experience in UI designing, or master’s degree.
3-6 years developing and designing visualization platforms.
Strong knowledge and experience with D3.js and/or WebGL.
Excellent communication skills and ability to work in a team environment.
Benefits

Paid Time Off (PTO)
10 Paid Federal holidays
Generous health coverage provided with no monthly premium to the employee
Generous vision and dental coverage provided with no monthly premium to the employee
Short and Long-Term Disability coverage (paid by company)
Basic Life and AD&D coverage (paid by company; option to purchase additional coverage)
401(K) with significant company match and no vesting period
Competitive salaries with performance bonus opportunities
Discount plan for legal services & identify theft protection
Flexible Spending Accounts:
Healthcare (FSA)
Parking Reimbursement Account (PRK)
Dependent Care Assistant Program (DCAP)
Transportation Reimbursement Account (TRN)


The diversity of Axle’s employees is a tremendous asset. We are firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment based age, race, gender, religion, national origin, disability, marital status, covered veteran status, sexual orientation, status with respect to public assistance, and other characteristics protected under state, federal, or local law and to deter those who aid, abet, or induce discrimination or coerce others to discriminate.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $55.00 - $67.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
UI designing: 1 year (Preferred)
developing & designing visualization platforms: 3 years (Preferred)
Deck.gl, Luma.gl, three.js, xeo.gl, stack.gl, wgpu: 1 year (Preferred)
container (e.g. Docker) technologies: 1 year (Preferred)
D3.js and/or WebGL: 1 year (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)",3.9,"Axle Informatics
3.9","Rockville, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
186,Principal Scientist/Director-Immunology,-1,"*Scismic *is supporting the growth of an early stage venture backed biotechnology company creating novel RNA Therapeutics!

We are seeking an exceptional researcher to join our team as a Principal Scientist or Director to join a team to design and evaluate candidate therapies for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases. The ideal candidate is an immunologist with molecular and/or cellular training with experience in using gain-of-function techniques (transgenes, gene therapy, gene editing) to engineer immune cells to create therapeutic candidates. They will be able to lead a scientific team; possess strong oral and written communication capabilities; demonstrate excellent collaboration & interpersonal skills for matrix-based and extra-mural interactions; and be adept at problem solving in a dynamic environment.

*Responsibilities*
Lead a team of scientists to expand our therapeutic pipeline by:
-Evaluating oRNA constructs to express proteins of interestEvaluation oRNA constructs and formulation in relevant human and animal cell lines
-Evaluation oRNA constructs and formulations in in-house animal modelsAs needed, lead collaborations with extramural groups (CROs or academics) to design and execute evaluation of candidate oRNA formulations in established animal models.
-Actively participate within project teams and collaborate across interdisciplinary R&D programs.
-Independently design rigorous experiments, interpret data, and communicate findings in well-articulated presentations.
-Contribute to a positive and exciting work environment, contributing to a strong, entrepreneurial and creative culture.

*Qualifications*
-Passionate, adaptable scientist looking to make an impact in a biotech startup environment.
-PhD or equivalent in immunology with 5+ years of postgraduate research experience in the pharmaceutical or biotech industry.
-Proven track record of scientific excellence as demonstrated by publications and/or patents.
-Expertise leading teams in the following areas: Molecular mechanisms of immuno-oncology and/or autoimmunity
-Engineering immune cell effector or regulatory function (ideally both)
-Animal models of cancer and autoimmune diseaseNew modality therapies, such as RNA, gene therapy or gene editingProtein and nucleic acid manipulation

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
* 401(k)
* Dental insurance
* Health insurance
* Paid time off
* Vision insurance
Schedule:
* Monday to Friday

Work Remotely:
* No",-1,Scismic,"Cambridge, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
187,Principal Scientist/Director-Immunology,-1,"*Scismic *is supporting the growth of an early stage venture backed biotechnology company creating novel RNA Therapeutics!

We are seeking an exceptional researcher to join our team as a Principal Scientist or Director to join a team to design and evaluate candidate therapies for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases. The ideal candidate is an immunologist with molecular and/or cellular training with experience in using gain-of-function techniques (transgenes, gene therapy, gene editing) to engineer immune cells to create therapeutic candidates. They will be able to lead a scientific team; possess strong oral and written communication capabilities; demonstrate excellent collaboration & interpersonal skills for matrix-based and extra-mural interactions; and be adept at problem solving in a dynamic environment.

*Responsibilities*
Lead a team of scientists to expand our therapeutic pipeline by:
-Evaluating oRNA constructs to express proteins of interestEvaluation oRNA constructs and formulation in relevant human and animal cell lines
-Evaluation oRNA constructs and formulations in in-house animal modelsAs needed, lead collaborations with extramural groups (CROs or academics) to design and execute evaluation of candidate oRNA formulations in established animal models.
-Actively participate within project teams and collaborate across interdisciplinary R&D programs.
-Independently design rigorous experiments, interpret data, and communicate findings in well-articulated presentations.
-Contribute to a positive and exciting work environment, contributing to a strong, entrepreneurial and creative culture.

*Qualifications*
-Passionate, adaptable scientist looking to make an impact in a biotech startup environment.
-PhD or equivalent in immunology with 5+ years of postgraduate research experience in the pharmaceutical or biotech industry.
-Proven track record of scientific excellence as demonstrated by publications and/or patents.
-Expertise leading teams in the following areas: Molecular mechanisms of immuno-oncology and/or autoimmunity
-Engineering immune cell effector or regulatory function (ideally both)
-Animal models of cancer and autoimmune diseaseNew modality therapies, such as RNA, gene therapy or gene editingProtein and nucleic acid manipulation

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
* 401(k)
* Dental insurance
* Health insurance
* Paid time off
* Vision insurance
Schedule:
* Monday to Friday

Work Remotely:
* No",-1,Scismic,"Cambridge, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
188,Data Analyst,"$60k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

A Data Analyst designs, executes and interprets past and real time data to identify trends, reconcile inconsistencies, and make recommendations to improved IT Service Delivery This includes active analysis of the traditional ITSM Event, Incident, Request, Problem, Knowledge, Change, Configuration and Release processes.

What Youll Get to Do:
Monitors and queries the IT Service Delivery platform to analyze demand, usage, and performance
Uses data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate reporting to improve service delivery, infrastructure management, and conduct proactive problem and incident management.
Works with the ITSM Process Leads and Customer Engagement teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performance
Analyze, define, and report on trends identified in the data
Facilitate Technical Exchange Meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reporting
Leverage the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendations
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement data collection solutions, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality of information
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement and Continual Service Improvement (CSI) opportunities
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Active TS/SCI with Poly required
A bachelor's degree OR equivalent experience/4+ years of IT experience AND 1+ year of data analyst, performance management, and service delivery reporting
ITIL Foundations certification
A good understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniques
Knowledge of statistics and experience with statistical tools to analyze data sets (Excel, SPSS, or SAS)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Experience with the ServiceNow toolset
Experience with Tableau
Degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
ITIL Intermediate Certifications
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
allspark

BITS3

Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.8,"CACI International
3.8","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
189,Clinical Data Scientist,-1,"You will conduct analyses using various disparate types of healthcare data (e.g., clinical trial data, insurance claims data, Electronic Health Record (EHR) data, etc.). You will explore these data with a critical eye and transform these data into meaningful insights, creating outputs that may be used for publication, regulatory submissions, internal decision-making, market tracking, or other uses. Working closely with the other members of the Clinical Computational Sciences team, you will be encouraged to use new and emerging data sources and technologies to drive innovation and to conduct analyses at scale.
The Impact You Will Have
Our mission is to make innovative drugs affordable and accessible. You will be instrumental in making that vision a reality. We are working to build a truly modern and efficient clinical development organization, with data at the core of what we do. You will play a key role in analyzing this data in support of our development programs.
Your Superpowers
You hold a Masters or PhD in biostatistics, epidemiology, health economics, public health, computational biology or another quantitative scientific discipline, with 1-3 years of work experience
You are problem focused, creative, and practical in how you apply data to problems
You love working with data and live for the “aha!” moments where you use it to answer meaningful questions
You have experience applying observational and statistical methods to conduct rigorous scientific analyses
You’re energized by the prospect of rolling up your sleeves to tackle important problems in drug development and reimbursement
You can program fluently in a modern statistical programming software (e.g., R) and want to develop your skills further.
You’ve worked with data scientists and software engineers to put code into production – you think about scalable ways to improve the reach of your work.
You want to build a career in clinical data analysis (biostatistics, health economics, RWE, etc.)
Bonus points if you have experience in genomic data analysis or oncology data experience
You are an excellent communicator – you can use data to tell a clear and compelling story and can communicate complex analyses to many types of stakeholders
You have a curious mind and are excited to learn new skills, tools, and about novel types and uses of data.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
190,Data Scientists with TS/SCI,-1,"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking Data Scientists with TS/SCI to support a client in Springfield, VA

My name is Stephen Hrutka, and I am the owner of a Veteran-owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

We are looking to hire (2) data scientists to support NGA in Springfield, VA. The role is remote to start, no idea when traditional onsite will begin.

Please see below for the position description. If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Position Tasks:
Develop Python or R code to read/categorize large amounts of unstructured data
Develop code to evaluate Intelligence Information Reports (IIRs) for metadata accuracy
Develop code that recognizes and extracts entities from IIRs w/ 90% accuracy
Visualize data derived from structuring of unstructured/semi-structured data
Brief results of code development to leadership to include methods, limitations, and assumptions
Position Deliverables:
Monthly reports
Code modules using Natural Language Processing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Code modules using Entity Recognition to analyze multiple unstructured data files and identify all people, groups, and categories of objects
Code modules using Latent Semantic Indexing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Develop code that can be stand-alone or incorporated into existing applications
Visualizations of large data sets, bringing forward unobscured data, and enabling personnel to understand the data quickly
Position Requirements:
Government Security Clearance
Minimum of (3) years of experience related to the following areas: parametric and non-parametric statistical methods; visualizing statistical effects in complex datasets; performing statistical data analysis in Python and/or R; providing and explaining clear analytical results in well-written reports
Ability to write and execute queries in SQL
Ability to visualize data with aid of data visualization tools such as Tableau
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
Ability to work in distributed systems and to develop creative solutions to data problems
Experience with database tools
Preferred Qualifications:
Statistical Modeling: 10 years
Natural Language Processing: 5 years
Python and R: 3 years
Latent Semantic Indexing: 5 years
SQL: 3 years
Tableau: 1 year
Entity Recognition: 5 years",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Springfield, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
191,Data Scientist Virtual Hiring Event,"$59k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Booz Allen Hamilton Hiring Event!

Event Details
Date: Wednesday, October 14, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Data Scientist, Senior

Software Engineer

Cloud Engineer

Cloud Software Engineer, Journeyman

Cloud Developer

Software Developer

Data Engineer

Full Stack Developer

Dashboard Developer

System Administrator, Senior

Full Stack Developer, Senior

Data Scientist, Senior

Data Scientist

Physicist, Senior

Intake Details:

Requirements

Varies by position

Technical requirements

The interview will take place on Indeed's virtual interviewing platform. After RSVP, you will find a link in your email that will lead you directly to the video interview lobby during the event. Try to find a quiet place with good lighting and a stable internet connection.

What to bring to this event

Resume

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Business casual (dress pants/skirt, button down/blouse, optional tie).

About Booz Allen Hamilton

Empower people to change the world℠

We are a global firm of approximately 27,200 diverse, passionate, and exceptional people driven to excel, do right, and realize positive change in everything we do.

We bring bold thinking and a desire to be the best in our work in consulting, analytics, digital solutions, engineering, and cyber, and with industries ranging from defense to health to energy to international development.

We celebrate and value diversity in all its forms; it’s something we truly value as a multicultural community of problem solvers. We believe in corporate and individual citizenship that make our communities better places for all.

We have one guiding purpose—to empower people to change the world. Our founder, Edwin Booz said it best: “Start with character… and fear not the future.” We bring a ferocious integrity to not only train our clients to tackle the problems they face today, but to help them change the status quo for tomorrow. Each day, we imagine, invent, and deliver new ways to better serve our employees, our clients, and the world.

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

The Challenge:
Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve the government's advanced analytics capabilities. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, apply machine learning and deep learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help drive innovation, research, and development for our military and government leaders make informed decisions make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in bringing decision support and innovation to our clients.

Empower change with us.

https://careers.boozallen.com/jobs/JobDetail/St-Louis-Data-Scientist-R0090539/30167",3.9,"Booz Allen Hamilton
3.9","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1914,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
192,"Scientist, DNA-Encoded Library Group",-1,"_Full-time role based in Monmouth Junction, NJ_

Within every human cell, nature has engineered finely tuned control mechanisms to correct imbalances caused by stress and disease and promote healing. At HotSpot Therapeutics, nature is inspiring us to create a wave of new medicines.

Through a proprietary technology platform, we are uncovering privileged allosteric sites used by nature to control proteins – called _regulatory hotspots_- that can be exploited through small molecule drug discovery. Regulatory hotspots are allowing sought-after targets to be drugged for the first time while delivering molecules with exquisite selectivity and attractive drug-like properties.

HotSpot is supported by a syndicate of leading healthcare investors based in the US and Europe. You will be joining a seasoned team of drug hunters with an excellent track record in drug discovery. As a HotSpotter, you are comfortable thinking outside the box and breaking convention. You are curious about the world and contribute beyond your precise role description. You are action orientated and extraordinary at getting things done. You communicate openly with your colleagues and you hate office politics.

HotSpot is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
Mission*_: Produce High-Quality DNA-Encoded Libraries_
Lead efforts to plan, produce, and use our DNA-Encoded Library (DEL) platform.
Deliverables*
Perform and manage library design and build activities

· Design new libraries for HotSpot-binding compounds (in conjunction with computational chemistry)

· Work with vendors to source library inputs

· Develop new chemistry to be used in future DEL builds

· Manage and perform the profiling of library inputs, includes other group members

· Draft and use SOPs, protocols, and other build documentation to ensure robust build quality

· Manage and be a part of the actual DEL library build process

· Learn to work with output of DEL screens

Manage Employees

· Work with rest of HotSpot build team, comp chem

· Manage direct reports

· Manage offshore FTEs
Competencies*
· Previous experience in chemical methodology and/or total synthesis

· Chemistry background

· Driven, self motivated without supervision; can define a clear process for achieving goal

· Output oriented – rapidly commit thinking to slides

· Open and Collaborative worker/communicator who is comfortable operating in a team setting

· Comfortable working within distributed team model including use of Zoom or other

video-conference tools

· Experience working with Microsoft Powerpoint, Word, and Excel

· Ability to integrate data/input from different sources and team members

· Ph.D., post doc with 0-4 years industry experience.

· Synthetic chemistry/medicinal chemistry training or experience

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.hotspotthera.com
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,HotSpot Therapeutics,"Monmouth Junction, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
193,"Scientist, DNA-Encoded Library Group",-1,"_Full-time role based in Monmouth Junction, NJ_

Within every human cell, nature has engineered finely tuned control mechanisms to correct imbalances caused by stress and disease and promote healing. At HotSpot Therapeutics, nature is inspiring us to create a wave of new medicines.

Through a proprietary technology platform, we are uncovering privileged allosteric sites used by nature to control proteins – called _regulatory hotspots_- that can be exploited through small molecule drug discovery. Regulatory hotspots are allowing sought-after targets to be drugged for the first time while delivering molecules with exquisite selectivity and attractive drug-like properties.

HotSpot is supported by a syndicate of leading healthcare investors based in the US and Europe. You will be joining a seasoned team of drug hunters with an excellent track record in drug discovery. As a HotSpotter, you are comfortable thinking outside the box and breaking convention. You are curious about the world and contribute beyond your precise role description. You are action orientated and extraordinary at getting things done. You communicate openly with your colleagues and you hate office politics.

HotSpot is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
Mission*_: Produce High-Quality DNA-Encoded Libraries_
Lead efforts to plan, produce, and use our DNA-Encoded Library (DEL) platform.
Deliverables*
Perform and manage library design and build activities

· Design new libraries for HotSpot-binding compounds (in conjunction with computational chemistry)

· Work with vendors to source library inputs

· Develop new chemistry to be used in future DEL builds

· Manage and perform the profiling of library inputs, includes other group members

· Draft and use SOPs, protocols, and other build documentation to ensure robust build quality

· Manage and be a part of the actual DEL library build process

· Learn to work with output of DEL screens

Manage Employees

· Work with rest of HotSpot build team, comp chem

· Manage direct reports

· Manage offshore FTEs
Competencies*
· Previous experience in chemical methodology and/or total synthesis

· Chemistry background

· Driven, self motivated without supervision; can define a clear process for achieving goal

· Output oriented – rapidly commit thinking to slides

· Open and Collaborative worker/communicator who is comfortable operating in a team setting

· Comfortable working within distributed team model including use of Zoom or other

video-conference tools

· Experience working with Microsoft Powerpoint, Word, and Excel

· Ability to integrate data/input from different sources and team members

· Ph.D., post doc with 0-4 years industry experience.

· Synthetic chemistry/medicinal chemistry training or experience

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.hotspotthera.com
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,HotSpot Therapeutics,"Monmouth Junction, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
194,"Machine Learning Engineer, Marketing Analytics","$50k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Ibotta is seeking a Machine Learning Engineer to help build a targeted, personalized, high performing Marketing engine that drives our company's mission to make every purchase rewarding for millions of consumers. We're looking for a machine learning engineer who has a passion for building scalable machine learning solutions using technologies such as Python, Spark, AWS, Airflow, Sagemaker, PyTorch, etc. Every member of the team has input into our analytics strategy and will have a real impact on Marketing decisions and performance.

What you will be doing:
Design, develop and deploy large scale, big data-driven machine learning models that are integrated with key product features. Some examples of potential projects include:
Building/scaling ML related infrastructure to help streamline the development, evaluation, deployment, and re-usability of core ML features and services
A/B testing. Ability to distinguish the signal from the noise in order to drive business decisions, and iteratively improve performance from new/existing marketing campaigns
Using experiments to build uplift models that decide optimal treatments at the user level
Collaborate with Engineering and Analytics leads to establish analytic standards and platforms that scale and can be leveraged in various initiatives throughout the organization
Deliver world class products in partnership with cross functional teams (Product Managers, Data Engineers, Software Engineers, etc.)
Communicate complex machine learning solutions, concepts and the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner to business stakeholders and technology leaders to maximize the effectiveness of machine learning initiatives
What we are looking for:
2+ years of professional experience as a Machine Learning Engineer, Data Scientist, or equivalent role, focusing on machine learning, statistical modeling, and/or ML infrastructure
Proficiency in Python
Experience working with machine learning frameworks (e.g. scikit-learn, xgboost, PyTorch, TensorFlow) and distributed big-data tools (Spark, Hive)
Experience working with version control systems (e.g. git) and CI/CD for machine learning pipelines
Ability to communicate complex, technical machine learning implementations to diverse audiences
Ability to think critically and leverage domain expertise to build machine learning powered applications that help to achieve high-level business objectives
About Us:

Headquartered in Denver, CO, Ibotta (""I bought a..."") is a free mobile shopping and payments app that has delivered more than $675 million in cumulative cash rewards to its users for making purchases in-store, on mobile apps, or via websites. Launched in 2012, Ibotta has more than 35 million downloads and has become one of the most frequently used shopping apps in the United States. The Ibotta platform provides cash back on purchases at more than 1,500 leading brands and hundreds of retailer partners. In 2019, Ibotta launched its payments solution, Pay with Ibotta™, enabling shoppers to pay for their entire purchase through the Ibotta app and instantly earn cash back. Ibotta was named to the 2019 Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing private companies in the U.S., after debuting on the list in 2018. The company recently became the first mobile consumer technology company in Colorado to achieve $1B in valuation.

Learn more about Ibotta here: https://liferewarded.ibotta.com/press-and-media/

To learn more about what our Tech teams are doing day to day, visit Building Ibotta on Medium.com.

Additional Details:
This position is located in Denver, CO and includes competitive pay, benefits package (including medical, dental, vision), 401k, and equity.
Ibotta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Ibotta's employment decisions are made without regard with race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.
For the security of our employees and the business, all employees are responsible for the secure handling of data in accordance with our security policies, identifying and reporting phishing attempts, as well as reporting security incidents to the proper channels.",3.6,"Ibotta
3.6","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
195,Data Analyst,-1,"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking a Senior Data Analyst for Role in Washington, DC

My name is Stephen Hrutka and I am the owner of a Veteran Owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the VA, SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

One of my Veteran-owned clients is looking for a Senior Data Analyst to support a Federal Client in Washington, DC. The ideal candidate has VA experience and experience within the financial management office.

If this role is not a fit for you but you may know someone, I am glad to offer a referral bonus for any successful placements.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
HRUCKUS LLC

Executive Summary: HRUCKUS is seeking a Senior Data Analyst with 8 years of experience to support a Federal Client in Washington, DC.

Overall Job Description: This position will provide support services to a Federal Client in their initiative to provide fraud prevention services for the VBA in addressing its improper payment and fraud prevention/investigation needs.

Position Responsibilities:
Performs tasks which may include obtaining data through advanced computerized models
Extrapolating data patterns through advanced algorithms
Developing simple graphs and charts to explain how the mathematical information will influence the specific project or business
Presenting to managers how to best alter their business models to generate profitable future trends
Education Requirement: BA/BS degree",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
196,Data Engineer,"$52k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

ID.me is a digital identity network and our mission is to make the world a more trusted place by facilitating transparent and efficient interactions between people and organizations.

We are looking for a Data Engineer to join our Product team to design and build a robust set of tools and pipelines to support data analytics efforts. You’ll manage and optimize our core infrastructure by creating and maintaining data pipelines. You will work with other engineers and analysts from the Product and Business teams to design, implement, and maintain a data ecosystem that delivers actionable insights to make key business decisions. You have technical chops but can also work independently to prioritize issues, work within ambiguity, and manage conflicting deadlines. You are creative, data-driven, results-oriented, and eager to help us solve data problems of varying complexities.

Responsibilities
Develop technical solutions using proven techniques in data and analytics processes
Develop, prototype, and build frameworks based on open source and commercially available tools
Orchestrate and maintain data pipelines that meet security standards and ensure the integrity and quality of data
Demonstrate a passion for serving the needs of internal and external customers by enabling them with self-service reporting tools and analytics capabilities
Drive the execution of data initiatives that provide key performance metrics
Understand the data related challenges, nuances, and requirements to identify and recommend the optimal technical approach
Train and educate team members as well as stakeholders about best practices in data engineering and governance
Collaborate closely with the engineering and devops team to implement DataOps, thus reducing our analytics development cycle
Research and improve our data platform to ingest, process, transform, and distribute insightful data to our audience ranging from executives, analysts, and engineers to customers, vendors, and partners
Evangelize data driven culture by breaking down silos and encouraging data sharing
Qualifications
3+ years of hands-on experience in data engineering for a SaaS company or a mature startup
Proven experience working with various tools but more importantly, familiarity with how to best assemble and deploy production ready data stack to any cloud environment
BS in a quantitative or scientific field such as computer science, computer engineering or equivalent experience
Experience in applying agile software development approach - Git, CI/CD, Jira, etc - to data engineering
Familiar with SQL and other popular programming languages (such as Ruby, Python, .NET, etc)
Exceptional fluency with SQL; you conquered the join venn diagram long ago and have moved on to explaining cost based optimization to your peers on the engineering team
Some level of experience working in the cloud - AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience with ingesting, processing, and visualizing data sources of varying types - structured/relational and unstructured
Experience in developing, managing, and manipulating large, complex datasets
Data-driven, detail-oriented individual with excellent storytelling and problem-solving abilities
Ability to work independently and autonomously, as well as part of a team
Superb time management, prioritization of tasks and ability to meet deadlines with little supervision
Vision: To be the world's leading digital identity network empowering people to control their own information and to prove their credentials across all channels: online, call center, and in-person.

Mission: To make the world a more trusted place by delivering the highest level of security with the least amount of friction at the lowest possible cost.

People: We have an audacious mission. We aim to fix the identity layer of the internet. Billions of people will live better lives with more trust and convenience thanks to ID.me. We are like Special Forces. We take on the most difficult challenges with amazing teammates.

ID.me Core Values: *Don't be a jerk. *Always compete. *Ask questions like a 5-year old. *Inspire people with your passion. *Make something better every day. *Treat each customer like your favorite family member. *Own your mistakes so you can learn from them. *Details are everything. *Communicate like a scientist. *Be truthful (even when it's hard). *Reflect ID.me's values in your actions. *Act like an owner.

ID.me Career Site & Culture Deck: https://www.id.me/careers",3.2,"Id.me
3.2","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
197,Data Scientist,-1,"The Data Scientist is responsible for developing, maintaining and enhancing statistical models and algorithms to create strategic business opportunities across the organization. This position is constantly challenged to tap into advanced mathematical and statistical techniques to develop optimal solutions. This position is expected to communicate complex concepts clearly

PREFERRED SKILLS:
MS/PhD. degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research, CS, Econometrics strongly preferred, or equivalent/ related degree with emphasis in quantitative methods preferred
Experience in Hadoop-based data tools and languages (e.g. Mahout, Hive, Pig) a plus.
JOB DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develops and utilizes Teradata and Hadoop data pulls (SQL, HIVE) to produce concise conclusions from raw data in a clean, wellstructured and easily maintainable format as well as understand complex business requirements, business goals, and drivers and drive solutions aligning to SHC technology strategy. For example, this position finds optimal promotional cadence for seasonal goods by forecasting demand; adjusting the model based on actual outcome; and making price recommendations on a weekly basis to maximize margin.
Designs, implements and automates modeling and analysis procedures on existing and experimentally created data using open source programs including but not limited to Python and R. Modeling and analysis aims at answering various pricing and promotion questions such as ""What is the best price?"", ""What is the best promotional cadence?"" and ""How should price differ across location and member?"" For example, this position builds models to estimate pricing elasticities accounting for seasonality, promotions and other factors. Scales the model so that it can be applied to different divisions, recommending optimal price to
maximize margin.
Plans for integrating new systems, provides leadership for service-oriented architecture (SOA) programs and adoption, and assesses the risk of implementing new solutions. Oversees and creates solutions implemented on large data warehouses. Provides leadership in developing robust solutions for Analytics, Predictive Analytics, Pattern Recognition, Data Mining, Reporting, Web Analytics, and Metadata Management.
Organizes conclusions drawn from data into action items to improve pricing strategy and presents conclusions and action items to BU partners and pricing leadership.
Provides insight into emerging technology and provide direction in the incorporation of new technology. Creates enhancements and defect resolution on an ongoing basis to improve efficiency of the code base, as well as conduct POCs (Proof of Concept) to evaluate new technologies when required.
Establishes reporting and tracking to continuously monitor and report out impact
Increases pace and confidence of learning by combining state of the art technology and statistical methods (parametric and nonparametric econometrics and machine learning); provides expertise in integrating advanced analytics into ongoing business processes (combine data mining techniques with structure approaches to avoid spurious correlations). Maintains awareness of modeling and analytics best practices from a wide range of industries REQUIRED SKILLS:
5+ years prior data experience (cleaning raw data, coding analysis, and presenting results) either professionally or in an academic setting
Experience in economics, statistics, or computer science
Knowledge of various programming software and languages such as, but not limited to R, Stata, Matlab, Python, SQL, and Excel
Familiarity with version control, especially Git
Experience in Hadoop-based data tools and languages (e.g. Mahout, Hive, Pig) a plus.
Sound technical & analytical skills, concise & clean analytic graphics
Desire & willingness to work in a collaborative, innovative, flexible and team-oriented environment, welcoming push back on conclusions and inferences
Flexibility, adaptability and the ability to learn quickly in various technical and creative environments, while delivering quality work by tight deadlines
Ability to perform thorough analysis of complex data, draw sound conclusions, and devise actionable strategies
All employees/associates may in the course of their duties come in contact with Credit / Debit Card Data. If this data is exposed as part of their position in the site/center, the associate must protect that data as directed and required by the compliance team to ensure SHC s compliance to current Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standards (DSS)",2.7,"Transformco
2.7","Hoffman Estates, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
198,Senior Data Scientist 3 Artificial Intelligence,"$70k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311094

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 5 years of experience, Masters with 3 years of experience or PHD with 1 year of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
199,Data Scientist,"$111k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai

As a Data Scientist, you will participate in the definition of new analytics capabilities able to provide our customers with the information they need to make proper decisions to support our customers in operating the internet of things (IoT). In addition, you will help find the appropriate machine learning / data mining algorithms to answer these questions. Finally, you will be responsible for implementing this into the product and making it available to our customers.

Qualified candidates will have an in-depth knowledge of most common machine learning techniques and their application. You will also understand the limitations of these algorithms and how to tweak them or derive from them to achieve similar results at large-scale.

Your Responsibilities:
Driving adoption of Deep Learning systems into next-generation of C3.ai products.
Designing and deploying Machine Learning algorithms for industrial applications such as fraud detection and predictive maintenance.
Collaborating with data and subject matter experts from C3.ai and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements.
Requirements:
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields.
Applied Machine Learning experience (regression and classification, supervised, and unsupervised learning).
Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability and statistics).
Experience with scalable ML (MapReduce, streaming).
Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team.
Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Preferred
Experience with JavaScript and prototyping languages such as Python and R. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus.
Knowledge in electrical engineering and cyber-physical systems is a plus.
A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.) is a plus.
C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including:
Competitive salary, generous stock options, 401K, medical, dental, and vision benefits. At the office, we offer a fully stocked kitchen with catered breakfast and lunch, table tennis and pool table, free membership at our on-site gym, Friday evening social hours with food, drink and music and a fun team of great people.
C3.ai is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.",4.5,"C3.ai
4.5","Redwood City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
200,Marketing Data Analyst,"$70k-$100k
(Employer Est.)","Were seeking a Marketing Data Analyst with an entrepreneurial drive who loves turning data into actionable insights and empowering marketing stakeholders to better leverage and understand their data.

Initial responsibilities:
Build, maintain, and monitor a comprehensive set of metrics and KPIs to measure the marketing groups health and success.
Collaborate with specific marketing subgroups to supply them with data and analysis they need day in and day out.
Identify underlying trends in marketing data to help provide strategic recommendations for marketing subgroups.
Empowering marketing group members by helping them understand underlying data and correct ways to interpret the data.
Responsibilities that can be earned:
Use the set of marketing group metrics to spearhead data projects that will help us double down on effective efforts and scale back low/negative ROI efforts.
Uncover data behind eBooks, research reports, social campaigns, and more - for every project underway, make sure theres accompanying data.
Requirements:
3-5 years in an analytic role, SaaS business model is a plus.
Marketing analyst / business analyst experience preferred.
High level of comfort with SQL strongly preferred.
Experience working with SaaS metrics, retention and LTV modeling, and attribution-based measurement a plus.
Strong analytical skills, data sensibility, and an able communicator.
California Job Applicant Privacy Notice

Thank you for your interest in opportunities at SimplePractice LLC (“SimplePractice” or “us” or “we” or “our”). Please note that when you submit your resume or application materials to us for employment purposes, we may collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, email address, and phone number); protected characteristics (e.g., sex, gender, age, citizenship, disability status, and veteran status); professional or employment-related information (e.g., employment history, educational background, certificates and licenses, work eligibility information and other information obtained from your resume, cover letter, your responses to our application questions, background check forms, and your references); other personal records (e.g., signature, photograph, and criminal background information); and inferences drawn from personal information collected (e.g., creating a profile that reflects your abilities and aptitudes).
We collect the above categories of personal information for the following business purposes:
To perform recruitment and hiring services; to manage the workforce; to comply with federal and state laws, and to maintain security (e.g., to detect and prevent against security risks and incidents, to prevent against fraudulent or illegal activity, and to ensure compliance with our company policies and procedures).
For more information about our privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Policy or contact us at privacy@simplepractice.com

Powered by JazzHR",4.6,"SimplePractice
4.6","Santa Monica, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
201,Clinical Genetic Scientist,-1,"Experience and Qualifications: *
· Familiarity with and experience in molecular genetics testing methodologies.

· Familiarity with databases, tools, and resources commonly used in interpretation of genomic data.

· Excellent attention to detail; strong problem solving and decision making skills.

· Ability to work on multiple assignments concurrently within established timeframes.

· Must pay great attention to detail and communicate effectively.
Key Responsibilities: *
· Performs DNA extraction and a variety of high complexity testing, such as Quantitative PCR, OpenArray analysis, Fragment Analysis, and Next Generation Sequencing.

· Reviews and analyzes test results based on published and established data, provides interpretation of the results as required, releases the results

· Operates diagnostic analytical equipment to generate reliable and timely clinical laboratory results.

· Assists in methodology and instrument selection, tests and implements new panels and technical modifications, drafts SOPs and performs assay validation.

· Actively engages in the establishment of standards and methods of control for each laboratory test performed.
Qualifications: *
· DEGREE: Minimum: Bachelor’s Degree; prefer Master or Ph.D. degree with major in Human Genetics, Molecular Genetics, Molecular Biology or closely related field.

· EXPERIENCE: Minimum: at least 6 years of laboratory experience (academic or industry).

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Laboratory experience (academic or industry).: 6 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SMA Medical Laboratory,"Feasterville Trevose, PA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
202,Clinical Genetic Scientist,-1,"Experience and Qualifications: *
· Familiarity with and experience in molecular genetics testing methodologies.

· Familiarity with databases, tools, and resources commonly used in interpretation of genomic data.

· Excellent attention to detail; strong problem solving and decision making skills.

· Ability to work on multiple assignments concurrently within established timeframes.

· Must pay great attention to detail and communicate effectively.
Key Responsibilities: *
· Performs DNA extraction and a variety of high complexity testing, such as Quantitative PCR, OpenArray analysis, Fragment Analysis, and Next Generation Sequencing.

· Reviews and analyzes test results based on published and established data, provides interpretation of the results as required, releases the results

· Operates diagnostic analytical equipment to generate reliable and timely clinical laboratory results.

· Assists in methodology and instrument selection, tests and implements new panels and technical modifications, drafts SOPs and performs assay validation.

· Actively engages in the establishment of standards and methods of control for each laboratory test performed.
Qualifications: *
· DEGREE: Minimum: Bachelor’s Degree; prefer Master or Ph.D. degree with major in Human Genetics, Molecular Genetics, Molecular Biology or closely related field.

· EXPERIENCE: Minimum: at least 6 years of laboratory experience (academic or industry).

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Laboratory experience (academic or industry).: 6 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SMA Medical Laboratory,"Feasterville Trevose, PA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
203,Clinical Genetic Scientist,-1,"Experience and Qualifications: *
· Familiarity with and experience in molecular genetics testing methodologies.

· Familiarity with databases, tools, and resources commonly used in interpretation of genomic data.

· Excellent attention to detail; strong problem solving and decision making skills.

· Ability to work on multiple assignments concurrently within established timeframes.

· Must pay great attention to detail and communicate effectively.
Key Responsibilities: *
· Performs DNA extraction and a variety of high complexity testing, such as Quantitative PCR, OpenArray analysis, Fragment Analysis, and Next Generation Sequencing.

· Reviews and analyzes test results based on published and established data, provides interpretation of the results as required, releases the results

· Operates diagnostic analytical equipment to generate reliable and timely clinical laboratory results.

· Assists in methodology and instrument selection, tests and implements new panels and technical modifications, drafts SOPs and performs assay validation.

· Actively engages in the establishment of standards and methods of control for each laboratory test performed.
Qualifications: *
· DEGREE: Minimum: Bachelor’s Degree; prefer Master or Ph.D. degree with major in Human Genetics, Molecular Genetics, Molecular Biology or closely related field.

· EXPERIENCE: Minimum: at least 6 years of laboratory experience (academic or industry).

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Laboratory experience (academic or industry).: 6 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SMA Medical Laboratory,"Feasterville Trevose, PA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
204,Senior Data Scientist,"$101k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Klaviyo is looking for Senior Data Scientists to join our team which is still in its early days. You'll have a big impact on our direction and how we operate. You'll be central to upfront research and shipping products that help our customers learn and grow from their data.

The ideal candidate has a background in data science, statistics and machine learning and has done work ranging from exploratory analysis to training and deploying models. We use a wide variety of data mining and machine learning algorithms. The right candidate will have both a solid fundamental understanding and deep practical experience with at least a few modeling and machine learning techniques.

You should have experience building models that are used by people to make better decisions. We're focused on shipping early and often. We prefer iterative solutions that are incrementally better to the perfect solution.

How you will make a difference:


Analyze large data sets (we're collecting billions of individual actions every month).
Build models and ship products that enable businesses to grow faster and communicate with their customers.
Democratize and open up that technology to everyone (Our background as a team is building these models for the Fortune 50).
Match the right assumptions and models to the right problem.
Measure and know what impact your models had on the decisions people made -- e.g. did they outperform the previous best model or a human decision maker?

Who You Are:


Bachelor's or advanced degree in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or other relevant quantitative discipline, or equivalent industry experience.
Have worked in a data science role for 5+ years professionally or academically and can talk about your projects and the techniques you used.
Have a strong fundamental understanding and deep experience with at least a few machine learning algorithms (e.g. regressions, decision trees, k-means clustering, neural networks).
Understand Bayesian modeling techniques.
Are capable of analyzing data and making rigorous statements about what can or cannot be concluded.
Have experience designing and implementing model performance/validation assessments.
Have a background in statistics and understand different distributions and the conditions under which they're valid.
Know how code and have used data science tools and packages.
Have demonstrated a measurable impact based on the models you've created. It's not always easy getting a model correct and we love talking about places we got stuck and working as a team to think through ideas that could unblock us.
Have a desire to ship features powered by data science (in other words, you're excited by both upfront research and actually getting models into production at cloud scale).

Get to know Klaviyo

Klaviyo is the world's leading owned marketing platform known for accelerating revenue for online businesses using the channels they own like email, web, and mobile. Enabling companies to leverage these owned marketing channels, Klaviyo makes it easy to store, access, analyze and use transactional and behavioral data to power highly-targeted customer and prospect communications. And unlike other marketing platforms, Klaviyo doesn't force companies to compromise between advanced functionality or ease of use - so companies of all sizes are able to maximize their sales quickly. That's why over 50,000 innovative companies like Unilever, Custom Ink and Eventbrite sell more with Klaviyo.",4.9,"Klaviyo
4.9","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
205,Bioinformatics Scientist,-1,"Job Description: *
The successful candidate will develop bioinformatics pipelines and analysis software to support clinical assays. As part of this role the candidate will collaborate with staff from the clinical laboratory, research & development and IT/Engineering. Scientist will provide data analysis support for the R&D group during assay development. He/She will be called upon to analyze problems, and provide algorithmic solutions. Candidate will continually evaluate new open source and commercial bioinformatics software, to identify the best solutions for the lab. The bioinformatics scientist will collect user requirements and specifications from various groups. Candidate must have experience in good software documentation practices, included the process of developing documentation to execute installation qualifications, performance qualifications, and operational qualifications. This position will be responsible for training laboratory staff, and in maintaining the bioinformatics pipelines in the production environment. Candidate will stay apprised of relevant bioinformatics literature.
Requirements: *
Experience developing NGS analysis pipelines for a CLIA/CAP approved laboratory.
Software development in a Linux based environment and must be an expert user in shell programming.
Experience developing software for both the cloud (AWS) and for SGE high performance clusters.
Experience in a high-level programming or scripting language such as Python, Java, perl, C.
Experience interacting with LIMS system and integrating pipelines with LIMS systems.
Experience with various bioinformatics tools for variant calling and alignments.
Background in statistical analysis a plus.
Experience working in an Agile development environment.
Some experience performing wetlab work a plus.
Minimum PhD, MS + 2 years.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
License:
PhD (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://omecare.co/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible",-1,OmeCare,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
206,Bioinformatics Scientist,-1,"Job Description: *
The successful candidate will develop bioinformatics pipelines and analysis software to support clinical assays. As part of this role the candidate will collaborate with staff from the clinical laboratory, research & development and IT/Engineering. Scientist will provide data analysis support for the R&D group during assay development. He/She will be called upon to analyze problems, and provide algorithmic solutions. Candidate will continually evaluate new open source and commercial bioinformatics software, to identify the best solutions for the lab. The bioinformatics scientist will collect user requirements and specifications from various groups. Candidate must have experience in good software documentation practices, included the process of developing documentation to execute installation qualifications, performance qualifications, and operational qualifications. This position will be responsible for training laboratory staff, and in maintaining the bioinformatics pipelines in the production environment. Candidate will stay apprised of relevant bioinformatics literature.
Requirements: *
Experience developing NGS analysis pipelines for a CLIA/CAP approved laboratory.
Software development in a Linux based environment and must be an expert user in shell programming.
Experience developing software for both the cloud (AWS) and for SGE high performance clusters.
Experience in a high-level programming or scripting language such as Python, Java, perl, C.
Experience interacting with LIMS system and integrating pipelines with LIMS systems.
Experience with various bioinformatics tools for variant calling and alignments.
Background in statistical analysis a plus.
Experience working in an Agile development environment.
Some experience performing wetlab work a plus.
Minimum PhD, MS + 2 years.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
License:
PhD (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://omecare.co/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible",-1,OmeCare,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
207,Machine Learning Engineer,"$99k-$174k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Video & Image Understanding Group develops and applies cutting-edge computer vision and deep learning techniques to solve problems in object detection, recognition, localization & tracking; biometrics; 3D scene reconstruction; threat detection; vision-aided navigation; and situational awareness. Our projects integrate algorithmic research, software engineering, and application system development to produce innovative capabilities that address challenging national security problems. We actively collaborate with research engineers across STR, as well as with academic researchers and industry partners to develop practical and powerful computer vision solutions.

The Role:
Develop, implement and evaluate machine learning algorithms to detect, segment, classify and track objects in diverse imaging modalities.
Apply machine learning techniques to integrate information from multiple looks and multiple modalities to improve scene understanding capabilities.
Develop and apply transfer learning and domain adaptation techniques to solve scene understanding problems where limited measured training data is available.
Perform data analysis on experimental data and identify performance improvement strategies.
Transition machine learning algorithms to prototype and/or real-time systems demonstrations.
Who You Are:
BS, MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics or related technical discipline
Strong scientific software development skills
Independent analytical problem-solving skills
Experience in machine learning techniques, particularly deep learning
Motivated collaborator and excellent communicator to both technical and non-technical audiences
Some Other Relevant Skills You May Have:
Experience with Python and C/C++
Experience in developing and applying machine learning techniques to solving computer vision problems",4.2,"Systems & Technology Research
4.2","Woburn, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
208,Employee Benefits - Data Analyst,"$45k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Thank you for your interest in a position with Equitable.

• Support new bonus programs for Employee Benefits. Run quarterly and annual bonus programs in excel and create comp statements for brokers.

• Create SQL queries to support bonus programs and audit payments.
Work closely with the sales organization to support the manual set-up and maintenance of compensation arrangements.
• Ad hoc technology support and training for strategic partners with compensation access
• Conduct quality control on commission payments and audit compensation plans to ensure commissions and bonus payments are accurate
• Broker Commission inquiries related to invoice administration and reconciliation
• Data Validation and support testing of new commission features
• Special Projects for licensing and commissions as assigned by management
• Perform analysis on new broker and GA setup for commissions, new payment scale setup, new commission hierarchy setup and inforce management.
Minimum Qualifications:
• 2+ years experience with Data Analysis and quality control on compensation/commission payments.
• Relationship Management experience with demonstrated proficiency in responding to customer requests, problem solving and processing administrative transactions.
• Strong MS Excel skills (pivot tables, Vlookup)
• Strong SQL skills to run reports and create queries for commission programs.
• Strong and effective verbal, written and analytical skills
• Knowledge of Employee / Group Benefits products is required.

Preferred Qualifications:
• Ability to operate in a challenging and fast-paced team environment.
• Experience performing Employee Benefits Commissions.
About Equitable
We have been providing stability and reliability to our clients since 1859 to help them live their lives with confidence, to give them peace of mind, and enable them to realize their dreams for their loved ones and their legacy.
As an employer, Equitable is committed to creating an environment where everyone feels completely comfortable bringing their true selves to work every day. Equitable has been recognized and certified as a great place to work by the Great Place to Work Institute.
We provide our employees opportunities to move within our organization so they can grow their career and skills without ever having to leave Equitable. Almost 40% of our open jobs are filled with current employees.
In addition to competitive compensation and an outstanding benefits package including 401(k) and medical programs, we offer the opportunity for continued professional development in a congenial corporate environment.
Equitable is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to our employees, applicants and candidates based on individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity and expression, age, national origin, mental or physical disabilities, sexual orientation, veteran status, genetic information or any other class protected by federal, state and local laws.
NOTE: Equitable participates in the E-Verify program.
If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process or to perform the essential job functions of this position, please contact Human Resources at (212) 314-6368 or email us at TalentAcquisition@equitable.com.",3.7,"Equitable
3.7","Jersey City, NJ",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1859,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
209,Analytics Data Engineer,"$37k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description:

As an Analytics Data Engineer, you will build data structures and pipelines to enable a rapidly growing team of Data Scientists and Analysts. You will form part of the analytics engineering organization responsible for enabling innovation through data exploration. You will be at the forefront of this rapidly evolving field and working closely with other specialists in the data & analytics space (Data Analysts, Data Scientists, DataOps Engineers). Most importantly, you’ll be part of a team that forms the backbone of a fast-growing company at the forefront of an exciting, growing industry. This position is based in Draper, UT.

What You'll Do:

Work in a self-directed but not isolated manner. Take ownership of the technical work you and your team create.
Enable our data analysts and scientists to perform data exploration activities with as much autonomy as possible
Collaborate with business data partners to rapidly iterate on new metrics / datasets and promote the results into a governed Enterprise Data Warehouse
During the normal course of work, contribute tests that improve data quality in our Enterprise Data Warehouse
Proactively identify areas for operational improvement in the data delivery space and collaborate with the rest of the data engineering team to achieve those goals
Help team operate current data platform (on-prem SQL Server) while migrating to new data platform (Snowflake) using a new data transformation architecture
Leverage platform in order to turn data into usable assets

Minimum Experience & Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, etc.)
2+ years professional experience in data & analytics/software engineering or 1+ year professional experience and a graduate degree in relevant field
1+ year experience moving data between systems, ideally into an analytical system
Understands and can explain different data storage technologies at a high level, with in depth knowledge and experience in at least one technology (such as Hadoop, SQL Server, Cassandra, Snowflake, Azure Data Lake Gen2)
Solid knowledge of data modeling, SQL, and optimization techniques
Experience modeling data to be consumed in a BI technology (such as Power BI, Tableau, Excel, Looker, ThoughtSpot, SAP Business Objects)
Deployed production code in at least 1 programming or scripting language (such as Python, R, Java, C#, PowerShell, bash)
Understand modern data warehouse practices
Understanding of modern software development and engineering practices
Understands different levels of technical ability in business users (data analysts, data scientists, management) and can speak at those levels

Compensation, Perks & Benefits:

Competitive Compensation
Full Health Benefits; Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance + Paid Parental Leave
Company Matched 401k
Paid Time Off + Paid Holidays + Paid Volunteer Hours
Diversity Alliance Resource Groups
Employee Stock Purchase Program
Tuition Reimbursement
Charitable Gift Matching
Job required equipment and services

WHO WE ARE

Prog Leasing, is the largest and longest-tenured virtual lease-to-own provider in the United States. The Company’s mission is to provide simple and affordable purchase options for credit challenged consumers. Over the last 20+ years, Progressive Leasing’s alternative lease-purchase options have helped millions of customers with less than perfect credit acquire needed items with ease. Progressive partners with 30,000 retail stores, helping to drive increased revenue and improve customer satisfaction. Learn more at http://www.progleasing.com.

Progressive Leasing welcomes and encourages diversity in the workplace. We do not discriminate in any aspect of employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local employment discrimination laws where Progressive Leasing does business.",4.4,"Progressive Leasing
4.4","Draper, UT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
210,Aviation Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer,"$106k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems. Key Functions: The successful candidate will be part of a team conducting analyses of multiple, integrated sets of aviation, weather, and other related data to identify ways to improve predictive models, identify trends impacting operations, and apply machine learning techniques to solve complex problems. Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications: - Experience using tools such as Java, R, and Python to prepare and analyze time series data. - Coding, data modeling, simulation, and data visualization experience (e.g., Tableau). - Excellent statistical and mathematical skills. - Excellent written and verbal communications skills. - Experience with machine learning techniques and algorithm development. - Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn). - Knowledge of Hadoop (e.g., Pig, Spark) or another distributed computing system. - Past experience working in the aviation domain and with aviation data. Skill is desired, but not required. Minimum Qualifications: BS in Data Science, Machine Learning, or related field of study.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
211,Postdoctoral Scientist in Computational Immunology,"$20-$27 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Postdoctoral Scientist Positions in Computational Immunology *
Multiple postdoctoral positions funded by the NIH are available immediately at the Das Lab at the Battelle Center for Mathematical Medicine at The Research Institute at Nationwide Children’s Hospital (https://www.nationwidechildrens.org/find-a-doctor/profiles/jayajit-das) and the Ohio State University located at Columbus, Ohio, USA.

We are seeking outstanding candidates who are interested in applying computational/mathematical methods to solve cutting-edge problems in immunology and cancer immunotherapy. The fellows are expected to work closely with our experimental collaborators and analyze single cell mass cytometry(CyTOF) and RNA-seq data, confocal imaging data, and develop data-driven and mechanistic models. Highly motivated and career-oriented applicants with expertise in statistical physics, inference methods, optimization techniques, topological data analysis, agent based models, field theoretic methods, and evolutionary dynamics are particularly encouraged to apply. No previous background in immunology is required, however, the fellow is expected to be interested in learning the relevant immunology and communicate with our collaborators. The will have the opportunity to engage in the interdisciplinary activities at the Ohio State University, Nationwide Children’s Hospital, and the newly established Pelotonia Institute for Immuno-Oncology (https://cancer.osu.edu/for-cancer-researchers/research/research-institutes-and-centers/pelotonia-institute-for-immuno-oncology). The fellow is required to know to code in Python/R/C/C++. Applicants with a Ph.D degree in Physics/Chemical/Mechanical/Electrical Engineering/Applied Mathematics/Statistics/Computer Science are encouraged to apply. The positions are available initially for one year and can be potentially extended. More details about the lab can be found at, http://www.nationwidechildrens.org/jayajit-das. Recent publications from the group can be found at, https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=jayajit+das.

The position will have the option of working remotely within guidelines in place for COVID19 response at NCH and OSU.

Das lab has access to a state-of-the-art computer cluster over 800 INTEL processors. Resources at the Ohio State University campus and Ohio Supercomputer Center are also available. The position will be for one year and can be potentially renewed. Interested candidates should email a brief cover letter stating your interest in our lab, a short CV and names and contact information of three referees to Jayajit Das ( http://www.nationwidechildrens.org/jayajit-das ).

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Health insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
COVID-19 considerations:
The position will have the option of working remotely within guidelines in place for COVID19 response at NCH and OSU.

Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.8,"The Research Institute at the Nationwide Childrens Hospital
3.8","Columbus, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1892,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
212,Aviation Data Scientist & Machine Learning Engineer,"$106k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
213,SQL Data Analyst,"Employer Provided Salary:
$45k-$53k","Job Description
Company: Palm Beach Accountable Care Organization
Job Title: SQL Data Analyst
Department: Information Technology
Reports To: CIO
FLSA Status: Exempt
Prepared Date: 1/2/2020
DISCLAIMER:
Job descriptions are not meant to be all-inclusive and/or the job itself is subject to change. Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform ETL duties to move data from raw format for use by multiple departments
Apply knowledge of data, data structure and analytical tools to research or identify trends, expenditures, and utilization of healthcare providers/practices.
Respond to requests for data by determining user’s needs, collecting, organizing, and analyzing data, and providing accurate and complete reports and information.
Assist other analysts to perform financial analysis of facilities, practices, provider services, and utilization.
Work with other analysts to perform a variety of ad-hoc analysis and assessments or initiatives as requested.
Identify, develop and implement methods for improving reporting efficiency for department.
Perform checks and audits of various data sources to ensure data adheres to data governance and maintenance policies.
Maintain and apply knowledge of current trends, practices and developments in health care.
Educate and assist in problem solving to promote the implementation of the health care initiatives and research.
Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, procedures, and programs within technology field.
Contributes in the data integrity, governance, and data structure standards and policies.
Collects, compiles and analyzes data to measure and report on provider and program performance.
Must abide to all HIPAA, Confidentiality and Privacy laws.
Other duties as assigned within the scope of responsibilities and requirements of the job; not limited by this job description.
Supervisory Responsibilities:
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.
Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Analytical and advanced problem solving strategies.
Working knowledge of industry coding (revenue codes, ICD9/ICD10/ICD11 classifications, CPT codes)
of data, data objects, data structure, and industry standards.
Minimum level computer skills in a Microsoft Office environment: Advanced.
Strong skills in SQL, Microsoft Excel, or other comparable software tools.
Programming languages preferred, notably C#
Experience with ETL process management and data engineering
Strong internet research capabilities.
Bi- or Multi- lingual skills (written and verbal): A Plus.
High attention to detail
SQL Server / SSRS / Other Analytics Software
Report Writing
Problem Solving
Systems/Workflows/General IT
People Skills
Assertive / Reliable
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions.
Safety and Security - Uses equipment and materials properly.
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time.
Knowledge of legal and ethical consideration related to patient information.
Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience:
Required: Bachelor's degree in statistics, engineering, computer science and 1-3 years of experience in the field or in a related area.
Preferred: Master’s degree in a related area
Language Skills:
Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations to visitors, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Reasoning Ability:
Ability to think critically and objectively and unbiased. Quickly learn/adapt to healthcare industry standards, codes, data, and business practices.
Computer Skills:
MS Office Productivity Tools (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Internet, SQL & Data Objects, various report writing tools. Programming skills preferred in C# or other related languages.
Other Skills and Abilities:
High accuracy and extreme confidentiality a MUST. Highly detail-oriented and must possess a very high degree of organization.
Physical Demands:
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee will have a combination of standing, sitting, bending and reaching. May work at a computer monitors for prolonged periods. The employee may lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.",3.8,"Palm Beach ACO, LLC
3.8","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
214,Supply Chain Solution - Data Scientist,"$68k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*CURRENT EMPLOYEES :
Please click here to be redirected to the internal career site.
Job Description


The Supply Chain Solution – Data Scientist will be based in Austin, TX. In this role you will be responsible for creating reports using a variety of tools and methods.

We are looking for someone who demonstrates:
Intense collaboration
Passionate customer focus
Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
Relentless drive to win
Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do…
Use various analytical techniques including visualization, statistical methods, machine learning/AI to create scalable solutions for business problems
Translate Supply Chain business problems and questions into specific quantitative questions to be answered w/ available data using robust methodologies. In many cases, the data collection at scale will be part of the task and may involve co-work with software development team
Coordinate and perform testing on data quality and solutions
Analyze and extract relevant information from big data to help automate and optimize key processes
Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation
Research and implement novel machine learning and statistical approaches
Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings to stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information
Build scalable prototype analytics solutions
Work closely with software development/engineering teams to build model implementations and integrate successful models and algorithms in production systems at scale
Here is some of what you’ll need (required)…
Minimum 4 years’ experience with R
Demonstrated skill and experience of data analysis within open source scripting languages (e.g. R, Python)
Strong experience with SQL and working with relational databases (SQL Server, Teradata, MySQL etc.)
Strong demonstrated knowledge of applied statistical and machine learning methods
Experience with XML, JSON data formats, working with REST API’s, SVN/Git or other version control tools and techniques
Experience with Tableau in dashboard development, deployment and administration
Demonstrated ability to manage projects and implementation of solutions/applications
Effective written and oral communication skills, team player
Here are some nice to have’s…
Master’s degree in STEM field/Operations Research/Data Science/Supply Chain
Work experience in Supply Chain/Manufacturing
Be able to present quantitative results in the right context to various target audiences
Experience within the RStudio ecosystem (Shiny dashboards and applications, Plumber API’s, RStudio Connect)
Experience working with non-relational databases like MongoDB
Experience of deploying ML applications on platforms like Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google Cloud preferred
Demonstrated experience in business applications of distributed computing (e.g. MapReduce, HIVE, HADOOP)
Demonstrated capability in building scalable analytical solutions
Experience in ownership of solutions – life-cycle, roadmap, implementation, business value generation
Portfolio of data science projects on Github.com, RPubs.com etc.
Knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Demonstrated ability to communicate and influence executives and upper management
Here are a few examples of what you’ll get for the great work you provide…
Full range of medical benefits, dental, vision
Life Insurance
Matching 401K
PTO
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee discounts at local retailers
Job Category
Global Procurement & Supply Chain

Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accesibility@flextronics.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.

The information we collect:

We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy Notice.

If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:

Global Data Privacy Officer:

Email Address: chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com",3.8,"Flex
3.8","Austin, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
215,Machine Learning - Computer Scientist,"$109k-$186k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The Research & Development centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.

MITRE is seeking a Senior / Lead Computer Scientist to cultivate and lead highly skilled technical staff to apply machine learning / deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics. As our Computer Scientist you will promote and provide MITRE-unique value across multiple sponsors. Additionally, you will be expected to initiate and contribute to various research projects & efforts across MITRE and in collaboration with academia, industry and sponsors.

Responsibilities include:
Provide thought leadership and collaborate with academia, industry and MITRE Technical Centers, portfolio and program divisions in innovation and research initiatives related to machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics in combination with cybersecurity, data engineering and social science
Work with department leadership to develop and evolve an enduring, adaptive and forward-looking strategy and capability advancing the Department domain knowledge and capabilities that align with strategic/significant sponsor needs and challenges including but not limited to: Adversarial information scenarios, Defining, detecting and measuring information trust, bias/fairness in decision, models and algorithms, Biometric authentication, detecting biometric or identity fraud, anti-spoofing, Defining, detecting and measuring bias in datasets and information, Information security and privacy, Data generation, and Data impacting quality of decision
Contribute to the technical work program of one or more projects and provide technical guidance and quality products focused on successful sponsor outcomes, strong leadership and transition of research results to sponsor operations
Provide exemplary leadership, caring mentorship, and collaborative technical advice to staff related to Department domain knowledge or capabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Cybersecurity, Mathematics, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related field
5 + years applicable experience including machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to possess and maintain a DoD clearance
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Hands on work experience will include tools / packages such as: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, Theano, PyTorch, dlib, C/C++, Python, JSON, XML, SQL, NoSQL, DBMS, ETL
Outstanding presentation skills, both development & delivery, are required for both MITRE facing and Sponsor facing communications
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in related field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active US Government clearance are preferred
Proven experience with cybersecurity, data engineering, social science, mobile computing, computer networking, virtualization, cloud computing, and big data
MITRE’s workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. For more information please visit https://www.mitre.org/careers/working-at-mitre. U.S Citizenship is required for most positions.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
216,Clinical Lab Scientist l,"$19-$30 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB DESCRIPTION & *
COMPETENCY EVALUATION *
POSITION TITLE: *Clinical Laboratory Scientist *JOB CODE: *121
DEPARTMENT: *Clinical Laboratory (7060) *SALARY GRADE: *
REPORTS TO: *Department Manager, Clinical Laboratory *EXEMPT/NON: *Non-exempt
Position Summary: *
Under general supervision and medical direction, performs laboratory test procedures in a manner that provides accurate, timely, and meaningful results.

This position requires the full understanding and active participation in fulfilling the Mission of the Organization. It is expected that the employee will demonstrate behavior consistent with the Core Values. The employee shall support the
Organization’s strategic plan and the goals and direction of the Performance Improvement Plan (PIP).
General Accountabilities: *
_The following are essential job functions and accountabilities *_
_ *_*
Demonstrates an understanding of the District’s guest relations’ policies and programs by initiating and maintaining positive relations with patients, patient families, visitor, medical staff members and other employees of Oak Valley
Hospital District (OVHD), regardless of age, cultural or ethnic backgrounds.
Understands and adheres to hospital requirements for the assessment and provision of care which considers the personal, cultural, spiritual and/or ethnic beliefs of patients.
Assures that the rights of all patients are respected and maintained by allowing for privacy, confidentiality, and dignity in the provision of service.
Demonstrates the ability to follow the Standards of Behavior.
Maintains current professional licenses and/or certifications as and when required by state, regulatory agency, or hospital mandate.
Demonstrates knowledge of, and adheres to, all applicable professional regulatory practice acts, state/federal regulations and policies and procedures of OVHD, including JCAHO, Title XXII and requirements of other regulatory agencies, as applicable.
Identifies patients at risk for abuse and/or neglect, as well as associated signs and symptoms. Adheres to mandatory reporting requirements for healthcare professionals per Administrative Policy & Procedure.
Practices Universal Precautions while providing care and performing other hospital services.
Demonstrates the knowledge and skills to safely and appropriately fulfill job specific responsibilities related to safety, security, emergency preparedness, control of hazardous materials/waste, life safety, medical equipment and utility systems as outlined in the hospitals environment of care plan. Observes safety precautions to ensure a safe environment for patients, patient families and guests of all ages. Adheres to National Patient Safety Goals (NPSG).
Actively supports the organizations mission, vision, values and goals. Participates in activities within the organization that support performance improvement.
Meets current hospital standards as defined by the Oak Valley Hospital District Employee Handbook and the hospital’s
Administrative Policy and Procedure Manual.

Job Description
Laboratory Scientist
Meets the age specific clinical, interpersonal and interactive responsibilities, as outlined in the Human Resources
Policy and Procedure _“Age-Specific Interpersonal and Interactive Relationships”._
Meets the clinical competency requirements as outlined in the Department Specific Skills Checklist.
Meets State of California standards by completing an annual TB test during the established time frame, in accordance with OVHD established TB testing schedule.
Reviews the job description with the designated supervisor during the annual performance appraisal and recommends changes, as necessary.
Position Accountabilities: *
_The following are general job accountabilities *_
_ *_*
Demonstrates the skill to appropriately utilized multiple computer systems and L.I.S.
Demonstrates good communication skills to ensure continuity of care as it pertains to laboratory testing, including relaying information to supervisor, relaying information between shifts, relaying information to the Supervisor and relaying of information between shifts.
Acts as a resource for orientation and training of new employees. Disseminates accurate and complete information.
Judiciously uses supplies and suggests cost saving measures. Ensures appropriate use of inventory and its management.
Is courteous and professional with patients, coworkers and visitors.
_*_
_ *The following are unit-specific accountabilities *_
_ *_*
Read and follow all policies and procedures
Perform quality control on all test systems as required and document corrective action
Operate analyzer according to manufactures specifications and perform maintenance as required
Evaluate sample integrity and reject compromised specimen
Accurately enter test results and document read back
Assist in the work up of new test systems as directed by Medical Director
Communicate problems to supervisor or Medical Director as necessary
Oversee the duties of Lab Assistant I/II. Direct as necessary
Correlate Clinical Data
Phone all alert value results and document read back.
Position Qualifications: *
Minimum Education: *
BS/BA in chemical, physical, biological or laboratory science
Minimum Experience/Skills: *
One (1) year experience as a technologist in a laboratory is preferred

2
_The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. *_
_ *_*

Job Description
Laboratory Scientist

Able to perform basic mathematical calculations
Licenses/Certificates/Credentials: *
Current CA license as a Clinical Laboratory Scientist
Physical Demands: *
Prolonged, extensive or considerable standing/walking
Lifts, positions, pushes up to 50 pounds
Considerable reaching, stooping, bending, kneeling, crouching
Manual dexterity and mobility
Ability to move quickly
Vision Requirements: *
Ability to adjust vision sufficiently to perform duties
Working Conditions: *
Regularly exposed to the risk of contagious and blood borne diseases
Subject to varying and unpredictable situations
Exposure to unpleasant elements (accidents, injuries, illness)
Emergency and crisis situations
Subject to irregular hours
Increased stress due to multiple calls and inquiries
Occasional exposure to radiation hazards, radioactive substances and biohazard material

3
_The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. *_
_ *_*

Job Type: Part-time

Pay: $15.24 - $17.31 per hour

Work Remotely:
No",3.3,"OAK VALLEY HOSPITAL DISTRICT
3.3","Oakdale, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
217,Consumer Lending Data Analyst,"$44k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are searching for a Consumer Lending Data Analyst to research and analyze data in order to make strategic business recommendations. In this role, you will perform competitor research to enhance our product strategy and direction. Having 3 years' experience in a complex analyst role will help you succeed in this role. Additionally, having an understating of lending principals and risk metrics will help the candidate be successful.

Here's what you can expect from the job and what you need to be successful:

Job Duties:

In partnership with key stakeholders, analyze, test and launch new initiatives to increase productivity
Provide data driven insights and recommendations to various departments within the credit union
Perform key competitor research and analysis to better inform product strategy and direction
Creating advanced reports, dashboards and deep dive analyses that inform and drive the
credit union’s product and business strategy
Create and refine predictive models on product, marketing, and risk initiatives
Uncover actionable insights for increased product performance
Partnering with marketing, finance and digital teams to enable business and systems synergy

Essential Skills:

Minimum 3 years’ previous experience in a complex analyst role; financial institution strongly preferred
Minimum 3 years’ previous experience with data collection methodologies
Experience with relational databases, e.g., SQL, Alteryx, and Tableau will help you succeed in this role
Familiarity with coding languages, e.g., R, Python
Strong understanding of statistical overlays and models for predictive analytics
Ability to analyze data from a strategic point of view and contribute to and influence discussions that drive the business
Ability to use key performance metrics and data to provide insights and make strategic business recommendations
Proficiency to organize, analyze and interpret data to explain complex irregularities or trends
Form strong relationships with cross-functional teams where support, resources and synergy is needed
Basic understanding of lending principals and risk metrics
Project Management experience; familiarity with Six Sigma/DMAIC methodologies
Expert knowledge of Excel
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, other related fields of study or equivalent experience

Location: Hillsboro, OR 97124

First Tech is not currently offering Visa sponsorship for this position

FT123

#LI-EK

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.3,"First Tech Federal Credit Union
3.3","Hillsboro, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
218,Senior Data Analytics/Scientist,"$103k-$169k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Senior Data Analytics/Scientist to support the Chief Human Capital Office (CHCO) for an Intelligence Community (IC) program in Northern Virginia. An Active TS/SCI with polygraph security clearance is required to be considered for this position. The candidate will support Government staff in developing a broad range of written products in support of senior leadership and USG policymakers.

Primary Responsibilities

Provide expert and professional data scientists to implement effective and innovative solutions meshing disparate data types to discover insights and trends in human capital information. Perform work on a data science team to advance HCA across the IC. Centralize IC CHCO data collection and synthesis, including survey data, enabling strategic and predictive analytics to guide business decisions. Develop or utilize complex programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in data sets; lead statistical modeling, or other data-driven problem-solving analysis to address novel or abstract business operation questions; and incorporate insights and findings into a range of products.

Create detailed write-ups of processes used, logic applied, and methodologies used for creation, validation, analysis, and visualizations. Write- ups shall occur initially, within a week of when process is created, and updated in writing when changes occur.

Adapt freeware solutions such as R, and modular solutions for maximum flexibility. Provide an advanced capability for data analysis of human capital information from disparate data types, promoting visualization and storytelling to discover insights that help guide business decisions. Be forward leaning, exploring HCA solutions that benefit IC elements individually and collectively. Let the data tell the story including what is inconsistent or contradictory, and automate data cleansing as much as possible. Integrate data solutions and collection with IC Information Technology Enterprise to enhance connectivity with IC Elements.

Identify and customize, if necessary, Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) Information Technology (IT) tools for administration and data collection, or to leverage, support, and integrate the process with tools built for the IC and/or its component elements. Any tools developed shall be web-based and web-enabled, designed to maximize feedback effectiveness while protecting employee assessment information, and include both structured interview and web-based tools for gathering feedback.

Assist in the development and maintenance of financial procedural guidance, templates and data formats, for identifying IC-wide workforce numbers, to include government, military, and contractor support. Review, assess data, identify data deficiencies and recommend solutions for remediation. Support quantitative and analytic efforts for workforce planning, development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to the Congressional Budget Justification Book (CBJB) planning displays, and analytic support for budget management and planning. Assist with ad hoc data requests from Congress, IC elements or as required by IC CHCO.

Coordinate and facilitate community of practice and working group meetings, to include meeting logistics, agenda development and presenter coordination, day-of execution and facilitation, documentation and distribution of meeting minutes and presentations. Present or coordinate presentations on relevant topics as directed by IC CHCO.

Demonstrated experience in developing and applying quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large human capital data sets (such as the Human Capital Data Call, Foreign Language Data Call, FAIR act data, etc.) using statistical and graphical packages.

Applied knowledge in the mathematical sciences such as probability, statistics, predictive modeling, computational social sciences; computer programming such as but not limited to Python, R, SAS, SPSS; and COTS data visualization packages such as but not limited to Tableau. Experience with Oracle Database and Procedural language/Structured Query Language (PUSQL).

Demonstrated experience with structuring data, natural language processing, database technologies, and machine learning algorithms.

Ability to translate complex, technical, or analytic findings into an easily understood narrative- tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form.

Preferred Experience:

C#.NET, ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC), jQuery, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), etc.

Demonstrated expertise in supporting quantitative and analytical efforts and knowledge of workforce planning. Experience should include engagement with the Intelligence Community and expertise with using analytical software.

Demonstrated professional experience in developing quantitative financial analysis related to budget formulation and execution. Experience in development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to CBJB workforce displays and analytic support, resource management and planning.

Demonstrated experience in human resource management supporting the federal government.

Demonstrated experience in the use of programming, design, development, and implementation of on-line and automated survey instruments.

Years of Experience: 7 years of relevant experience in a related field (computer science, mathematics, statistics, etc.).

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's or advanced degree in social sciences or related fields. Related fields may include statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, or engineering.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance/ SCI Eligibility with a CI Polygraph. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems, Inc.
4.5","Bethesda, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
219,Data Scientist,-1,"WHAT WE DO MATTERS:

Here at The Knot Worldwide, we believe in doing work that matters. In 15 countries around the world, our leading family of brands (The Knot, WeddingWire, Bodas, GigMasters, The Bump, How They Asked, Lasting, and more) inspire, inform, and celebrate our communities as they move through life's milestones. From the proposal to creating a home, and starting a family together, we're there for every step of the journey. Our couples and business partners depend on us. They're all in. So are we.

ABOUT THE ROLE AND OUR TEAM:

The Knot Worldwide is in search of a full-time Data Scientist. Our Data Scientists work with stakeholders across all departments within the company. They answer strategic questions and provide insight to internal decision makers ranging from executives and senior management to product managers and team leads. They also work with our product team to develop data driven algorithms that improve features on the website.

This opening is for our Marketplace zone which connects over 2 million engaged couples with +50,000 local wedding vendors (e.g. Venue, DJ, Florist, etc.) across the US each year. This position plays an essential role in solving complex problems across our two-sided marketplace in areas such as pricing, product strategy, and go-to-market optimization.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create smarter product solutions for our couples and vendors
Answer strategic questions by analyzing behavioral data
Communicate, collaborate and present results to clients within The Knot Worldwide
Explore novel ways to look at our data
SUCCESSFUL DATA SCIENTIST CANDIDATES HAVE:
Master's Degree or Ph.D. preferred
Experience implementing auction based business models
Strong product experience
Proficiency in key statistical and machine learning techniques (predictive modeling, classification, clustering, text analytics, recommender systems , data mining methods, forecasting, and other advanced techniques)
Proficiency with R or Python
Familiarity with common Linux command line tasks and version control software like git or svn preferable
Ability to communicate effectively and influence others
Ability to work in a fast paced environment and shift gears quickly
At The Knot Worldwide, we believe you are more than a resume and invite you to go for it, take the leap of faith, and apply for this job if it sparks your passion to join TKWW and make a difference!

WHAT WE LOVE ABOUT YOU:
You Dream Big. You iterate and experiment to drive innovation.
You Love Our Users. You keep our global community at the center of everything you do.
You Respect All Voices. Inclusion strengthens us and powers your decisions.
You Hustle Every Day. You favor urgency and own your outcomes.
You Win Together. People are at the heart of our success and you play as a team.
WHAT YOU LOVE ABOUT US:

The Knot Worldwide offers a unique employee experience and we are deeply proud of our award-winning culture. From flexible vacation and generous parental leave benefits to promoting wellness and giving back to our community, we believe in happiness above all else—in and out of the office.

----

The Knot Worldwide provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, The Knot Worldwide complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. The Knot Worldwide expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.

--

This position is not eligible for sponsorship.

--

If you are a resident of California, by submitting your application, you acknowledge that you've read the California Privacy Notice.",3.7,"The Knot Worldwide
3.7",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
220,Senior Health Data Analyst I,"$74k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Health Data Analyst contributes to the overall success of the organization by developing analytic solutions that support activities related to health services utilization management, care coordination, quality improvement and population health. Through analyzing patient claims, member enrollment, and other data, the Senior Health Data Analyst participates in identifying progress, performance and opportunities for improvement on programs, quality of care, patient experience, and other metrics. The Senior Health Data Analyst requires a thorough understanding of healthcare data and workflows, combined with an extensive experience creating large data sets, conducting statistical data analysis (SAS), and using BI tools (Tableau).

Works closely with other members of the Health Analytics team, as well as the Financial Analytics and Data Warehouse teams to gather key data from various internal and external systems.
Creates data sets, extracts and synthesizes data; conducts and interprets quantitative analyses.
Prepares a variety of reports, including statistical analyses and dashboards that allow key stakeholders to make informed business decisions based on data.
Assists in design and development of data collection strategies, aggregation, analysis, and reporting to ensure data integrity and enhance information value.
Generates a quality work product, presentable for content and audience, in a timely manner while maintaining strong attention to detail.
Manages and prioritizes workload while meeting deliverables and expectations.
Works autonomously and collaboratively with report requestors, providing guidance to define report requirements and validate results.
Works collaboratively across departments to understand and meet analytic needs.
Researches and recommends areas for improvement of data quality and reporting.
Maintains in-depth knowledge of health plan operations, including claims processing, utilization management, quality improvement activities and pay for performance programs
Documents report processes/logic and actively engages in department’s documentation efforts to improve knowledge base of team.
SECONDARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Performs other assigned or needed activities required to assure success of the organization.
Participates in special projects as needed.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree with concentration in health informatics, health administration, public health, computing, epidemiology, statistics or related field, Master’s degree preferred. Minimum four (4) years of experience in data analysis and reporting.
Special Skills, Licenses and Certifications
Knowledge of major health plan operations: healthcare claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Excellent knowledge of data collection, analysis, statistics and data presentation with experience in data mining techniques and procedures. Experience using statistical packages for analyzing large data sets. Experience working with administrative data, ideally health care data. Understanding of health data formats including claims, lab and pharmacy. Knowledge of clinical coding systems (e.g., ICD9, ICD10, CPT). Proficiency in inferential and predictive statistical analysis. Proficiency in business software applications such as Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, SAS, and Tableau.
Performance Based Competencies
Must demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to clearly communicate complex information to diverse audiences. Ability to communicate data needs to various customers (internal and external) in order to compile and produce necessary reports. Excellent analytical, problem solving, investigative and research ability. Ability to work in a team environment, take and give direction, follow through with tasks and projects, compromise, negotiate and achieve consensus decisions, support consensus decisions, be flexible and adaptable to changes in assignments and the work environment, work independently, manage time efficiently and multi-task effectively. Ability to make decisions that require significant analysis and investigation with solutions requiring critical thinking. Ability to quickly acquire in-depth knowledge of various systems related to claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits at PHC. Ability to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner. Ability to interpret and understand technical requirements. Must be highly organized and proficient at multi-tasking. Must be willing and able to provide gracious assistance to users, providers, and other constituents of PHC.
Work Environment And Physical Demands
More than 50% of work time is spent at a video display terminal. May be required to bend, stoop, kneel, crawl, or work in other non-standing and non-sitting positions to install cabling, systems hardware, and other related equipment.
All HealthPlan employees are expected to:
Provide the highest possible level of service to clients;
Promote teamwork and cooperative effort among employees;
Maintain safe practices; and
Abide by the HealthPlan’s policies and procedures, as they may from time to time be updated.
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER NOTICE
The job duties, elements, responsibilities, skills, functions, experience, educational factors and the requirements and conditions listed in this job description are representative only and not exhaustive or definitive of the tasks that an employee may be required to perform. The employer reserves the right to revise this job description at any time and to require employees to perform other tasks as circumstances or conditions of its business, competitive considerations, or work environment change.",3.5,"Partnership HealthPlan of California
3.5","Fairfield, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
221,"Associate Director, Oncology R&D – Clinical Scientist","$51-$89 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join a Legacy of Innovation 110 Years and Counting!

Daiichi Sankyo Group is dedicated to the creation and supply of innovative pharmaceutical therapies to improve standards of care and address diversified, unmet medical needs of people globally by leveraging our world-class science and technology. With more than 100 years of scientific expertise and a presence in more than 20 countries, Daiichi Sankyo and its 15,000 employees around the world draw upon a rich legacy of innovation and a robust pipeline of promising new medicines to help people. In addition to a strong portfolio of medicines for cardiovascular diseases, under the Group’s 2025 Vision to become a “Global Pharma Innovator with Competitive Advantage in Oncology,” Daiichi Sankyo is primarily focused on providing novel therapies in oncology, as well as other research areas centered around rare diseases and immune disorders.

Job Summary:

Oversees typically a single non-pivotal trial (small size, standard complexity in design and geographic scope). Prepares clinical section of regulatory document. Collaborates as team member with AROs/CROs. Drafts development plans, protocol profiles, and sections of submission documents under guidance of higher level. Reviews and oversee completion of clinical trial protocols. Provides medical and/or scientific direction to Clinical Operations. Represents Clinical Development on Project Teams.

Responsibilities:

Study Strategy: Provides the strategic direction to Biostats Data Mgmt & Data Ops for EDC, edit checks, data quality listings, SAP, Data Mgmt plan; Reviews patient population and protocol compliance for consistency with study strategy; Develops biomarker strategy in collaboration with Translational Medicine/Clin Pharm; May act as Clinical study leader (CSL).

Study Planning and Execution: Provides input on major milestones of trial, clinical trial plan and contingency planning; Analyzes and updates management on potential risks to study deliverables; Provides input on ICF creation; Oversees recruitment and retention; establishes and implements contingency plans for shortfalls; Consults & recruits members for DSMB and/or adjudication committee setup.

Study outputs: Draft responses to IRBs and Health Authorities; Collaborates with Translational Medicine and Clinical Pharmacology to ensure appropriate biomarker, PK / PD measurements; Reviews emerging clinical data regularly; Leads dose-escalation meetings; Performs quality assessment with Delivery Lead e.g. review Tables/Listings/Graphs before database lock and quality check of data; Works with BD&O to ensure SAP update.

External collaboration: Consults with internal experts and external KOLs, Ad Boards for protocol development; Provides input on CRO / ARO Statement of Work and Budget; Establishes effective communication between CRO / vendors / ARO.

Additional non-study related activities: Occasional senior management interactions at FIHC, WDC; Initiates contact w/KOL and prepares material for KOL interactions on a program based need; Involvement with in-licensing and acquisitions on individual due diligence activities

Qualifications: Successful candidates will be able to meet the qualifications below with or without a reasonable accommodation.

Education/Experience:

Master’s degree; PharmD, PhD, or equivalent; Postgraduate training in TA or related specialty, or equivalent, desirable

4+ years with PharmD, PhD and relevant clinical experience
7+ years with Master’s degree and relevant clinical experience

Daiichi Sankyo, Inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.1,"Daiichi Sankyo, Inc.
3.1","Basking Ridge, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,1899,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
222,Data Scientist,"$75k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist – Mid level (Support Insights and/or Production Systems)*
The ideal candidate is adept at using small, medium, and large sets of data to find opportunities for product and process optimization, and in using statistical tests and models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining and statistical analysis methods, defining models, and implementing both proof of concept and production statistical/analytical pipelines, using/creating algorithms, and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be highly collaborative and comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in small and medium data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

· Provide consultation and oversight in the optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies by proposing and defining solutions and implementation roadmaps for statistical pipelines, including data collection, model specification, algorithm configuration, system configuration and tuning requirements, fitting, forecasting, prediction, and reporting components that address customer business problems.

· Define and implement project roadmaps for exploratory data analysis, data mining, data collection, preprocessing and business analyses.

· Propose new statistical models and data science solutions that are grounded in the business space

· Prepare and present information using data visualization techniques

· Implement, model, and oversee best practices, including repeatable and reproducible analytic workflows and SDLC practices

· Design experimental and innovative features/signals that might improve a statistical pipeline

· 7+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a PhD (preferred) or Master’s in Statistics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Mathematics, or other quantitative field.

· Able to self-learn new techniques from textbooks and research papers

· Competency with one or more computational languages (e.g. R, S-Plus, SAS, SPSS, JMP, or Python) and SQL

· Demonstrated aptitude for computer programming and SDLC

Out of scope: Video, image, text
hcl\_ers *
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Relocation Assistance
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
manipulating data sets and building statistical models: 7 years (Required)
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.5,"HCL America Inc
3.5","Redmond, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,1991,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
223,Senior Data Scientist,"$72k-$122k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.

The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Develop innovative forecasts, models, algorithms, and solutions and build prototypes and production implementations
Dig deep into high volumes of data, engineer features for improved forecast performance
Work cross-functionally to gather feedback and requirements from end users
Be a key contributor to product innovation and company strategy
Communicate technical information clearly to both technical and non-technical people
Required Qualifications
Degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or related field; MS/PhD preferred
3+ years of relevant experience
Strong analytical, statistical, and math abilities; Exceptional problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
#LI-KR1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Baltimore, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
224,Data Science Software Engineer,"$36k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Schneider organization is seeking an experienced Data Science Software Engineer to be responsible for the creation of tools and applications that enable complex Advanced Analytics solutions within the enterprise. You will create conceptual prototypes to test new concepts, develop advanced analytics systems to solve challenging business problems, and deploy these tools and systems into the business and monitor their effectiveness and usefulness. You will also research the use of purchased and open-source technologies and concepts that support the creation of tools and systems for use by technical and non-technical users.

About the role:
Provide expert technical guidance in project working groups. Will frequently be asked to lead technical project discussions.
Gather requirements, design, develop, test, implement, and support applications developed across various development environments and in various languages.
Work with the Engineering team to develop and apply heuristics and mathematical concepts, such as natural language processing (NLP), simulation, optimization, machine learning, and statistical models to business problems. Develops state-of-the-art advanced analytics solutions for complex business problems.
Create prototype applications for complex solutions to implement approved concepts, actively guides and monitors the prototype when deployed to key users, transitions the prototype into a production system and provides production-support after implementation.
Follow appropriate development methodologies while developing applications.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Our ideal candidate will have:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field, plus a minimum of 5 years of IT work experience in systems analysis, designing, programming, system admin, implementation and maintenance of applications within an application domain; or the equivalent.
Advanced knowledge of advanced analytics software technologies, technical design, programming, monitoring, and troubleshooting enabling software related technologies. Knowledgeable of advanced analytics strategies, architectural standards and best practices.
Two or more years of experience with two or more programming languages from the following list required: Java, Python, JavaScript, C++, Ruby, C#, Objective-C or R.
Advanced experience with Python or Java specifically.
Experience with any data science tools such as R, SAS, or SPSS a plus. Experience with the HDFS/YARN/Spark and related tools a plus.
Experience with mathematical modeling languages (DOcplex/CPLEX, Matlab, GAMS) a plus.
Experience developing applications in a Linux server environment preferred.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.

Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com/.
Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
225,Environmental Project Scientist - Level II,-1,"Ransom Consulting is seeking an experienced *Environmental Project Scientist (Level II) *to join our team of environmental scientists and engineers. The Project Scientist will bring their strong knowledge of environmental and geological principles to assess and oversee complex environmental contamination scenarios.

Responsibilities will include:
Oversees site drilling and sampling including site preparation, determination of well and boring placement, and coordination and providing direction to subcontractors on site (drillers, excavators, etc.) to ensure that work is completed timely and according to Scope of Work (SOW) and applicable regulations. Uses experience and judgment to make decisions on increasingly complex technical issues related to the project.
Conducts site reconnaissance to identify contaminants and other environmental risks as well as collecting and compiling documents to support of due diligence reports.
Develops and presents findings and recommendations using approved templates and formats (e.g. tables, project logs, site data) and in accordance with the QA/QC process. Prepares all letters and reports for the project ensuring accuracy, formatting consistency, etc. and presents to the Sr. Project Manager for final review/approval before presentation to client.
Provides peer review of reports/letters, etc. within technical capability and expertise.
Provides training to staff on appropriate field work procedures and equipment operation, as well as documentation and analysis of findings.
Follows designated procedures for sampling and data collection to ensure thorough analysis and presentation of site risk.
Follows all health and safety protocols.
Successful candidates will have:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in environmentally oriented field (geology, environmental science, hydrology, engineering, etc.). Master’s degree preferred.
3-6 years of experience in a scientist/engineering role.
Understanding of environmental and geologic principles relative to environmental contamination and remediation.
Extensive knowledge of federal, state and local environmental regulations. Ability to research and develop understanding and application of new regulations or regulations in a new technical area.
Skilled with field sampling equipment operation and application; field screening procedures, sample collection procedures and subsurface investigation methods.
Ability to train staff on equipment, procedures, and SOPs.
Ability to confidently lead staff and contractors on multiple, complex site events to successful completion.
Ability to collect and interpret data, draw preliminary conclusions, and make recommendations based on understanding of project and client requirements.
Strong writing skills and the ability to present complex technical information in audience appropriate language and format.
Strong interpersonal skills to work effectively with co-workers, clients, sub-contractors, vendors to meet project objectives.
Physical Requirements and Work Conditions
The position includes field and office work (app. 60/40). For field work, employees must be able to stand, walk, and use arms and hands to operate equipment. Employee must be able to work in a variety of temperatures and weather conditions (cold, heat, rain, snow) and lift standard field equipment and supplies of up to 50 pounds alone or collaboratively.
The employee is required to drive to job sites and must have the ability to travel on short notice as well as the ability to travel to locations that may be 2-3 hours from the home office on a regular basis. There may be occasional overnight travel.
A valid driver’s license and reliable transportation is required. (A driver’s license check will be conducted upon hire and annually thereafter).
Noise protection and other PPE, including protective clothing or respirator, may be required on job sites.
Employee must maintain OSHA HAZWOPER certification and participate in the Medical Monitoring program.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
Ransom has implemented full infection control and response plans for our offices and for when employees do field work that reflect CDC guidance.

Experience:
environmental science: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
Driver's License (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
If you do not currently live within commuting distance of Providence, please describe your relocation plans.
Company's website:
www.ransomenv.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Ransom Consulting Engineers and Scientists,"Providence, RI",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
226,Data Scientist,"$72k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The MITRE Corporation has a new opportunity for an innovative data scientist with health or health-related experience. You will be challenged to creatively apply data science (e.g., data analysis and data visualization) to a variety of projects in support of the Department of Health & Human Services. The ideal candidate will bring additional skills or expertise to this position, including experience in issues surrounding data analysis: ethics, privacy, bias, interoperability, and social determinants of health.

Key functions:
Perform as a subject matter expert and at times lead small teams or tasks focused on defining, analyzing, modeling, measuring, predicting, and visualizing health and health systems scenarios and outcomes.
Evaluate, develop, and employ expertise in data science, health and healthcare, and industry best practices.
Apply specialized expertise in mathematics, science/clinical research, ethics, policy, privacy/security, cybersecurity, or other health and healthcare-related subject matter areas to projects and tasks.
Apply creative and strategic thinking to identify problems, solutions, and potential alternative approaches and outcomes to current practices and standards.
Leverage data modeling, simulation, or visualization as needed.
Design/web design experience welcomed, including an ability to produce mock-ups in a tool such as Sketch, AI, XD, Affinity Design.
Maintain and develop deep knowledge of health and healthcare systems.
Requirements:
Master’s degree in science, computer science, engineering, and/or a health-related field, with 2+ years of relevant work experience. A Bachelor’s degree coupled with substantial experience may be acceptable.
Hands on technical expertise in statistical computing and data analytic programming and/or scripting in Python and Python libraries required; R, SQL, data visualization tools (Tableau, Jupyter, etc.) a plus.
Solid understanding of the healthcare industry, including government and private healthcare organizations; knowledge of the data systems and formats used in federal health systems a plus.
A strong track record of successfully delivering on deadlines.
Exceptional organizational skills and meticulous attention to detail.
Self-starter with excellent written and oral communication skills required.
Ability to work out of MITRE’s Bedford MA, Baltimore MD or McLean VA campuses is preferred. Professionals who can successfully collaborate via teleworking will be most welcome to apply.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
227,"Data Scientist, Cloud Business Operations","$111k-$176k
(Glassdoor Est.)","53303

About NetApp

NetApp provides software, systems, and services to manage, store and share data via on-premises, and private and public clouds to customers worldwide. NetApp is emerging as a leader in providing public cloud services on all major cloud platforms, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft , and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). These cloud services, such as Cloud Volumes; Cloud Insights, Virtual Desktop Service, Global File Cache, SaaS backup, and Spot, avails customers to consider many more options on how and where to manage their critical workloads and data for optimal business and financial outcomes. The NetApp Public Cloud Services business unit is at the forefront of our effort to transform NetApp into a leader in the cloud market.
Job Summary
About the Position

This Cloud Business Operations Data Scientist will be the primary go to person for all of NetApp Public Cloud Services needs for analyzing tons of cloud services usage and billing data to derive intelligent business insights for enabling NetApp’s highest growth business. This person will be an expert in both understanding the data, as well as architecting and developing business logic and code to deliver automation in business intelligence. This is a highly technical role with deep understanding of Azure programming, R, SQL databases, visualization on Tableau, and scripting, along with years of experience in cloud services business operations. Knowledge of public cloud-based transactions on the top 3 cloud provider marketplaces (AWS, Azure and GCP) is a must, along with experience and understanding of integrations with internal systems for CRM, CPQ, Subscriptions Billing and Finance.

This role will coordinate with product management, IT and operations, and other NetApp functions including sales, marketing, and finance to understand, analyze and improve product pricing, SKU design, and transaction processing of our existing cloud offerings and upcoming innovations. This role will also act as the primary operations liaison between product management teams and business operations. The right person for this role has deep understanding of public cloud marketplace transaction processing, billing, metering, and revenue/usage reporting. This person also has extensive experience in dealing with cross-functional business requirements and engaging with key stakeholders at both the executive/VP level and with delivery teams.
Job Requirements
Key Responsibilities
Analyze usage and billing data from multiple sources to derive business intelligence
Develop business logic and write code to automate BI output
Design and develop visualization dashboards in Tableau
Understand public cloud marketplace transaction processes and provide guidance to business operations teams on implementation best practices
Leverage business insights to provide guidance to product management for pricing and transaction processing design
Skills and Qualifications
10+ years of experience working with various cloud providers, software vendors and/or consulting organizations
5+ years of experience in data analysis and business insights
5+ years of experience in Azure programming, R, SQL databases and Tableau
Understanding of enterprise cloud solutions and related technical offerings
Collaborative personality; comfortable working across many functions and teams, and engaging with senior executives
A creative go-getter who is full of ideas and can execute on those ideas in a fast-paced, demanding environment with excellent interpersonal and social skills
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.
Travel Required

20% (includes domestic and int.)
Education
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.

Nearest Major Market: San Jose
Nearest Secondary Market: Palo Alto
Job Segment:
Operations Manager, Scientific, Database, Cloud, Operations, Engineering, Technology

Apply now »",3.7,"NetApp
3.7","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1992,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
228,Application Systems - ETL Data Scientist,-1,"Description:
Formulates and defines system scope and objectives bases on user needs.
Devises or modify procedures to resolve complex problems taking into consideration computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time and form desired results.
Research and fact finding to develop and/or modify complex integration of applications and solutions across the enterprise (corporation).
Prepares detailed specifications from which programs will be written.
Designs, codes, tests, debugs, documents and maintains those programs.
Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of application systems analysis/programming activities.
Demonstrate expertise in a variety of the fields concepts, practices, and procedures.
Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Performs a variety of complex tasks. A certain degree of creativity and latitude is required.
May guide various groups on application systems activities.
Work under general directions; typically reports to a team lead or supervisor/manager.
Requirements:

Requires a Bachelor's degree in a related area (Data Science, Computer Science, Business) with 3-8 years of experience in the following capacities:
• Required Coding Languages SQL & KNIME.
• Preferred Coding Languages: R, Python
• Preferred knowledge of SAP & ARIBA Table Structure
• Requires Development in BI Tools: Qlik Sense, Tableau, or SAP Analytic Cloud
• Must have strong analytical and problem-solving skills as it relates to learning a business process and researching correct data sources in a complex schema.
• Must have a proven track record in applied project management methodologies, with preferred training in the agile method.
• Required to have strong communication skills both verbally and in writing, as well as a demonstrated ability to work on a team.
Highly Preferred
• Demonstrated ability to extract, transform, and load (ETL) data into a business intelligence (BI) tool for the business to consume. Required to perform the ETL, data testing & validation activities, as well as to troubleshoot data issues.
• Have experience in building visualizations within a BI tool to solve business problems.
• Experience in predictive analytic tools and methodology.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SAP & ARIBA Table Structure: 1 year (Required)
SQL & KNIME: 2 years (Required)
R, Python: 2 years (Required)
BI Tools: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)",2.7,"TTi Global
2.7","Auburn Hills, MI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1976,Company - Public,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
229,Lead Software Data Engineer - Full Stack,"$93k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Discover. A brighter future.

With Discover, you’ll have the chance to make a difference at one of the world’s leading digital banking and payments companies. From Day 1, you’ll do meaningful work you’re passionate about, with the support and resources you need for success. We value what makes each employee unique and provide a collaborative, team-based culture that gives everyone an opportunity to shine. Be the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future, while building the future you want, here at Discover.

Job Description

Develops and maintains full stack solutions to fit business needs. Full stack solutions require one or more of the following: front-end (user interfaces), back-end (APIs), database and DevOps development. Works directly with business partners to understand business requirements. Works independently or with own team to innovate on and advocate for best practices within the team. Designs complex solutions and leads them from inception to production within the agile team.

Responsible for working with data asset-related technology that has been approved by the architecture organization to move, transform, and validate data between systems, both internal to Discover Financial Services and with external data sources that provide value to Discover Financial Services. Responsible for writing extract, transform, and load (ETL) scripts, data maps, or integration programs to capture data from source systems and to transform it and load it into a destination system to enable data mining, business intelligence (BI) capabilities for the organization. Translates business functional detailed design requirements into technical solutions through the design, development, integration, and testing (unit and system) of ETL solutions.

The Lead position also participates in data solution design, strategy, including resolving strategic data integration issues, such as data quality and stewardship, real time or event-based data integration, and crafting a vision for data integration working with the architecture organization. The Lead position leads the technical design, development, integration, and testing efforts for ETL to create quality solutions that meet the business requirements. Other responsibilities include: mentoring other Data Engineers, preparing detailed and creating technical design plans.

What You’ll Do

Develops and maintains complex front-ends with a focus on user experience
Develops and maintains backend systems
Works with key stakeholders to design complex solutions and lead from inception top production
Creates and maintains DevOps processes, application infrastructure, and utilizes cloud services (including database systems and models)
Innovates on and advocates for best practices and improved team processes; mentors junior team members
Supports live systems to ensure business continuity
Lead data technology strategy, including resolving strategic data integration issues, such as data quality and stewardship, real time, event-based data integration, and crafting a universal vision for data integration, plan and document succession planning within scope of responsibility
Design, develop, test, and implement data-driven solutions to meet business requirements
Perform the technical design, development, integration, and testing efforts for data using various development languages and tools to create quality solutions that meet the business requirements
Lead code review sessions & create technical design plans/STTs
Optimize the performance of ETL processes and scripts by working with other technical staff as needed and document data solution and processes

Qualifications You’ll Need

Skills Required

Bachelor’s degree in information technology
6+ years of experience in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related experience
In lieu of degree, 8+ years of experience in computer science, information technology or related field

Skills Desired

6 or more years of work experience in BI lifecycle, from strategy to ETL to report implementation
Experience in an Agile-based environment
Big Data stacks/ecosystem including Kafka, Python, Spark, NoSQL
Expertise in the concepts, technology, and practices of building data solutions
Expertise with open-source, ETL scripting and processes and related tools
Expertise with the design and development of ETL data integration solutions
Expertise with relational databases and experience with Cloud-based technologies
Expertise in enabling business intelligence solutions through data integration
Demonstrated experience with integration technologies and how to leverage them into data mapping between systems
Demonstrated experience with transforming business needs into data design and solutions
Extensive experience with writing and performance-tuning complex SQL queries
Experience in agile process and technology
Experience with Ab Initio or other ETL tools and components
Experience with the following database and Cloud-based technologies:
Snowflake
Teradata technologies or similar
Python, Spark
Knowledge with AWS, Snowflake and other Cloud-related technologies is a plus
Strong team player with willingness to collaborate
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Strong capability to execute tasks with quality
Strong communication and decision-making skills #LI-BG1

What are you waiting for? Apply today!

The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.",3.8,"Discover
3.8","Riverwoods, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
230,Supply Chain Data Analytics Manager,"$28k-$61k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Your Opportunity:

Smithfield Foods is a $15 billion global food company and the world's largest pork processor and hog producer. In the United States, the company is also the leader in numerous packaged meats categories with popular brands including Smithfield, Eckrich ®, Nathan's Famous ®, Farmland ®, Armour ®, Farmer John ®, Kretschmar ®, John Morrell ®, Cook's ®, Gwaltney ®, Carando ®, Margherita ®, Curly's ®, Healthy Ones ®, Morliny ®, Krakus ® and Berlinki ®. Smithfield Foods is committed to providing good food in a responsible way and maintains robust animal care, community involvement, employee safety, environmental and food safety and quality programs.

As a Manager in the Supply Chain Data Analytics department at Smithfield Foods you will be responsible for maintaining, improving, and building new reporting capabilities for the business. You will provide support for a business tower by streamlining reporting and building new capabilities. You will develop a deep understanding of operational processes and needs, then use technology to deliver impactful reporting solutions. You will work with teams in various functional areas of the business and will implement process improvements to streamline the efficiency and accuracy of the reporting process. You will be responsible to deliver daily/weekly/monthly reports accurately and on time. You will also be involved in Ad-hoc analysis of large datasets to quickly provide insight into the business.

Core Responsibilities:
Conduct meetings with leadership to standardize and improve reporting capabilities
Lead team of analysts to deliver results
Oversee the delivery of reports Daily/Weekly/Monthly accurately and on time
Build Reports and Dashboards in Microsoft Power BI, Analysis for Office, Bex, and other reporting tools
Build automated Processes using scripting tools
Hold training sessions on how to use the various tools and reports created by the department
Generate load files for various systems, maintaining system accuracy
Communicate effectively with report stake holders to ensure strong understanding of the methodology behind all calculations
Perform adhoc analysis using data from various systems and explain results of analysis to all levels of management
Create SOPs and documentation for processes

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. May perform other duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals to perform the essential functions.

Bachelor’s Degree from a regionally accredited four-year college or university and 5+ years of relevant experience, required.
Minimum of 2+ years’ experience in a position of leadership to include team development and management, required.
Experience in a manufacturing and/or logistics business environment, required.
Proficient with Power BI, Power Pivot, SAP, SAP Analysis for Office, BPC, Bex Query Designer.
Proficient in Data analysis in Python using Pandas/Numpy/Jupyter Notebooks or equivalent technologies.
Proficient in analyzing data within relational database systems such as MS Access, MS SQL Server, and MySQL.
Experience with ETL Tools such as Alteryx, Paxata, DataGuru or equivalent technologies.
Ability to quickly learn new technology and business logic.
Superior analytical and problem-solving skills with superb attention to detail.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to work independently in a fast-paced and rapidly changing and ambiguous environment.
Understanding of Windows environment command line tools, .BAT files, and Task Scheduler.
Strong leadership and management skills, including driving operational excellence, and striving for continuous improvement.
Ability to provide clear direction to employees.
Ability to translate business requirements into an action plan to deliver reporting solutions.
Has the creativity to go beyond current tools to investigate and deliver best solution to the problem.
Has a passion for working with data and finding solutions to problems using technology.
Ability to work well with others in fast paced, dynamic environment.
Ability to be respectful, approachable and team oriented while building strong working relationships and a positive work environment.
Supervisory Responsibilities:
Responsible for the overall direction, coordination, and evaluation for the Supply Chain Data Analytics team.
Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws.
Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.
EEO/AA Information:

Smithfield, is an equal opportunity employer committed to workplace diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, gender identity, protected veterans status or status as a disabled individual or any other protected group status or non-job related characteristic as directed by law.

Careers and Benefits:

To learn more about Smithfield’s benefits, visit smithfieldfoods.com/careerbenefits",3.2,"Smithfield Foods
3.2","Smithfield, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
231,Aviation AI/ML Data Scientist,"$109k-$186k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system. The candidate will be responsible for working both individually and with a team of data scientists in the following tasks:
Performing anomaly detection and capability development using a variety of aviation safety data
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Demonstrable aerospace/aviation knowledge or experience, this is a must
Bachelor’s Degree in Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions
Excellent Communication Skills (with the ability to explain tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team
Preferred Qualifications:
5 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Mxnet, etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Azure, Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, D3, etc).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization, search (e.g. ELK Stack), entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintaining good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
232,Business Analytics Manager,"$87k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Analytics Manager
Milwaukee Branch
12355 Uline Way, Kenosha, WI 53144

Customer Service is the heartbeat of our company. We depend on our Call Center employees to serve our customers and fulfill our promise of reliability.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Manage the Customer Service analytics team, listening to recommendations and taking measures to maximize team effectiveness.
Provide leadership, training and coaching.
Evaluate business processes, developing and implementing solutions for improvements.
Create performance and success reports.
Build and maintain relationships with branch leadership to drive performance.
Act as a liaison between business and IT groups.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor’s degree.
5+ years experience in business analysis.
Experience leading and developing top-performing teams.
Experience in call center, warehouse, or supply chain environment.
Knowledge of data design, ETL process, data warehousing and SQL.

Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.

Employee Perks
On-site café and outdoor patio.
First-class fitness center.
Beautifully maintained walking trails.
Free chair massages.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Opportunities for community involvement.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Pleasant Prairie, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
233,Data Scientist active TS/SCI,"$83k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are currently seeking an innovative, experienced, and highly-skilled Data Scientist to join our growing Advanced Analytics team in Ft. Belvoir, VA. In this role, you will create and develop custom solutions for our users in a collaborative, fast-paced, state-of-the art environment. To be successful in this role, you will be thorough, creative, and exceptionally well-skilled in all phases of the development lifecycle, with a passion for continued learning and collaboration.
*This position is located in Ft. Belvoir, VA and requires an active TS/SCI clearance*

The Data Scientist will:
Demonstrate the ability to frame and scale data problems to analyze, visualize, and find data solutions.
Manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON.
Transform data and analysis into informative visualizations and interactive dashboards using open-source and commercially available tools.
Derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to client research questions.
Establish data science pipelines.
Develop, train, test, deploy, and sustain AI and machine learning models.
Leverage data patterns and other development methods to optimize code and reduce computational cost.
Develop front-end interfaces to facilitate usage of developed AI/ML solutions
Work in a fast-paced, solutions-oriented environment focused on client deliverables, analysis, and reporting.

Active TS/SCI clearance
Bachelor’s degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, or a related business or quantitative discipline strongly preferred. Master's degree in these disciplines preferred.
Experience working with Scala, Python, Java
5-10+ years of related experience required
Advanced data science experience required
Significant experience with databases
Experience and familiarity with Agile-Scrum software development
Experience gathering and decomposing requirements
Proven record of solution development and deployment
Familiarity with web based application development
Experience with testing, use case, and user stories
Outstanding communication skills, written and verbal
Highly-organized and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Team-player mentality with a positive attitude
Keen attention to detail and solid analytical skills
Able to articulate complex, abstract concepts concisely and effectively
#LI-SH1

LMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer-all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.2,"LMI
4.2","Fort Belvoir, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1961,Nonprofit Organization,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
234,Contract Data Analyst,"$54k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Amyx is seeking to hire a Contract Data Analyst located in Rosslyn, VA. The successful candidate must have A 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree with a major in any field, that includes or is supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization. Also, a minimum of 2 years of experience serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst

Responsibilities:

Responsibilities and Skills:

Knowledge of WAWF eBusiness processes.
Knowledge of the federal acquisition process.
Knowledge of contracting principles, laws regulation and procedures.
Knowledge of methods and techniques of fact-finding, analysis, and resolution of complex problems, and the ability to develop concrete action plans to solve problems.
Knowledge and Experience of the WAWF eBusienss Suite, to include: iRAPT, EDA, IUID, CDR, MyInvoice, and Contract Closeout.
Good verbal, analytical and written communication skills.
Good organizational skills in tracking data and actions.
Knowledge and Experience writing professional documents.
Knowledge and Experience in Customer Service.
Skilled in Business Intelligence Reporting.
Proficient in the use of the Microsoft suite of applications including Word, SharePoint, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Project as well as with Adobe Acrobat.

Supported Technologies:
Integrative Acquisition Environment
DOD acquisition system

Qualifications:

Required Skills and Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree and preferred majors are accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization.
2 years of experience required in serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:
Knowledge of Federal and DOD acquisition procedures

Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.
Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.
Physical Demands
Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.",4.0,"Amyx, Inc.
4.0","Arlington, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
235,Senior Marketing Data Analyst,-1,"Membership Marketing Partners (MMP) is an innovative and fast-growing marketing agency that serves conservative non-profits and non-partisan non-profits in the DC metro and New York markets. We’re looking to hire a mid-senior level Marketing Data Analyst to handle in depth marketing analysis. Candidates should be analytical thinkers, who are comfortable working with large data sets and doing complex analysis, and most importantly converting results into actionable business decisions. Candidates will also need strong communication skills to explain their analysis and win over stakeholder support for their recommendations.

Here are the required qualifications:

· Proven work experience as a Data Analyst

· Strong knowledge of statistical methods and concepts

· 3-5+ years job experience with either political advocacy groups, campaigns, or a marketing agency

· BA/BS degree

· Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel

· Ability to effectively multi-task in a deadline driven atmosphere

· Extremely detail-oriented and organized

· Good attitude and work ethic with high personal and professional standards

· Effective Communication skills

Preferred Qualifications:

· Experience with Salesforce CRM or with a membership-based CRM

· Experience with Google Analytics 360

Job Responsibilities:

· Designed and distribute executive dashboards, and campaign performance tracking reports using Excel

· Documenting data structures for input from/outputs to outside data sources.

· Manage the coordination of data collection, analytics, reporting, and insights across all digital marketing channels.

· Develop SQL scripts for analysis and reporting

· Ensure data quality across a variety of reports and monitor incoming data into the platform for accuracy

· Develop customer and prospect profiles, identify new marketing segments and relevant upsell opportunities

· Create actionable data insights for a variety of marketing campaigns

Show us you have what it takes, and we’ll pay you a competitive salary, vacation days, sick days, and health benefits. Please send your resume and cover letter to. Salary commensurate with experience.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Due to the current pandemic, the option to work remotely can be discussed.

Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.MemberPartners.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",2.0,"Membership Marketing Partners, LLC
2.0","Alexandria, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
236,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Machine Learning Engineer*
Are you obsessed with software and machine learning? Looking to work with an awesome team in a modern, successful software company? Geisel Software, based in Worcester, Massachusetts, is a premier software developer that is working with and creating today's hottest software technologies. We are looking for a motivated individual to join our team, learn new technology, and help us build some great software!

Geisel Software develops web, mobile and embedded software, with a focus on robotics, medical devices, and machine learning. We seek a talented individual who is not afraid to work hard, learn something new and get lots of stuff done. We have a helpful staff, but it is also important that you can work independently and solve problems with little outside direction. Your problem-solving skills will be put to the test, whether that means tracking down the answer on Google, or building your own new solution.
Here's what we work with regularly*
TensorFlow and OpenCV
Robotic Simulation with ROS, RVIZ, and Unreal Engine
LAMP - Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP
iPhone/Android application development
Embedded Development in C/C++ (Arm or x86)
Web Frontend (AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, etc.)
Scripting Languages (Python, BASH, or other)
Web Technologies - HTML5, CSS3, XML, JSON
Linux - As a user at least, but also administration and kernel development
Web Frameworks - Django, Codeigniter
Agile and Waterfall design methodologies
Embedded platforms (Raspberry Pi, BeagleBone, OMAP, etc.)
Here’s what we require*
You're passionate about software development -- it's what you do even in your free time.
1 - ∞ years of experience with C, C++ and/or Python.
Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field (PHD highly preferred).
Willingness and ability to write software as part of a team as well as work on ground-breaking machine learning IP. This role will be a mix of both!
Good software foundational skills: CS theory; clean, well-documented code; collaborative style; solid algorithms understanding; mastery of more than one language.
An aptitude for learning new platforms and technologies on the fly. We’re constantly working on new projects that will push you and keep you always learning new technologies.
Able to take ownership of a project and independently architect, execute and troubleshoot it through completion and customer delivery.
Actively pursuing new knowledge and technologies. If you’re a web frontend guru, are you building your backend skills? If you’re an embedded developer, are you developing apps for Android or iOS?
Already comfortable on Linux. You can be a Windows/Mac pro, but you'll be doing at least 50% of your development on Linux. You should be comfortable with that.
Willing to commute to Worcester, MA (Note: Ability to temporarily work remotely during this trying time of COVID-19).
Looking for full-time employment.
Must be a US Person.
Here’s what we would prefer*
ROS or other robot operating system experience.
An educational focus in Machine Learning and Data Science.
Published work in the field of machine learning.
Robotic simulation and 3D game engine knowledge (Godot, Unreal, Unity, RVIZ, Drake).
Any experience with physical modeling would be a plus.
What you’ll get*
An opportunity to work with the latest technologies across a variety of platforms.
A fun, exciting work environment focused on the results, not the politics.
An experienced team and mentor who can help you grow in your craft and career.
A position with a growing company, offering competitive benefits and salary.
Apply now*
E-mail us at *jobs*@*geisel.software* and *include your resume and a brief cover letter* explaining why you think you'd be a great fit at Geisel Software. We'd love to hear about what you've done with technologies we're using, or other projects you've worked on. What do you think you’re really good at and why? What have you done outside your current job to improve your craft? Why do you think you’d be a great fit?

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.geisel-software.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Geisel Software
5.0","Worcester, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
237,Data Scientist,"$59k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist, St. Louis, MO

***No c2c or sponsorship, must be our W2 employee***

Required Skills / Experience:

• MS in computer science, machine learning, statistics, genetics, animal/plant breeding, or closely-related field with at least 1 year of industry experience

• Strong code development experience with R and Python for 3+ year

• Strong object-oriented programming (OOP) and design experience

• Strong in SQL and experience with big data ecosystem

• Experience with coding best practices, version control and documentation

• Problem solver and analytical thinking

• Commitment to ensuring data quality and accuracy and attention to detail

• Strong business aptitude, the ability to rapidly learn new problem domains, and become conversant in the domain with subject matter experts.

• Strong organizational, interpersonal skills with proven ability to communicate complex qualitative analysis in clear, concise, and precise manner.

Desired Skills / Experience:

• PhD in computer science, machine learning, statistics, genetics, animal/plant breeding, or closely-related field

• Experience with AWS, docker and other automation tools

• Experience with workflow orchestration

• Knowledge of plant breeding and genomic prediction

• Experience with web development",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
238,Data Engineer,"$53k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Basic Qualifications :

Bachelor’s degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or a Master's degree.

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:

A TS/SCI security clearance with the ability to obtain a Polygraph is required at time of hire. Candidates must be able to obtain the Polygraph within a reasonable amount of time from date of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required.

Responsibilities for this Position:

Developing mission-critical systems that help keep people safe is what we do. At General Dynamics Mission Systems, you’ll be part of the team that helps heroes make a true impact. The work we do is important. The challenges we face are career-defining. The opportunity we can offer is one-of-a-kind.

We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar space and everything in between.

As a Data Engineer, you’ll lead model and simulation activities as you participate in requirements analysis and management, functional analysis, performance analysis, system design, trade studies, systems integration and test (verification). It’s your chance to step up to the challenge and prove you’re ready to lead the world.

REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES AND TASKS:

We are seeking a Data Engineer to support the Insider Threat mission. Data Engineers work with various security system data owners to automate data integration and collection strategies. Work closely with the data science team to ensure data cleanliness and accuracy.

Support data science team by designing, developing and implementing scalable ETL process for disparate datasets into a Hadoop infrastructure
Design, develop, implement and maintain data ingestion process from various disparate datasets using StreamSets (experience with StreamSets not mandatory)
Develop processes to identify data drift and malformed records
Develop technical documentation and standard operating procedures
Leads technical tasks for small teams or projects

KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

Working knowledge of entity resolution systems
Experience with messages systems like Kafka
Experience with NoSQL and/or graph databases like MongoDB or ArangoDB
Any of the following databases: SQL, MongoDB, Oracle, Postgres
Working experience with ETL processing
Working experience with data workflow products like StreamSets or NiFi
Working experience with Python RESTful API services, JDBC
Experience with Hadoop and Hive/Impala
Experience with Cloudera Data Science Workbench is a plus
Understanding of pySpark Leadership experience
Creative thinker
Ability to multi-task
Excellent use and understanding of data engineering concepts, principles, and theories

#CJ3

#CB

Company Overview:

General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 13,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!

General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran",3.7,"General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1952,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
239,Data Engineer,-1,"Why you'll love working here:

Zylotech is a fast-growing company that rewards autonomy and creativity. Our team works hard, is fast and collaborative, and we encourage personal growth. There are many opportunities to work with other departments where you can interact with some incredibly talented people.

What you’ll do:
Coordinate with Product management and technical stakeholders to continue building our SaaS product data + decision pipe
Perform architecture design, data modeling, and implementation of Big Data platform or Data pipe
Architect and develop big data solutions on either AWS or GCP cloud platforms
Set up and manage big data infrastructure to ingest and process data from multiple sources for Enterprise customer deployment
Create scalable & robust data pipelines to transfer data from source to destination data stores
Player and coach across a team of big data engineers, ML engineers, data scientist towards agile shipping of features and milestone
What we seek:
Prior experience in building, developing, architect scalable big data applications from grounds up preferably in product startups.
2+ years of experience in Data Engineering
Experience working with Big Data stack, Big Map Reduce, Hive, Kafka, Impala, Hadoop, Big Query, Spark SQL, Spark Streaming, HBase etc
Experience in Databases (NoSQL and SQL)
Experience in creating Data-warehouses and scheduling automated ETL jobs
Experience in Docker and Kubernetes
Good Communication Skill, both verbal & written. Confident in communicating with business & technical stakeholders alike.
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field of study.
Important Personal Attributes:
You are curious about technology & science.
Team matters.
Challenging yourself is an intrinsic part of who you are.
Sharing and debating ideas to get to the right answer is important to you.
You seek to act and don’t wait to be told.
You like to teach those around you.
You are serious about your work but also believe that laughter and levity are important.
You work hard and you also have passions outside of work that enrich your life.
Winning is important to you, but so is how you win.
You take pride & ownership in building a Product and company who is disrupting an industry.
About Zylotech:

Zylotech is a self-learning customer intelligence platform that helps marketers create complete customer profiles for targeting revenue opportunities more effectively. Powered by AutoML, the platform continuously unifies and enriches internal and external data, and performs ongoing micro-segmentation, pattern discovery, and recommendations, all while integrating with a variety of marketing clouds for on-demand accessibility. Zylotech’s cross-industry clients have reported up to a 6x increase in customer lift. For more information, visit Zylotech.com.

Zylotech is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant because of race, creed, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, veteran status, military status, application for military service or any other class protected by state or federal law.

To all recruitment agencies: Zylotech does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Zylotech employees or any other company location. Zylotech is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly.

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer-sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.",3.4,"Zylotech
3.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
240,"Business Intelligence Analyst, Sales","$47k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Dosh:
We have created the fastest growing card-linked offer platform that automatically puts cash into the wallets of millions of consumers whenever they shop, dine and book hotels. Through our vision to democratize advertising for the benefit of people everywhere, we connect leading brands and merchants directly to consumers, driving customers in-store and online to purchase more often, spend more and socially share the brands they engage with, creating new customer acquisition. Dosh is built on the mission to positively impact people's lives by moving billions of dollars to millions of people.

Impact:

The Analytics team is hiring a Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst, Sales to drive insights through collaborative partnerships with business stakeholders. Our Analysts live and breathe data. You will be knowledgeable about designing and developing insightful analyses to answer business questions. You will directly interface with the analytics/data science team to discover visualization methods to present advanced analytics data. You will build dashboards, reports, visualizations, algorithms, and tools to solve interesting business problems. You want this job if: 1) you are a highly analytical thinker who enjoys solving complex problems using expert coding and visualization skills, 2) can identify problems in complex data, 3) love working with people, and 4) excel at explaining data driven insights to influence business strategy.

Responsibilities:
SQL Coding for reports, dashboards, and visualizations. Using Python (or R) to help your stakeholders improve their performance, and sometimes designing algorithms to decipher deeper why and how questions.
Understanding your business stakeholders’ objectives, the metrics that are the most important to them, and how they measure their performance.
Turning business requirements into technical requirements.
Finding and understanding the correct data sources for a given analysis.
Iterating based on stakeholder feedback.
Visualizing complex analysis.
Learning from, and sharing knowledge and skills with your teammates to grow BI’s total impact to the organization.
What you will bring:
Bachelor of Science in math, statistics, computer science, or equivalent technical field. Master of Science in any of the aforementioned fields, preferred.
2+ years of industry and client consulting experience in a data science, business analytics, business intelligence, or comparable data engineering role.
2+ years of experience using SQL to write complex, highly-optimized queries across large volumes of data.
Experience with Tableau or equivalent to create impactful reports, visualizations, and interactive dashboards.
Experience in report development, data warehousing, as well as BI tools, techniques, and technology
Experience using Python or R programming languages, preferred.
Excellent oral and written communication skills, and comfort presenting to everyone from entry-level employees to senior leaders.
Ability to directly connect analytic insights to strategy drivers.
Knowledge of ETL and data warehouse concepts and processes.
Sensitivity to clients' needs and ability to develop warm client relationships.
Curiosity and passion about data, visualization and solving problems.
Creativity to determine the best solution for a real-world problem with quantitative data.
Experience with reporting, descriptive statistics, probability, and cleaning big datasets.
Willingness to question the validity, accuracy of data and assumptions.
Enjoyment from collaborating with others in a team environment.
Eagerness to learn in a fast-paced environment.
Drive and self-reliance.
Dosh Employee Perks:
The opportunity to join us on our mission to positively impact millions of people's lives financially.
A ground floor opportunity with the Dosh team.
The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders.
Fun, driven, innovative and supportive co-workers who will push you to be your best.
Competitive compensation and benefits.
At Dosh we celebrate and support all differences. Dosh is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital, disability & veteran status.",3.6,"Dosh
3.6","Austin, TX",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
241,Lead Data Scientist,"$102k-$166k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary
Tranzact is hiring a lead data scientist to assist our team in driving our data science and analytics group forward. You’ll be joining a group of curious, smart, technically minded yet business savvy data scientists looking to make a difference to the company by further designing and building out our data decisioning capabilities. We have been up and running for several years and our team must grow to meet the demands of our business partners—they see the value we have provided and want more.

The Lead Data Scientist is passionate about using data and insights to drive business strategy and develop data products. A successful candidate will manage data science projects including scoping, designing, and executing the vision with the help of more junior data scientists / analysts. They would also identify and prioritize initiatives to deliver value to our internal stakeholders. The ideal candidate would have experience managing data science projects, managing stakeholders, and working cross functionally. This person would have real world experience “in the data trenches” as a data scientist and be an all-star individual contributor. We expect this person to have a passion for driving projects for business outcomes, strong analytical skills, and a strong desire to make an impact in our growing data science practice!

What you’ll do:
Become the domain expert in multiple areas of the Tranzact business (i.e. retention, call center effectiveness, etc.) and contribute to the advancement of those area through thought leadership.
Lead new projects and initiatives through understanding business needs, executing, presenting and influencing stakeholders.
Be a technical leader on the team that can advise, mentor, and delegate tasks to more junior data scientists and analysts.
Facilitate data-driven decision making and prioritize initiatives.
Develop strong cross functional partnerships with business and technology stakeholders.
Act as a subject matter expert within the organization on all things data.
Find new and improved ways for us to use data in our products, operations, and business strategies.

What we do:
We achieve competitive advantage through data-driven marketing and full management of the customer experience. We’re constantly refining our technology and our strategies, that’s why we’re the industry leader in delivering the best results to the top insurance brands in America.

That’s not just lip service either, we’re consistently awarded partner of the year from brands like AFLAC, Humana, and more. Our work has also been featured on The Dr. Oz Show, Forbes, and Vox -- to name a few.

We want people who fit within our Be Real culture. We want a diversity of programmers and writers and designers and data scientists and strategists and more. We’re made up of introverts and extroverts, suits and rebels, corporate types and anti-corporate types. We’re an environment where every person feels their full potential is only limited by their ability to conceive of it and make it happen. Our company grew from entrepreneurial roots but has big company resources to get amazing things done.

What we’re looking for:
BA/BS in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, etc.)
5 years of experience in data science at a B2C or direct to consumer company (experience in marketing, business operations, or customer retention is a plus)
Experience implementing predictive and prescriptive models in production systems
Experience managing data science projects and mentoring data scientists / analysts
Proficiency with Python, SQL, Excel, and a data visualization tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc.)
Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines
Experience communicating strategy and results to different audiences
Ability to work cross functionally and influence others
A lifelong learner that is excited to learn new data science technologies and apply those to technologies to our business
Ability to be objective, follow the facts, cut through noise and create a story with data
Thrives in a fast-paced environment that is constantly changing
What’s in it for you:
Medical, dental, vision, paid time off/holidays, 401(k), and bonus opportunity
Frequent office events and outings
Employee development programs, conference and training reimbursement
Work remote flexibility
Joining a growing and exciting team making a big impact on the business!
EOE, including disability/vets",3.8,"TRANZACT
3.8","Fort Lee, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
242,Associate - Data Science,"$51k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As THE leader in transit technology, Clever Devices' vision is to make meaningful contributions to worldwide mobility. Our goal is to be the leading provider of exciting technology that improves the quality of mobility in communities around the world.

Clever Devices is seeking a recent college graduate with a Data Science degree to join our team. The Associate, Data Science will perform data analysis of Clever Devices customers related to specific products (Clever Reports and R+) specifically as they relate to transportation operations, metrics, and performance measures. This position will work with both internal and external (customers) to develop meaningful analytics that drive business decisions. This role also encompasses support for trouble shooting, report/dashboard building, machine learning, causality, and general data analysis. As this position is customer facing, being customer focused is key.

Primary Responsibilities:
Review and analyze large amounts of raw data and find patterns and extract business insights that will help our customers improve operations.
Assist in writing programs to cleanse data with the purpose of integrating it into operations in a reusable manner.
Implement and validate predictive models, create and maintain statistical models and maintain a focus on big data.
Build partnerships with other departments while working in an Agile and collaborative team setting.
Evaluate results of data models and communicate results to internal and external customers (both technical and non-technical teams).
Skills Required:
B.S in Data Science, Applied Mathematics or related field. Masters degree a plus.
Must be able to clearly communicate across many levels of the organization and have a comfort level interacting with external customers.
Basic and educational level understanding of statistical programming (i.e. Python, R, SAS, MATLAB, etc).
Prior internship or other work experience in a corporate environment.
Basic understanding of technical product development.
Personal or professional interest in public transportation
Powered by JazzHR",3.6,"Clever Devices
3.6","Morrisville, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
243,Data Scientist,"$120k-$140k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description:

Quartet is a pioneering healthcare technology company striving to improve the lives of people with mental health conditions. We connect people to a personalized care team to get them the right care at the right time. Our collaborative technology platform and range of services brings together physicians, mental health providers, and insurance companies to effectively improve patient outcomes and drive down healthcare costs. Backed by $153MM in venture funding from top investors like Oak HC/FT, GV (formerly Google Ventures), F-Prime Capital Partners, Polaris Partners, Centene Corporation and Echo Ventures. Quartet is headquartered in NYC and is currently operating in several markets across the United States Pennsylvania, Washington, Northern California, New Jersey, North Carolina, Louisiana, and Illinois.

About the team & opportunity:

As a Data Scientist at Quartet, you will work on a range of projects -- developing statistical analyses to study impact of Quartet interventions; predicting mental health needs among populations; building machine learning models to suggest timely and appropriate behavioral health care interventions for patients. You'll develop a deep understanding of Quartet interventions and the predictive models and algorithms.

You will design and develop effective models, features, and algorithms involving multiple datasets, including user activity, Electronic Health Records (EHR), admissions, discharges and transfers (ADT), medical claims, pharmacy claims, and lab test claims. Leverages knowledge of computer science, machine learning, data mining and software architecture to build high-quality data products. Supports the design of Quartet products, including: an entity resolution and de-duplication library for linking patients and providers data, which is collected from multiple sources; a machine learning application for the detection of opioid use disorder in patients using supervised learning and deep learning; and an optical mark recognition (OMR) computer vision application for transcribing paper assessments.

Accountabilities:
Research and develop machine-learning and statistical models in Quartet Health's platform to improve software personalization and recommendations for users
Drives a data-informed process for experimenting with new products to improve patient outcomes and operational efficiency.
Performing ML research, exploratory data analysis, and computer-vision modeling; developing model evaluation and online maintenance methodologies, including confidence estimation, calibration, and concept drift
Develop general-purpose frameworks to support machine learning applications in production.
Minimum Qualifications:
2-3 years experience as a data scientist.
Formal training in statistics and computer science.
Knowledge of mathematical fundamentals: probability theory, linear algebra and statistics.
Strong data transformation and extraction skills with SQL databases.
Strong statistical programming skills in both Python and R.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with Amazon Web Services infrastructure.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with Linux command line.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with git for version control.
Ability to work on projects from initial to final phase- beginning by defining a problem, developing an implementation plan, and overseeing deployment and maintenance.
Ability to clearly communicate across disciplines and work collaboratively.
Experience with any of the following: Docker, TensorFlow, Keras, Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Gensim, Scikit-learn, NLKT, Jupyter
Employee Benefits for Quartet include: Unlimited vacation, volunteer opportunities, team events, mental healthcare coverage of 15 free therapy sessions + unlimited copay reimbursements, medical, dental + vision coverage, generous parental and military leave, commuter benefits, 401K, and stock option grants.

Want to know what Quartet life is like? Click here to meet our team.

Quartet is committed to building a diverse team and fostering an inclusive culture, and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We embrace and encourage our employees' differences in race, religion, color, national origin, gender, family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, medical conditions, and other characteristics. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Quartet does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Quartet will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Quartet.

Please note: Quartet interview requests and job offers only originate from quartethealth.com email addresses (e.g. jsmith@quartethealth.com). Quartet will also never ask for bank information (e.g. account and routing number), social security numbers, passwords, or other sensitive information to be delivered via email. If you receive a scam email or wish to report a security issue involving Quartet, please notify us at: security@quartethealth.com.

Have someone to refer? Email talent@quartethealth.com to submit their details to us.",3.7,"Quartet Health
3.7","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
244,Intern - Data Science,-1,"Meet MedPro Group. We’re an industry-leading Berkshire Hathaway insurance company with a passion for our clients and our team. We are hundreds of professionals with varied backgrounds and experience levels who came together to achieve one goal: protecting those who have made it their mission to serve and care for others. Never considered the insurance industry before? We think you should.

We are looking for a graduate student to intern with MedPro Group in Fort Wayne, IN during Summer 2021.

In this role you will…

Determine which data is helpful for determining the drivers of profit, loss, demand, and other quantities of interest.
Help to design, test, and implement programs.
Participate in gathering, reviewing, analyzing, and evaluating stakeholder needs.
Be expected to function as an extension of the Data Scientists in their experiment design, learning and helping where most needed.
Perform other duties as assigned.

We are looking for candidates with…

Active pursuit of graduate degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or related degree.
Minimum 3.0 GPA.
Mandatory technical skills: Microsoft Suite with some programming experience. Preferred technical skills: Python, Java, SAS, R, C++.
Outstanding interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills.
Proven ability to work on a team or operate independently and prioritize job duties.

Why MedPro?

MedPro Group’s mission is built on a century-old legacy of protecting those who protect others. From our roots in our hometown of Fort Wayne, Indiana, we've worked diligently to become the nation's premier healthcare liability coverage provider, currently insuring more than 250,000 customers. With that growth, we've built a significant presence in all 50 states. Our team works across the country to provide the best strategies to mitigate risk and preserve the reputations of those who have entrusted their good name to us. That passion – built on a foundation of a culture that values uncompromised integrity, obsessive client focus, great teamwork, and a long-term mindset – makes MedPro a preferred employer that many call their career home.

General:

MedPro Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",3.2,"MedPro Group
3.2","Fort Wayne, IN",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1899,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
245,Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist,"$75k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Maxar is looking for a Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist to join our team. We use quick iteration and regular feedback to the prototype for our government customers before ultimately discovering the perfect fit. We embed our Geospatial Programmers with analytic teams to create custom-tailored web apps.

Life with Us
Project: Were improving upon models that use Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning (AI/ML) to search for and identify objects. You would be the leader in this effort to design a scalable cloud-based solution and turn it into a real-world solution.
Career: Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer everyone the opportunity to define their career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor, and/or a mentor, to set appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be developing and enhancing a geospatial app and the supporting infrastructure. This app is used to facilitate greater workforce performance by:

Building and training Deep Learning models to accurately identify specified objects.

Accessing large and various data sets

Working with multiple mission partners to identify and evaluate data sources.

We work in a very Lean-Agile environment without the overhead associated with traditional Scrum and eliminated unnecessary development meetings and we love it! We work together with our govt. stakeholders in their spaces in a very free-flowing and technology-forward environment.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a current/active TS/SCI clearance with Polygraph

Bachelor's degree in mathematics, computer science or related field, or additional 4 years of professional work experience in lieu of degree

2+ years of relevant experience.

Recent experience with some of the following technologies:

Programming and Data Science Tools: Python, Anaconda Environments, and basic experience or knowledge of Pytorch, Tensorflow, or similar ML packages.

Limited experience in training ML models, classification, or object detection.

Understanding of methods for labeling training data for Machine Learning models.

Experience with Linux Terminal commands and usage.

Basic knowledge of Cloud Computing.

Preferred Skills:
Willingness to learn new tasks and tools.

Experience in Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) Pipeline techniques and tools.

Experience performing AI/ML projects in a cloud environment.

Strong interpersonal skills.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
246,"Senior Scientist, Structural Biology",-1,"Senior Scientist, Structural Biology*
Location: Boston ,MA*
Monte Rosa Therapeutics is seeking a talented and highly motivated lead, structural biologist with drug discovery experience to join the Biomolecular Sciences group. This is an exciting opportunity to establish a new team responsible for the structural characterization of novel small molecule degraders to support Monte’s Rosa’s pipeline of oncology targets. The successful candidate will be responsible for establishing state-of-the-art structural biology capabilities, including crystallography and Cryo-EM. The candidate should exhibit excellent communication and collaborative skills for working on cross-functional multi-disciplinary drug discovery teams and have experience managing direct reports.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities*:
Sets scientific directions for the group and contributes to managing priorities of company’s portfolio
Establish state-of-the art structural biology capabilities and workflows internally and via partnership with CROs to characterize protein-small molecule and protein-protein complexes
Oversee build out, manage and maintain in house crystallization lab including hiring, setting up and maintaining infrastructure
Establish protein expression and purification capabilities to support structural biology and biochemical/biophysical assays
Evaluate structures and develop structure-activity relationships in collaboration with medicinal and computational chemists as a part of the overall hit-to-lead process
Responsible for data management, including protein reagent tracking and transfer of structure coordinates to an internal database
Establish and manage external research at CROs
Effectively present and communicate research findings at internal meetings and external scientific conferences
Manage and direct the activities of direct reports
Job Qualifications*:

· Ph.D. in Structural Biology, Biophysics or a related discipline with a minimum of 5 years of relevant industry experience

· In-depth knowledge and extensive hands-on-experience with crystallography and Cryo-EM, as evidenced by a significant publication record. Experience with NMR is a plus.

· Experience in recombinant protein production from different expression systems, including construct design and optimization

· Experience with instrumentation for liquid handling, crystallization and imaging

· Experience with crystallography and Cryo-EM software, including data processing, visualization and deposition

· Experience with biophysical characterization assays (e.g. SPR, MST, ITC, etc.) is a plus

· Track record of delivering on project and company goals

· Ability to accommodate to rapidly changing priorities and deadlines

· Experience in managing and mentoring direct reports

· Excellent communication and project leadership skills and ability to work effectively in a team setting

· Experience in managing external collaborations and CROs

· Proven track record for striving for a high level of innovation and scientific excellence

Interested Candidates my forward a Resume and Cover Letter to Careers-US-AT-MonteRosaTx.com or submit your credentials online https://www.monterosatx.com/monte-rosa-therapeutics-carrers

Monte Rosa Therapeutics rational approach in targeting disease-causing proteins for degradation will deliver pioneering therapies for cancer and other diseases. Delivering this new generation of treatments to the patients requires a conceptual change. Monte Rosa recognizes this urgent need and is missioned to develop innovative protein degraders as a solution. Combining deep knowledge, insight and leading-edge science, our integrated engine is built for that purpose.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $105,976.00 - $152,774.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Monte Rosa Therapeutics,"Boston, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
247,"Senior Scientist, Structural Biology",-1,"Senior Scientist, Structural Biology*
Location: Boston ,MA*
Monte Rosa Therapeutics is seeking a talented and highly motivated lead, structural biologist with drug discovery experience to join the Biomolecular Sciences group. This is an exciting opportunity to establish a new team responsible for the structural characterization of novel small molecule degraders to support Monte’s Rosa’s pipeline of oncology targets. The successful candidate will be responsible for establishing state-of-the-art structural biology capabilities, including crystallography and Cryo-EM. The candidate should exhibit excellent communication and collaborative skills for working on cross-functional multi-disciplinary drug discovery teams and have experience managing direct reports.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities*:
Sets scientific directions for the group and contributes to managing priorities of company’s portfolio
Establish state-of-the art structural biology capabilities and workflows internally and via partnership with CROs to characterize protein-small molecule and protein-protein complexes
Oversee build out, manage and maintain in house crystallization lab including hiring, setting up and maintaining infrastructure
Establish protein expression and purification capabilities to support structural biology and biochemical/biophysical assays
Evaluate structures and develop structure-activity relationships in collaboration with medicinal and computational chemists as a part of the overall hit-to-lead process
Responsible for data management, including protein reagent tracking and transfer of structure coordinates to an internal database
Establish and manage external research at CROs
Effectively present and communicate research findings at internal meetings and external scientific conferences
Manage and direct the activities of direct reports
Job Qualifications*:

· Ph.D. in Structural Biology, Biophysics or a related discipline with a minimum of 5 years of relevant industry experience

· In-depth knowledge and extensive hands-on-experience with crystallography and Cryo-EM, as evidenced by a significant publication record. Experience with NMR is a plus.

· Experience in recombinant protein production from different expression systems, including construct design and optimization

· Experience with instrumentation for liquid handling, crystallization and imaging

· Experience with crystallography and Cryo-EM software, including data processing, visualization and deposition

· Experience with biophysical characterization assays (e.g. SPR, MST, ITC, etc.) is a plus

· Track record of delivering on project and company goals

· Ability to accommodate to rapidly changing priorities and deadlines

· Experience in managing and mentoring direct reports

· Excellent communication and project leadership skills and ability to work effectively in a team setting

· Experience in managing external collaborations and CROs

· Proven track record for striving for a high level of innovation and scientific excellence

Interested Candidates my forward a Resume and Cover Letter to Careers-US-AT-MonteRosaTx.com or submit your credentials online https://www.monterosatx.com/monte-rosa-therapeutics-carrers

Monte Rosa Therapeutics rational approach in targeting disease-causing proteins for degradation will deliver pioneering therapies for cancer and other diseases. Delivering this new generation of treatments to the patients requires a conceptual change. Monte Rosa recognizes this urgent need and is missioned to develop innovative protein degraders as a solution. Combining deep knowledge, insight and leading-edge science, our integrated engine is built for that purpose.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $105,976.00 - $152,774.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Monte Rosa Therapeutics,"Boston, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
248,"Senior Scientist, Structural Biology",-1,"Senior Scientist, Structural Biology*
Location: Boston ,MA*
Monte Rosa Therapeutics is seeking a talented and highly motivated lead, structural biologist with drug discovery experience to join the Biomolecular Sciences group. This is an exciting opportunity to establish a new team responsible for the structural characterization of novel small molecule degraders to support Monte’s Rosa’s pipeline of oncology targets. The successful candidate will be responsible for establishing state-of-the-art structural biology capabilities, including crystallography and Cryo-EM. The candidate should exhibit excellent communication and collaborative skills for working on cross-functional multi-disciplinary drug discovery teams and have experience managing direct reports.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities*:
Sets scientific directions for the group and contributes to managing priorities of company’s portfolio
Establish state-of-the art structural biology capabilities and workflows internally and via partnership with CROs to characterize protein-small molecule and protein-protein complexes
Oversee build out, manage and maintain in house crystallization lab including hiring, setting up and maintaining infrastructure
Establish protein expression and purification capabilities to support structural biology and biochemical/biophysical assays
Evaluate structures and develop structure-activity relationships in collaboration with medicinal and computational chemists as a part of the overall hit-to-lead process
Responsible for data management, including protein reagent tracking and transfer of structure coordinates to an internal database
Establish and manage external research at CROs
Effectively present and communicate research findings at internal meetings and external scientific conferences
Manage and direct the activities of direct reports
Job Qualifications*:

· Ph.D. in Structural Biology, Biophysics or a related discipline with a minimum of 5 years of relevant industry experience

· In-depth knowledge and extensive hands-on-experience with crystallography and Cryo-EM, as evidenced by a significant publication record. Experience with NMR is a plus.

· Experience in recombinant protein production from different expression systems, including construct design and optimization

· Experience with instrumentation for liquid handling, crystallization and imaging

· Experience with crystallography and Cryo-EM software, including data processing, visualization and deposition

· Experience with biophysical characterization assays (e.g. SPR, MST, ITC, etc.) is a plus

· Track record of delivering on project and company goals

· Ability to accommodate to rapidly changing priorities and deadlines

· Experience in managing and mentoring direct reports

· Excellent communication and project leadership skills and ability to work effectively in a team setting

· Experience in managing external collaborations and CROs

· Proven track record for striving for a high level of innovation and scientific excellence

Interested Candidates my forward a Resume and Cover Letter to Careers-US-AT-MonteRosaTx.com or submit your credentials online https://www.monterosatx.com/monte-rosa-therapeutics-carrers

Monte Rosa Therapeutics rational approach in targeting disease-causing proteins for degradation will deliver pioneering therapies for cancer and other diseases. Delivering this new generation of treatments to the patients requires a conceptual change. Monte Rosa recognizes this urgent need and is missioned to develop innovative protein degraders as a solution. Combining deep knowledge, insight and leading-edge science, our integrated engine is built for that purpose.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $105,976.00 - $152,774.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Monte Rosa Therapeutics,"Boston, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
249,"Principal Scientist, Technical Services (I)",-1,"Company Description

The Nature's Bounty Co. is a privately held, global leader in health and wellness with a rich history and proven track record in the nutritional market. As a manufacturer, marketer and online seller of vitamins, dietary supplements, minerals, herbals, protein bars and powders, and ethical beauty products, our purpose is to create a happier, healthier world using the power of science and nature. The brands of The Nature's Bounty Co. are some of the most trusted in the world including Nature's Bounty®, Pure Protein®, Solgar®, Osteo Bi-Flex®, Sundown®, Body Fortress®, MET-Rx® and Ester-C®.

Inclusion and Diversity in the workplace matters at The Nature’s Bounty Co. This includes being focused on retaining and recruiting a diverse workforce and building a culture of inclusivity. Our goal is to create a place where people feel respected, valued and able to bring their authentic selves to work each day.

Did we mention that we also offer excellent benefits, competitive compensation and a progressive, healthy company culture? If you’ve ever spent your workdays watching the clock, you know how important a positive work environment is for a person’s well-being. The Nature’s Bounty Co. is committed to supporting wellness in all forms. And when it comes to wellness, nature is a pretty good place to start.

Job Description

The Principal Technical Services Scientist will work closely with multi-functional teams to help improve current products, address manufacturing issues, evaluate new technologies and/or ingredients, seek cost savings and maintain networks of external partners. Adherence to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s) and current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP’s) is required. Project goals are accomplished with the supervision of the support Supply Chain technicians and scientists.

Responsibilities include:

Leads meetings and cross-functional teams to make sure key deliverables related to Technical Services projects are delivered in a timely manner.
Leads scale up strategies, and qualifies and transfers technologies/processes to other internal manufacturing sites, or externally.
Lead and organize the Technical Services team, in the absence of the Manager or Director.
Defines and implements solutions for assigned tasks, balancing achievement of milestones with high quality standards.
Provides technical leadership to manufacturing including but not limited to formulation or process improvements, formulation globalization, cost savings initiatives, and trouble shooting.
Formulates nutritional supplement products in various forms in support of manufacturing.
Performs comprehensive, sophisticated and critical evaluation of own data and data from other scientists.
Looks for innovative and better ways of doing things. Actively looks to eliminate non-value added steps of processes and procedures.
Negotiates timeline commitments among other team members such that agreed objectives and timings for completion of activities are achieved. Rapidly communicates major changes to project plans to manager/director.
Explores and shares new scientific information, technologies, products and processes with the Science and Technology community. Builds awareness of developments outside of NBCo. through attendance/presentations at trade associations or scientific meetings.
Leads external collaborations with suppliers, academia and other professional bodies.

Qualifications

7+ years experience in the hands-on development and characterization of solid dose formulations, including tablet, capsules, liquids, soft gels and gummies or the equivalent experience.
1-3 years experience with leading cross-functional teams, laboratory activities, qualification processes, technology transfers, Quality by Design, and/or Operational Excellence tools.
3-5 years experience working with processing/manufacturing equipment and implementing process optimization and/or cost saving projects.
Leadership, discipline and self-disciplined.
Good project management skills.
Strong data analysis and written and verbal reports.
Excellent communication and problem-solving abilities, excellent organizational, and interpersonal skills.
Ability to interact well in multi-functional teams, and in fostering a team approach to achieving project goals.
Bachelor's Degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Pharmaceutical Science, or related.
Master's Degree desired.

Additional Information

The Nature's Bounty Co. is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

The Nature's Bounty Co. offers a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package, which includes health and dental plans, voluntary short-term and long-term disability, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, generous associate discounts and more!

Please contact Human Resources at 631-244-2120 if you should need a reasonable accommodation to submit your information for our online job postings.",2.9,"The Nature’s Bounty Co
2.9","Bohemia, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1971,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
250,Associate Clinical Scientist,"$42k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Associate Clinical Scientist will serve as a clinical scientist providing pharmacology support and execution of the development, update and maintenance of the TRHC?s clinical decision support system (CDSS) of drug-drug interactions based on drug pharmacokinetics properties. The successful candidate will have a working knowledge of clinical pharmacology, drug metabolism, drug transporters, and related pharmacokinetics principles. This person will work in collaboration with other research and clinical scientists in the Precision Pharmacotherapy Research & Development institute for the integration of generated information and of knowledge into the overall program strategies, to improve the efficiency of the TRHC?s CDSS, improve our mechanistic understanding and provide scientific rationale. This individual will also work in close collaboration with the TRHC academy to provide advanced training and review educational programs related to the TRHC?s CDSS. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a high-impact clinical pharmacology team and collaborative setting.

TRHC Scientific Precision Pharmacotherapy Research & Development Institute (SPPRDI) is committed to the development of proprietary products, their validation and recognition by the scientific and regulatory communities to optimize medication regimen in order to improve patient outcomes, reduce utilization of various healthcare services, lower healthcare costs, and manage risk.
Accountable and responsible for ensuring maintenance and update of drugs into the CDSS.
Performs, integrates and interpret PK analysis including pre-clinical and clinical studies.
Interpret enzymatic assays, in vitro/ex vivo drug metabolism studies. Integrate metabolism and transporter data to provide mechanistic interpretation into the CDSS.
Fully knowledgeable about PK?s drugs; to address, identify and resolve scientific issues.
Contributes to expert pharmacology input into educational training programs and materials.
Complies with all applicable regulations, maintains proper records in accordance with SOPs and policies
Education:
PharmD or MD equivalent and PhD from an accredited institution in Clinical pharmacology, Pharmacokinetics, Drug metabolism, or other relevant fields or equivalent experience in related fields.
Experience:
Experience in clinical pharmacology research.
Experience in research (post-doctoral formation/fellowship; up to 2 years) would be advantageous.
Specific Skills:
An in depth knowledge of drug metabolizing enzymes and transporters would be considered highly beneficial.
Demonstrated ability and strong understanding with preclinical and clinical PK data.
Demonstrates ability to drive for results independently.
Participates in team for ensuring valid methods and in assessing review process.
Applicant should be organized, self-motivated and capable of working autonomously and in a collaborative environment.
It would be advantageous for the candidate to have knowledge on pharmacogenomics.",4.2,"Tabula Rasa HealthCare, Inc
4.2","Orlando, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
251,Data Engineer,-1,"Data Engineer Northern, VA

Data Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Data Engineers to design and implement distributed, cloud-native data pipelines, storage systems, and query support. These capabilities will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on enabling machine learning and automation. Teams will be working in an Agile development environment and expected to identify and mitigate risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Architect, design, and implement updates and enhancements to data repositories and indices to support data ingest, enrichment, analysis, visualization, and dissemination
Perform database engineering and management activities associated with designing, developing, maintaining, and enhancing Big Data analytic systems using an Agile DevSecOps model
Integrate data from multiple sources in batches and real-time
Review, design, and develop data quality management processes and automated procedures intended to produce high levels of data integrity
Research and recommend solutions to complex problems
Oversee code reviews and delivering feedback regarding designs/code
Perform research and development and provide technical support to identify and integrate new and emerging technologies into the data environment
Design and implement storage and indexing strategies to provide efficient storage and retrieval to support visualizations such as graph-based and geospatial indices
Support design and development of data access APIs that allow enterprise access (as appropriate) to data
Develop or provide input to engineering artifacts associated with the data repositories
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 3 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Experience with SQL databases
Data transformation experience with scripting (Python, Java, Perl, PL/SQL) or platforms such as Spark, Talend, Knime, or Pentaho
Strong problem-solving skills
Good written and oral communications skills
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
Familiarity with SQL query engines, preferably PrestoDB or SparkSQL
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Experience integrating open API based data access and processing
DOD8570 IAT Level 1 or 2 certified (A+, Security+, etc. certification)
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
252,Data Scientist,"$72k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Research and Sciences

Qualifications:

Embark on a career putting innovative, reliable, and agile products and ideas into orbit, and beyond. Northrop Grumman has opportunities waiting for you that play a vital role in human space exploration, national defense, and scientific discovery, supporting multiple programs across the universe. With us, you'll discover a culture of curiosity and collaboration that will have you Defining Possible from the day you start. Our space systems connect and protect millions of people on earth every day, now and for the future. Explore your future and launch your career today.

Northrop Grumman Space Systems is seeking a Data Scientist This position will be located at Hill AFB, UT and will support the Ground Subsystems Support Contract (GSSC) program.

The successful applicant will:
Develop and implement artificial intelligence and machine learning models to solve complex data problems
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools
Merge and transform big datasets to ensure data integrity and usability
Develop a process to maintain quality and performance of statistical models and quickly identify enhancements opportunities
Communicate advanced concepts and information in an understandable manner for audiences of varying levels of competency
Maintain an up-to-date knowledge of technology trends
Properly document code, artifact description, implementation, and use cases
Be an eager and fast learner
Work on a fast pasted collaborative team in an agile environment
As a full-time employee of Northrop Grumman Space Systems, you are eligible for our robust benefits package including:
Medical, Dental & Vision coverage
401k
Educational Assistance
Life Insurance
Employee Assistance Programs & Work/Life Solutions
Paid Time Off
Health & Wellness Resources
Employee Discounts
This position's standard work schedule is a 9/80. The 9/80 schedule allows employees who work a nine-hour day Monday through Thursday to take every other Friday off.

UTSpace",3.8,"Northrop Grumman
3.8","Hill AFB, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,1939,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
253,Sales Ops Data Analyst,"$54k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","TriNet is a leading provider of comprehensive human resources solutions for small to midsize businesses (SMBs). We enhance business productivity by enabling our clients to outsource their HR function to one strategic partner and allowing them to focus on operating and growing their core businesses. Our full-service HR solutions include features such as payroll processing, human capital consulting, employment law compliance and employee benefits, including health insurance, retirement plans and workers’ compensation insurance.

TriNet has a nationwide presence and an experienced executive team. Our stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TNET. If you’re passionate about innovation and making an impact on the large SMB market, come join us as we power our clients’ business success with extraordinary HR.

JOB SUMMARY/OVERVIEW

The Sales Ops Data Analyst is responsible and accountable for sales data enrichment, data analysis and related recommendations to influence business decisions, reporting and managing the dedupe data application. This role is responsible for ensuring data integrity of Salesforce and managing ongoing data needs, such as data entry, uploads, cleanup, evaluation, validation. In addition, this role is responsible for providing recommendations for continuous process improvement and leading implementation/adoption of new practices, as applicable.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES

• Identify data process inefficiencies, develop and implement solutions and track progress continuously to improve data quality
• Provide reporting coupled with suggested actions to leaders whose teams provide master data inputs, to reduce data quality issues, non-value record maintenance, and process deviation.
• Understand end to end business processes, flow of data within and between processes and recommend process improvements for better territory planning and forecasting process.
• Develops technical and functional specifications based on business requirements and
analysis of relevant workflows.
• Identify and manage data cleanup projects to improve data accuracy, lead relevant resources to desired project outcome
• Oversee ongoing data hygiene efforts and appends of prospect records
• Identifies issues in data quality that would impact reporting (i.e. duplicate records, missing data, etc.) and influence business decisions
• Develop and implement a periodic review, inclusive of robust reporting, of all master data to ensure data is current and accurate across business functions, conforms to business rules, and meets data quality standards
• Responsible for investigating industry information for accurate sales territory assignment. Provides recommendations to leadership to optimize territory assignment and related business results
• Provides expertise and resolution to questions from the Sales Teams related to data management and rules of engagement
• Build data quality executive dashboards and reports to track and monitor data accuracy for use by executive leadership with CRM
• Provides a pivotal role in the research for data mining, analytic and data quality assurance tools
• Responsible for resolving escalations that require in-depth research and judgement
• Perform data analysis in Salesforce using CRMFusion Demand Tool and other data deduplication applications in production and sandbox environment
• Partners with sales strategy and leadership to define the company’s Go-To-Market (GTM) strategy and provides downstream impact analysis and recommendations to existing operations
• Work with cross-functional team to clarify business process and data needs on process-related IT projects, as well as supporting and executing end-to-end UAT
• Respond to ad hoc data analysis requests and provide technical assistance
• Complies with all data best practices, rules of engagement and data protocols
• Other projects and responsibilities may be added at the manager’s discretion

JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS

Education:
• Bachelor’s degree required
• 3+ years of Salesforce experience
• Previous experience working with PRM applications
• Previous experience with Analytical tools including MS Excel and Tableau
• Data cleanup skills required

Experience:
• 3+ years of experience in sales operations or sales support role
• Experience with deduping application tools
• Ability to work well with a variety of disciplines while remaining effective in a high-volume, tight-deadline driven environment with seasonally affected workloads
• Flexibility and adaptability to changing business needs
• Strong analytical skills and ability to generate sound business recommendations based on data
• Proficient in MS Office Suite
• Collaborative team player and project leader who is detailed oriented, focused on solution quality and execution
Other Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Ability to communicate with employees at all levels of the organization
• Strong knowledge and understanding of both state and federal employment laws
• Excellent interpersonal skills
• Excellent presentation and facilitation skills
• Strong influential skills
• Excellent project leadership abilities
• A demonstrated commitment to high professional ethical standards and a diverse workplace
• Ability to adapt to a fast paced continually changing business and work environment while managing multiple priorities

WORK ENVIRONMENT/OTHER INFORMATION (Travel required, physical requirements, on-call schedules, etc.)
• Minimal travel required
• Work in clean, pleasant, and comfortable office setting
• The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Please Note: TriNet reserves the right to change or modify job duties and assignments at any time. The above job description is not all encompassing. Position functions and qualifications may vary depending on business necessity.

TriNet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants based on race, religion, color, disability, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), age, veteran status or other legally protected characteristics. Any applicant with a mental or physical disability who requires an accommodation during the application process should contact recruiting@trinet.com to request such an accommodation.

LI-RG1",3.3,"TriNet
3.3","Fort Mill, SC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
254,Principal Data Scientist - eCommerce Modeling - Visa Predictive Models,"$97k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As the world's leader in digital payments technology, Visa's mission is to connect the world through the most creative, reliable and secure payment network - enabling individuals, businesses, and economies to thrive. Our advanced global processing network, VisaNet, provides secure and reliable payments around the world, and is capable of handling more than 65,000 transaction messages a second. The company's dedication to innovation drives the rapid growth of connected commerce on any device, and fuels the dream of a cashless future for everyone, everywhere. As the world moves from analog to digital, Visa is applying our brand, products, people, network and scale to reshape the future of commerce.

At Visa, your individuality fits right in. Working here gives you an opportunity to impact the world, invest in your career growth, and be part of an inclusive and diverse workplace. We are a global team of disruptors, trailblazers, innovators and risk-takers who are helping drive economic growth in even the most remote parts of the world, creatively moving the industry forward, and doing meaningful work that brings financial literacy and digital commerce to millions of unbanked and underserved consumers.

You're an Individual. We're the team for you. Together, let’s transform the way the world pays.

We are currently seeking an energetic and passionate principal data scientist to drive analytical projects and to ensure that Visa Predictive Models deliver the world-class quality that our clients have come to expect.

The Visa Predictive Models team is responsible for building and maintaining consumer behavior and risk models to solve business problems for Visa’s clients. We work with one of the richest payment and consumer behavior data sets in the world. So if you like digging through mounds of complicated data, creating insightful attributes and building AI for prediction then you need to apply to this team!

The team closely collaborates with other analytic stakeholders to clarify the business problem in order to determine the most appropriate analytic approach that provides meaningful results to customers. Responsibilities include projects on time and within scope with an in-depth knowledge of big data and cutting edge data mining techniques as well as the use of predictive, classification, machine learning and alternate analytic algorithms for modeling and segmentation.

The successful candidate will be based in either Arlington, VA or Foster City, CA.

Responsibilities:

· Perform model validation for newly developed eCommerce models, generate performance analysis, interpret and present validation and model governance results to non-technical audience.

· Compile complex predictive model packages for production deployment; support model installations, and monitor and calibrate production models

· Define financial and analytic metrics to measure development and production outcomes and produce performance reports and dashboards

· Develop the next generation eCommerce modeling

· Propel analytic product development via conducting statistical analyses on various data sources; and add values to products by being innovative and applying the analysis

· Support sales and marketing efforts with sound statistical and financial analysis; execute ad-hoc analyses to meet the fast-changing market demands

· Develop business requirements and appropriate statistical analysis/prototypes to meet critical business needs

· Work on cross functional teams and collaborate with internal and external stakeholders

· Promote big data innovations and analytic education throughout the Visa organization

Basic Qualifications

· Master’s Degree in a quantitative field, such as Statistics, Mathematics, Operational Research, Computer Science, Economics, or Engineering

· 6+ years of working experience in a predictive modeling, data analysis or data visualization function

Preferred Qualifications

· Strong communication skills to work with internal and external clients

· Proven ability of handling multi-tasks in a dynamic environment

· Attention to details and problem-solving skills

· Candidates with a PhD in a quantitative field, such as Statistics, Mathematics, Operational Research, Computer Science, Economics, or Engineering preferred

· Hands-on experience with deep learning preferred

· Experience with Spark (Scala or Python) preferred

· Past marketing modeling experience in financial industry preferred

· Experience with Agile methods and tools (Jira, Git, Jenkins & Artifactory) for the production deployment of software or predictive models preferred

Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.",3.8,"Visa Inc.
3.8","Arlington, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1958,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
255,Principal Data Scientist,"$93k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference.

Summary

Principal Data Scientists will work with key R&D leaders to extract insight from complex clinical, translational and real-world data. They will have the opportunity to work on complex data science problems including modeling techniques to interpret, infer and recommend based on insights from data.

Responsibilities

Formulates, implements, tests, and validates predictive models and implements efficient automated processes for producing modeling results at scale.
Creates robust models based on statistical and data mining techniques to provide insights and recommendations based on large complex data sets.
Presents stories told by data in a visually appealing and easy to understand manner.
Contributes to the development of junior data scientist by providing mentorship and coaching as well as developing training curriculum for the broader organization.
Responsible for collaborating with cross functional teams, including but not limited to, clinicians, data scientist, translational medicine scientist, statisticians, and IT professionals.
Proactively builds partnerships with specialist functions and global counterparts to maximize knowledge and available resources.
Manages and coordinates limited resources to produce quality deliverables within timelines for competing priorities.
Acts as a resource/mentor to study team members - both internally and externally.

Requirements

Ph.D. in quantitative sciences (computer science, math, statistics and engineering), preferred
+6 years experience in healthcare or pharmaceutical is preferred but not required
Strong knowledge of programing languages, with a focus on machine learning (Python, Spark, R, Tensorflow, Sagemaker, etc)
Ability to summarize technically/analytically complex information for a non-technical audience
Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment with good interpersonal, communication, writing and organizational skills.
Outstanding technical and analytic skills, proficient at understanding and conceptualizing business problems and implementing analytic or decision support solutions

Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.

Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.",4.1,"Bristol Myers Squibb
4.1","Princeton, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,1858,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
256,Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist,"$75k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our team Our team is looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML). The selected Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist will support a U.S. Government customer who is applying new and innovative methods in computer vision and object detection in order to address some of our most pressing intelligence problems.

Maxar is looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to join our team in Northern VA. The selected Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist will support a U.S. Government customer who is applying new and innovative methods in computer vision and object detection in order to address some of our most pressing intelligence problems.

Life with Us

Your Career: Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer
everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its
disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor and/or a mentor to set
appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be supporting an R&D, rapid prototyping office whose mission is to apply new and cutting-edge tools and methods to intelligence problems. This office loves innovators, self-starters, and people passionate about our nations security.

These AI/ML applications and experiments are used to:
Extract meaningful insight.

Narrow search areas.

Tip/cue.

Find rare objects.

Predict vulnerabilities.

Encouraging further analytic exploration.

Reducing the friction of flawed workflows.

Youll collaborate with our geographically dispersed team primarily via Zoom & Slack.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a current/active TS/SCI security clearance with Polygraph.

Bachelors degree in a relevant field (physics, mathematics, computer science, operations research, etc.).

5 years of relevant experience with Data Science and Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.

Experience with Data Science Tools (eg R, Python, SAS, Matlab, TensorFlow).

Experience with applying Data Science techniques to overhead imagery - ie; computer vision, object detection.

Preferred Education and Experience:
Experience with NoSQL databases.

Ability to provide subject matter guidance.

Ability to manage personal project priorities and deliverables.

Ability to provide controls for technical rigor and quality of output.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
257,Data Scientist,"$72k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Research and Sciences

Qualifications:

Embark on a career putting innovative, reliable, and agile products and ideas into orbit, and beyond. Northrop Grumman has opportunities waiting for you that play a vital role in human space exploration, national defense, and scientific discovery, supporting multiple programs across the universe. With us, you'll discover a culture of curiosity and collaboration that will have you Defining Possible from the day you start. Our space systems connect and protect millions of people on earth every day, now and for the future. Explore your future and launch your career today.

Northrop Grumman Space Systems is seeking a Data Scientist This position will be located at Hill AFB, UT and will support the Ground Subsystems Support Contract (GSSC) program.

The successful applicant will:
Develop and implement artificial intelligence and machine learning models to solve complex data problems
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools
Merge and transform big datasets to ensure data integrity and usability
Develop a process to maintain quality and performance of statistical models and quickly identify enhancements opportunities
Communicate advanced concepts and information in an understandable manner for audiences of varying levels of competency
Maintain an up-to-date knowledge of technology trends
Properly document code, artifact description, implementation, and use cases
Be an eager and fast learner
Work on a fast pasted collaborative team in an agile environment
As a full-time employee of Northrop Grumman Space Systems, you are eligible for our robust benefits package including:
Medical, Dental & Vision coverage
401k
Educational Assistance
Life Insurance
Employee Assistance Programs & Work/Life Solutions
Paid Time Off
Health & Wellness Resources
Employee Discounts
This position's standard work schedule is a 9/80. The 9/80 schedule allows employees who work a nine-hour day Monday through Thursday to take every other Friday off.

UTSpace",3.8,"Northrop Grumman
3.8","Hill AFB, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,1939,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
258,Marketing Data & Analytics Manager,-1,"_Race Winning Brands_* _(RWB) is an accumulation of independent businesses, each with market leading brand recognition that sells primarily pistons, and other engine related components into the Automotive and Powersports markets (high-performance racing, motorcycles, all-terrain vehicles, snowmobiles, personal watercraft, etc.). The companies are market leaders in manufacturing highly engineered engine components on their respected fields._
As a Marketing Data & Analytics Manager on the Race Winning Brands Marketing team, you will be responsible for the reporting needs for national & International marketing campaigns (digital & traditional), global marketing budgets and product marketplace reporting. Within Race Winning Brands, we rely on insightful data to power our brands, platforms and product marketing campaigns. The Marketing Data & Analytics Manager will spearhead the management and focus on the reporting of all key Race Winning Brands Marketing data initiatives across our digital platforms, products, traditional media and marketplace channels and brands on a consistent basis. S(He) reports on a multitude of digital platform performance, marketing brand performance, product performance and departmental project & expense reporting to synthesize data into easy to understand reports and ensure on-time quality controlled delivery creating trust in our reporting. Technical marketing product data management such as digital photos, size and weights also will be managed by this position. Marketing Data & Analytics Manager will initially manage one other report.

The ideal candidate will have the reporting and understanding of how to utilize technology and systems to pull and report on data. As S(He) mines, works with our data, we will rely on them to ask questions, connect the dots, and simplify in order to drive efficiency and increase bandwidth. This position interacts regularly with team members across the global Race Winning Brands team to deliver reporting and results.

To be considered, candidates must apply directly on our website at: https://workforcenow.adp.com/mascsr/default/mdf/recruitment/recruitment.html?cid=4230ed5b-30d3-4fde-a028-60033fbc8287&ccId=19000101\_000001&jobId=344279&source=CC2&lang=en\_US&selectedMenuKey=CareerCenter

Key Responsibilities
Owns all data reporting subject matter and acts as the expert for multiple internal stake holder initiatives, owning the completion and distribution of various monthly reporting deliverables (i.e., campaign analyses reporting on brand KPIs, standard reports and dashboards, scorecards, etc.)
Ability to accurately use data/information in the form of easy to use reporting that tell a clear, concise, and compelling story that enables stakeholders to make a more informed decision
Intellectually curious with an interest in what drives people’s perceptions, opinions, beliefs, attitudes, and behaviors
Partners and collaborates with a cross-functional team of technical and analytical partners
Provides ad hoc reporting and works for internal stake holders as needed
Obsesses with leveraging data and reporting to make the Race Winning Brands Marketing team more efficient and effective
Ability to manage the accurate capture of essential technical aspects of key product attributes
Willingness to manage, motivate and quality check direct report
Qualifications:
Degree in accounting, or related discipline OR an equivalent combination of education and work experience
5 years of experience in fast paced accounting environment
Proficiency with data reporting and manipulation
Flexible thinking and problem solving that enables quick resolution to unique challenges
Attention to detail with a focus on high-quality output that ensures reporting accuracy
Experience with Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe Analytics
Comfort working in a dynamic, data-oriented group with creative department interactions
Must be eligible to work in the United States without company sponsorship
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Analysis Skills: 3 years (Preferred)
Accounting: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Mentor, OH (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Company's website:
www.RaceWinningBrands.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Race-Winning-Brands/247999209084956
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.0,"Race Winning Brands
2.0","Mentor, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
259,Senior Data Scientist,-1,"Formation provides personalization for the largest enterprise businesses in the world. We work with high-volume data streams and apply Data Science to bring individualized multi-step promotions to customers. Our Data Science Team is transforming the relationships between Fortune 500 companies and their customers.

You'll work in small teams with a common goal: create excellent data science solutions anchored in a culture of quality, customer focus, and growth.

As a Senior Data Scientist at Formation you will work in an agile environment to prioritize and test hypotheses using principles of rigorous experimental design. You understand that Data Science is an expansive area and no line of code is written until you have clearly defined the problem, methods, and definition of done. Your guidance on causal inference, machine learning techniques, and work prioritization will be sought by other team members. You will contribute to process documentation, and methodology design and review. You will create platform architecture specifications as you work with Engineering and Product Management to integrate Data Science processes into the product platform.

You understand that bugs, inadequate processes, and less than ideal code are part of building a startup. You welcome the challenge of solving these kind of problems while building a great product with the Data Science team.

You will report to the Manager of Data Science.

Key Responsibilities:
Work with Solution Architects and Customer Success to determine how to best apply Formation's product to client use cases
Explore and understand unfamiliar data-sets with tools such as Apache Spark and AWS Athena
Determine metrics and conduct power analysis to determine the feasibility and design of experiments
Implement processing pipelines to clean and process source data
Present experimental methodology and results to Fortune 500 clients
Work with Engineering and Product to standardize and integrate DS workflows into Formation's product
Provide mentorship and prioritization of DS work to junior Data Scientists
Skills and Experience:
Minimum 5 years experience as a Data Scientist, or 3 years experience as a Data Scientist at a startup
Proficient with the Python scientific ecosystem, Apache Spark, and SQL
Have foundational software engineering skills such as bash scripting, version control, and continuous integration
Have worked with job schedulers such as Apache Airflow
Knowledge of experimental design and analysis of results
Understand common concepts related to e-commerce, e.g. lifetime value, net incremental revenue, and churn
Machine learning proficiency with a focus on recommender systems and supervised learning techniques
Experience with optimization techniques such as constrained linear optimization and contextual bandits
Experience in customer onboarding and long-term customer engagement
Experience participating in talent screening and interviewing
About Formation:

Formation distills complex customer data into uniquely tailored experiences; we orchestrate physical and digital exchanges into one seamless journey. Our business is building lasting, trusted relationships between people and brands—and making it look easy.

We're already reaching millions of people a day, and we're just getting started. Our founding leadership is equal parts business, design, and engineering—because we believe differing perspectives + passionate discourse achieve the greatest outcomes. We give our whole selves. We love learning new things.

Formation is committed to inclusion and diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. You will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

If you're up for the challenge of a lifetime, we're looking for outstanding talent to join our team.

Benefits:

Among our many benefits:
100% medical, dental, and vision
Discretionary PTO policy in addition to 11 paid holidays per year
401K
Commuter Benefits",2.8,"Formation
2.8",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
260,Lead Data Scientist,-1,"Our mission is to make the best mental health tools radically accessible for everyone.

We are pioneers in building personalized digital mental health tools to help millions of people with mental health difficulties. We are building a suite of regulated, prescription only digital therapeutics as well as a sophisticated delivery platform capable of responding to the lived experience of our users.

Our tools are powered by the latest research in NLP and ML, use scientifically proven techniques from Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and are based on 10 years of intervention science at Stanford University. Our founder has an international reputation in Digital Mental Health intervention development. And our Chairman is Andrew Ng; and Dan Jurafsky is a member of our advisory board, both globally recognized leaders in AI/NLP.

There has never been a better time to use your data science skills for good. Given the recent acceleration in infrastructure to allow for the meaningful adoption of DTx, our strong product reputation and existing relationships within health systems, Woebot is in a period of explosive growth. We are looking for a product-minded data scientist to continue to create value for our users, customers, and execute on our IP strategy.

What you will do:

As a leader in the Product team, you will work cross-departmentally with clinical and engineering team members to build machine learning and AI algorithms that are the core of Woebot's intelligence. There are four areas we want you to own and drive:

Drive An Insights & Analytics Culture
You will help create data analysis and analytics pipelines that improve not only the underlying ML algorithms but also the product and the user's experience.
You will lead a team of Analysts and be responsible for good data driven hygiene, including the creation, redesign, and maintenance of analytics dashboards and BI tools such as BigQuery, Google Data Studio, or Tableau.
You will also advise on data labeling strategy so that Woebot's conversational engine is continuously improved and informs changes in features, content, and UX.
Improve User Personalization:
Woebot exchanges 4.7 M messages with our users every week. You will create & lead a data-driven personalization strategy for this audience.
We consider personalization to be key for developing a relationship over time while delivering precision interventions, that is; the right method to the right person at the right time.
Contribute To Evidence:
In the next 6 months, you'll help Woebot develop evidence & trends to demonstrate the value of our highest priority products.
You're helping answer the most pressing questions in the mental health field around engagement, dose, and treatment outcomes.
In partnership with our Clinical team and academic partners, we expect you to contribute to our pipeline of peer-reviewed published research.
In addition to some platform-related pieces, you will lead publication in Data Science and HCI research.
What Your First 90 Days Could Look Like
By Day 30 - Assess the lay of the landscape & team - and make suggestions around in house analytic tools, dashboard and strategies.
By Day 60 - understand the roadmap with our founder and reverse engineer our tailored interventions. Deliver a prioritized list of roadmap items.
By Day 90 - Submit your first publication. Execute on a plan for improving user outcomes with our analytics and ML.
Role Specific Competencies:
PhD in Data Analysis or ML/AI or computational field with 8-10+ years of applied experience
Knowledge of one or more modern ML/NLP frameworks, such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, or Keras
Track Record of publishing in peer reviewed academic literature
You've led and managed other analysts and data scientists.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
What you will add to our culture:
Strong work-ethic: Works hard to get a job done.
Proactive & flexible: Able to hit the ground running, takes responsibility for finding a way to get the job done.
Empathic: Place a high value on user-experience, are a team player motivated to help others be successful.
High standards: Applies high standards toward everything.
Humble: You want to learn and grow in the role, and are open to feedback on how to do that.
What we offer:
Competitive Salary
Stock Options
Flexible PTO
Health, Dental & Vision
Healthy Snacks & Meals
Woebot is an equal opportunity employer and we deeply value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.1,"Woebot Health
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
261,"Senior Scientist, Molecular Biology",-1,"Directed Genomics is looking for an exceptional and experienced senior research scientist to join a rapidly growing, multidisciplinary team who is providing contract Research and Development services for the NGS biotech community. Directed Genomics operate in the space between a traditional CRO, and a consulting agency, providing custom wet-lab and bioinformatic solutions for startup and established biotech companies alike.

The successful candidate will be working in a collaborative, dynamic team role - at times leading a project team, and at other times as a member of a project team, comprised of other senior scientists, associate scientists, and bioinformaticians. Projects may have the candidate working as an independent researcher, or as a team member of another project group. The candidate will oversee and be a point of contact with customers and with their project teams. In addition, the candidate will participate in; proposal generation for new projects, project reporting, and delivery of final methods/reports/training as needed.

Key Responsibilities
Execute scientific collaborations/contracts with clients
Work closely with senior scientists, computational biologists, and associate scientists
Develop and optimize novel NGS library preparation methods
Conduct product development and application development experiments
Supervise and coordinate experiments and data generation
Work closely with team members to design, implement, and troubleshoot experiments critical to the group’s collective success
Troubleshoot to resolve problems and participate in new technology evaluation, development, and implementation
Document, compile, and analyze experimental data
Attend and present at team meetings to share results, plan projects and experiments, and ensure that projects support team goals
Contribute to grant and proposal writing
Contribute to the overall culture and operations of the DGx laboratory
May perform other duties as assigned, including related lab management duties
Qualifications
PhD and 4+ years of postdoctoral experience in a relevant discipline; molecular or cell biology, biochemistry or related disciplines
2+ years of laboratory experience with Next Generation Sequencing
Hands-on experience with molecular biology, specifically Next Generation Sequencing (NGS)
Hands-on experience assay design and analysis
Hands-on experience with primer design
Hands-on experience with bioinformatics tools, and unix/linux OS
Experience with applications and/or product development
Ability to solve complex problems independently and as part of a team
Candidate should be a self-motivated fast learner and an innovative and analytical thinker
Candidate should possess outstanding interpersonal and communication skills
Demonstrated track record of, and continued interest in, working as a team member in a fast-paced contract environment
Exceptional organizational and time management skills, lab notebook practices and attention to detail
Must be willing and able to develop and shift plans in service of a rapidly changing environment and troubleshoot to solve problems
To apply, please submit a cover letter and CV.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.directedgenomics.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/directed-genomics
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Directed Genomics,"Watertown, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
262,"Senior Scientist, Molecular Biology",-1,"Directed Genomics is looking for an exceptional and experienced senior research scientist to join a rapidly growing, multidisciplinary team who is providing contract Research and Development services for the NGS biotech community. Directed Genomics operate in the space between a traditional CRO, and a consulting agency, providing custom wet-lab and bioinformatic solutions for startup and established biotech companies alike.

The successful candidate will be working in a collaborative, dynamic team role - at times leading a project team, and at other times as a member of a project team, comprised of other senior scientists, associate scientists, and bioinformaticians. Projects may have the candidate working as an independent researcher, or as a team member of another project group. The candidate will oversee and be a point of contact with customers and with their project teams. In addition, the candidate will participate in; proposal generation for new projects, project reporting, and delivery of final methods/reports/training as needed.

Key Responsibilities
Execute scientific collaborations/contracts with clients
Work closely with senior scientists, computational biologists, and associate scientists
Develop and optimize novel NGS library preparation methods
Conduct product development and application development experiments
Supervise and coordinate experiments and data generation
Work closely with team members to design, implement, and troubleshoot experiments critical to the group’s collective success
Troubleshoot to resolve problems and participate in new technology evaluation, development, and implementation
Document, compile, and analyze experimental data
Attend and present at team meetings to share results, plan projects and experiments, and ensure that projects support team goals
Contribute to grant and proposal writing
Contribute to the overall culture and operations of the DGx laboratory
May perform other duties as assigned, including related lab management duties
Qualifications
PhD and 4+ years of postdoctoral experience in a relevant discipline; molecular or cell biology, biochemistry or related disciplines
2+ years of laboratory experience with Next Generation Sequencing
Hands-on experience with molecular biology, specifically Next Generation Sequencing (NGS)
Hands-on experience assay design and analysis
Hands-on experience with primer design
Hands-on experience with bioinformatics tools, and unix/linux OS
Experience with applications and/or product development
Ability to solve complex problems independently and as part of a team
Candidate should be a self-motivated fast learner and an innovative and analytical thinker
Candidate should possess outstanding interpersonal and communication skills
Demonstrated track record of, and continued interest in, working as a team member in a fast-paced contract environment
Exceptional organizational and time management skills, lab notebook practices and attention to detail
Must be willing and able to develop and shift plans in service of a rapidly changing environment and troubleshoot to solve problems
To apply, please submit a cover letter and CV.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.directedgenomics.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/directed-genomics
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Directed Genomics,"Watertown, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
263,"Senior Scientist, Molecular Biology",-1,"Directed Genomics is looking for an exceptional and experienced senior research scientist to join a rapidly growing, multidisciplinary team who is providing contract Research and Development services for the NGS biotech community. Directed Genomics operate in the space between a traditional CRO, and a consulting agency, providing custom wet-lab and bioinformatic solutions for startup and established biotech companies alike.

The successful candidate will be working in a collaborative, dynamic team role - at times leading a project team, and at other times as a member of a project team, comprised of other senior scientists, associate scientists, and bioinformaticians. Projects may have the candidate working as an independent researcher, or as a team member of another project group. The candidate will oversee and be a point of contact with customers and with their project teams. In addition, the candidate will participate in; proposal generation for new projects, project reporting, and delivery of final methods/reports/training as needed.

Key Responsibilities
Execute scientific collaborations/contracts with clients
Work closely with senior scientists, computational biologists, and associate scientists
Develop and optimize novel NGS library preparation methods
Conduct product development and application development experiments
Supervise and coordinate experiments and data generation
Work closely with team members to design, implement, and troubleshoot experiments critical to the group’s collective success
Troubleshoot to resolve problems and participate in new technology evaluation, development, and implementation
Document, compile, and analyze experimental data
Attend and present at team meetings to share results, plan projects and experiments, and ensure that projects support team goals
Contribute to grant and proposal writing
Contribute to the overall culture and operations of the DGx laboratory
May perform other duties as assigned, including related lab management duties
Qualifications
PhD and 4+ years of postdoctoral experience in a relevant discipline; molecular or cell biology, biochemistry or related disciplines
2+ years of laboratory experience with Next Generation Sequencing
Hands-on experience with molecular biology, specifically Next Generation Sequencing (NGS)
Hands-on experience assay design and analysis
Hands-on experience with primer design
Hands-on experience with bioinformatics tools, and unix/linux OS
Experience with applications and/or product development
Ability to solve complex problems independently and as part of a team
Candidate should be a self-motivated fast learner and an innovative and analytical thinker
Candidate should possess outstanding interpersonal and communication skills
Demonstrated track record of, and continued interest in, working as a team member in a fast-paced contract environment
Exceptional organizational and time management skills, lab notebook practices and attention to detail
Must be willing and able to develop and shift plans in service of a rapidly changing environment and troubleshoot to solve problems
To apply, please submit a cover letter and CV.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.directedgenomics.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/directed-genomics
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Directed Genomics,"Watertown, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
264,Data Analyst,"$44k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Join our Operations Improvement team as a Performance Improvement Coordinator with a focus on data analysis. This is a full-time position with the availability to work remotely.

Work Schedule: Typically, M-F, day shift hours. Specific hours to be discussed and agreed upon with hiring leader. In addition, there may occasionally be evening and/or weekend hours, based on business needs that arise.

Why Join Ascension?
In Michigan, Ascension operates 16 hospitals and hundreds of related healthcare facilities that together employ over 20,000 associates. Across the state, Ascension Michigan is working together to help bring patients more resources and better care. Ascension Michigan is also committed to its community; it provided over $272 million in community benefit and care of persons living in poverty in FY2018. Ascension Michigan is dedicated to spiritually centered, holistic care which sustains and improves the health of individuals and communities.
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.
Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension-Michigan, you will have the opportunity to organize and coordinate performance improvement program activities and workflow.

Responsibilities:
Collaborates with multidisciplinary team on problem identification and resolution, cost containment issues, implementation of new services and systems/ performance measures.
Researches, develops/acquires and implements improvement systems, methodologies and tools to improve operations.
Collaborates with Leaders to develop and revise screening indicators.
Provides on-site training and follow-up for performance improvement teams.
Performs regulatory documentation preparation, submission, and maintenance. Ensures compliance with regulatory and accreditation requirements.
Assists in policy, procedure and contract review process. Coordinates quality improvement initiatives.
What You Will Need

Education:
Diploma
High school diploma or GED required.
Bachelor's degree preferred in analysis areas (biostatistics, statistics, applied mathematics, epidemiology, etc)
Preferred Experience:
Experience with database setup and administration.
Understand data storage and data sharing methods.
Compile and organize healthcare data.
Analyze data to assist in delivering optimal healthcare management and decision making.
Investigate data to find patterns and trends and make recommendations for quality improvements
Understand healthcare business operations.
Fluent in coding languages, such as R or SQL.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension Michigan is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, height, weight, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, veteran status or any other legally protected status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. The information requested on this application will not be used for any purpose prohibited by law. If you require assistance or an accommodation to complete this application, please let us know.

For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
M/F/Disabled/Vet
EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf
Reasonable Accommodation
Ascension Michigan provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: reasonableaccommodations@stjohn.org. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Ascension Michigan will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.
Thank you for considering a career with Ascension Michigan.
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension Michigan participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Warren, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
265,Program Data Analyst,"$50k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: NACI (T1)
Requisition Type: Regular

GDIT is seeking a Program/Data Analyst (SAS) to support The Army Public Health Center (APHC).

APHC's mission is to: Enhance Army readiness by identifying and assessing current and emerging health threats, developing and communicating public health solutions, and assuring the quality and effectiveness of the Army's Public Health Enterprise.

This position is based in Aberdeen and is 100% remote until COVID-19 pandemic restrictions are lifted.

In this role, a typical day will include:

Development and review of study protocols, critical literature reviews, direct participation in data collection, and interpretation of study results.
Creating, managing, and assessing databases critical to the mission as well as providing internal/external customer service support.
Utilizing these databases to design studies, answer inquiries, and produce reports.
Using major medical information systems such as MSS DataMart or MHS Data Repository (MDR) Composite Health Care System (CHCS) or AHLTA.
Performing analytical and inferential statistics to include risk ratios, odds ratios, ANOVA, T-test, chi 2, correlation, non-parametric tests, regression and logistic regression, and survival analysis.
Fluency with computerized database management and statistical software programs, particularly SAS, SPSS and R coding and database management.
Identifying critical outcome measures, both morbidity and mortality based, for the evaluation of the effectiveness of public health programs.
Comparing outcome objectives for disease prevention and health promotion programs which will enable comparison with other applicable benchmarks.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors of Science Degree in Public Health or related field
4+ years’ experience in healthcare related field and experience
Statistical software program experience required
US Citizenship
NACI(T1) Clearable

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Master's Degree in Public Health related field w/1+ years' experience in healthcare related field and experience
Familiarity with a variety of the field’s concepts, regulations, standards, practices and procedures, pertaining to Environmental Public Health
SAS Statistical software program experience preferred

#GDITPriority

#MilitaryHealthGDITJobs

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.6,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.6","Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
266,Machine Learning Engineer,"$65k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description
This role will be part of our Applied Data Team and will be responsible for providing Machine Learning Engineering support.
Tasks & responsibilities required of this role include but are not limited to:
Construct machine learning models including data collection, normalization, and standardization, data pipeline construction, model selection and hyperparameter tuning, working ml systems that can add new data into ml model.
Create apps to present ml models and host them in the cloud or locally.
Create pipelines to query and retrieve and update data for existing applications to keep them updated
Supervise the scaling and management of the machine learning modeling ecosystem
Find orthogonal data sets to supplement models and increase alpha
Stay abreast of new technology and machine learning methodologies and implement them into the model building architecture
Work alongside (re)insurance domain experts to improve predictive aspects of their lines of business
Requirements:
3+ years of demonstrative excellence in building, scaling, and productizing machine learning models
Experience working with sparse, high dimensional, and time series data
Python ml stack
Experience dealing with imbalanced classes
Deep Learning Architectures
ML Optimization Techniques
Cloud Services: Azure, AWS, Google Cloud
Distributed systems: Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark
Databricks
Ensemble Stacking and Meta Learners
Classification and Regression Metrics
Regularization Methods
Version Control
Quant trading experience welcome but not required
Kaggle ranking of expert or higher a plus",3.5,"TransRe
3.5","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
267,Big Data Analyst BSLEP7,"$44k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings requires the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel.
Through the use of effective “big data” technologies and solutions, CBP ensures that the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure. In response to this challenge, ManTech, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified and versatile data analysts to facilitate data-driven decision making in response to national security threats.
The primary objective of the data analysis team is three-fold: 1) Support the development of predictive models via the identification of behaviors and attributes that inform illicit activities; 2) Provide on-demand analysis to support emergent operational needs; and, 3) Develop performance dashboards and artifacts to inform resource allocation, justify requirements, and support statutory reporting mandates.
In all three areas, data analysts must be capable of transforming large volumes of raw data, both structured and unstructured forms, into mission-focused insights that enhance understanding of mission performance, workload, and/or behavioral trends (i.e., strategic, tactical, and operational insights). Analysts may be called upon to support a diverse array of initiatives involving complex queries in support of network analysis, entity resolution, threat research, visualization, and impact assessments.

The strongest applicants will engage in highly dynamic, threat/risk driven operating environments. They will bring a proven track record of working with decision support tools and applications operationally employed by mission-support entities. Within three to six months of joining the project, we expect analysts will:
Master relevant data schemas, reference data, joining conditions, and relationships of existing databases, as well as associated warehouses and data marts, involving trade, travel, national security, and law enforcement data.
Conduct exploratory analysis demonstrating: a refined understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of the underlying data; a willingness to explore non-traditional data sources and evaluation methods; and a clear link to mission need.
Construct query code as well as run, save, edit, optimize, and document queries using SQL and other languages including Spark to extract mission-critical insights.
Design, develop and deliver analytic artifacts such as dashboards, scorecards, and structured Excel reports that: support executive-level, at-a-glance findings; empower non-technical users to explore user-specific equities (e.g. PowerBI); and/or provide detailed information informing operational outcomes.
Assess validity, accuracy, completeness, consistency, and uniformity of data as well as develop mitigation steps and processes to address data quality issues in support of clean data.
Translate findings (e.g. mission impacts, limitations of findings/ analytical confidence, analytical methods and techniques employed) to clearly articulate the “so what” within the context of mission performance to technical and non-technical audiences in the form of written reports and in-person briefings.
Engage internal and external stakeholders in a professional and informed manner to collect analysis requirements and ensure alignment of expected outcomes.
Integrate with, and materially contribute to, portfolio teams as a matrixed resource to provide data analytics expertise in support of modeling, ad hoc query support, or performance assessment initiatives in collaboration with data scientists, intelligence analysts, developers, and other participants under the direction of a project manager.
Applicants should note that while some formal training exists to support building knowledge of missions and the implementation of data-driven solutions, but much of the knowledge must be gained through on-the-job training and individual initiative. Technical knowledge is insufficient to achieve effectiveness in this operating environment; expertise must be enhanced with rapid acquisition of mission knowledge and demonstrated commitment positive mission outcomes. Therefore, we seek self-starters who are capable of independent exploration and knowledge acquisition, willing to develop informal support networks, and with an appreciation for the immense challenge of safeguarding the Nation’s borders.

BS Degree in a related technical fields (Computer Science, Math, Statistics, etc.)
Hands on experience working with data-mining, analysis or statistical software such as R, Matlab, SAS Enterprise Miner, SPSS Modeler, or SQL Developer for data analysis
Hands on experience with at least one of the following technologies: Hadoop eco system, including HDFS, YARN, Cassandra, Hive, Pig, and Spark
Hands on experience with Batch-oriented and streaming distributed processing methods such as Nifi, Spark, Kafka, or Storm
Hands on experience with distributed search engines like Elasticsearch or Solr
Conceptual understanding of – and/or prior experiences related to – data profiling, fuzzy matching, entity resolution, and signal detection theory (specifically with respect to SD theory: designing and improving upon systems that monitor, minimize, and balance false positive and false negative outcomes)
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with programming languages such as Java, Python, and SQL
Unix / Linux experience
Experience working in field of entity resolution, analytics, data mining or name matching.
Delivering solutions using Amazon Web Services (e.g., AWS EC2, RDS, S3)
Experience with Javascript frameworks like Angular, React and JQuery is a plus
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI)

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
268,Innovation Applied Data Scientist,"$60k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Responsibilities:

Noblis is positioned to provide subject matter expertise (SME) on emerging threats, data analysis, and algorithm development to decision makers in the CWMD office and DHS components using information obtained from distributed sensor network capabilities, open source reporting, and other sources.

If you are interested in this exciting opportunity to help develop and advance DHS’s new approach to countering WMD, we are actively seeking to identify personnel to join our team of talented professionals who possess the experience, vision, commitment and integrity to successfully support the strategic goals of DHS CWMD by assisting with the fulfillment of the office’ policy and strategy requirements as DHS’s CWMD focal point as an Innovation Applied Scientist for CWMD. Responsibilities include:

Responsibilities:

Develops and incorporates novel algorithms and methods for complex, large-scale data analysis in coordination with operational/analytic end-users within and outside of DHS CWMD.
Provides applied science technical advice and analytic support to the management of external pilot projects developing new systems, algorithms, and technical approaches.
Researches new technical approaches for application across the CWMD mission portfolio.
Client Engagement: · Support and lead evolving business development efforts by applying technical and functional expertise to develop business solutions. · Lead proposal sections for small or limited competition proposals and actively participate in teaming strategy discussions Qualifications:

Qualification:

Has 7-10 years of experience and a (B.A./B.S) or 3-10 years and a (M.A./M.S) in natural or physical sciences, engineering, computer science, mathematics, statistics, or related fields.
Qualifying experience must be in the natural or physical sciences, engineering, computer science, mathematics, statistics, informatics, or related fields.
Experienced with Providing technical advice and analytic support to the management of external pilot projects developing new systems, algorithms, and technical approaches.
Experience developing, or evaluating the development of, systems, algorithms, and approaches for complex large-scale data analysis across a range of different types of data.
Secret Clearance is required.

Desired:

Preferred Specialized Experience: Considerable professional experience in the natural or physical sciences, engineering, computer science, mathematics, statistics, informatics, or related fields.
Advanced education, knowledge, and capabilities in, but not limited to, mathematics, statistics, computer science, modeling and simulation, software engineering, and signal processing.
Advanced education, knowledge, and capabilities in, but not limited to, mathematics, computer science, statistical and probabilistic modeling, and advanced analytic software such as Matlab and SAS
Overview:

Noblis and our wholly owned subsidiary, Noblis ESI, are solving difficult problems that help our government and our country. We bring the best of scientific thought, management, and engineering expertise with a reputation for independence and objectivity. We support a wide range of government and industry clients in the areas of national security, intelligence, transportation, healthcare, environmental sustainability, and enterprise engineering. Learn more at Noblis -About Us

Why work at a Noblis company?

Our employees find greater meaning in their work and balance the other things in life that matter to them. Our people are our greatest asset. They are exceptionally skilled, knowledgeable, team-oriented, and mission-driven individuals who want to do work that matters and benefits the public.

Noblis has won numerous workplace awards. Noblis maintains a drug-free workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.",3.9,"Noblis
3.9","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1996,Nonprofit Organization,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
269,Data Scientist / Quantitative Research,-1,"Overview

PicnicHealth is all about making medical records easy to access and using data to power the next frontier of medical research. We work directly with patients to give them the only tool anywhere that truly provides all of their medical records from any doctor or healthcare system in the USin an easy-to-use, secure online dashboard. Not only that, but patients can choose to contribute their incredibly important data to scientific research, which helps researchers accelerate breakthroughs in care. To date we've helped tens of thousands of patients, partnered with some of the world's largest biopharma companies, and raised more than $35M from Felicis Ventures, Amplify Partners, Foresite Capital, Refactor Capital, and Y Combinator.

It's an exciting time to join the PicnicHealth team - we just announced our Series B raise and are growing quickly in revenue, partnerships, and people. We 3x'd our ARR two years in a row now and on track to continue this trend, building partnerships with over a dozen Life Sciences groups, including 3 of the top 6 Biopharma firms in the US. We're going through a period of hyper-growth - we tripled the size of the team in the last 18 months and we're looking to at least double over the next year. We have a collaborative and engaged team culture that is mission driven and excited about the technology we're building and real solutions we're offering patients.

The Opportunity

At PicnicHealth, Data Scientists on the Quantitative Research team are responsible for translating, assessing, and augmenting our Real World Data (RWD) to develop actionable insights and evidence for our life science partners. We're seeking an experienced data scientist to join the team to deliver bespoke analytics, create internal and customer tools, and develop predictive models to improve our research data product.

As a Data Scientist on the Quantitative Science team you will:
Use PicnicHealth's large, multi-disease multi-modal real-world dataset to answer critical clinical questions;
Become a subject matter expert on our data and its capabilities. Lead technical initiatives that further our understanding of RWD and methods to generate real-world evidence;
Transform real-world clinical data into actionable insights using data analytics, robust statistical methods, and compelling data visualizations accessible to a wide range of end-users;
Work with a cross-functional team to define and clarify analytic requirements, develop analysis plans, ensure data quality standards, and create publication-ready methods and results;
Conduct research to assess our data quality, identifying gaps and proposing solutions.
Develop and manage relationships with external partners (including life science companies, regulatory agencies, academic institutions, and health technology assessment bodies) to advance the integration of our analytic products, including through peer reviewed scientific publications.
Must haves:
At least 4 years of industry experience in a quantitative/statistical position in the life sciences industry
You hold a degree in a quantitative discipline, such as biostatistics, epidemiology, applied statistics, health economics, or a related discipline
Advanced experience with R (tidyverse) and preferably have built an R package before
You have some training in statistics
You are familiar with command line tools
You have experience working with medical data, longitudinal EMR data, and/or data ontologies (OMOP, etc.)
You are an excellent communicator, both oral and written, and can effectively adapt your tone, content, and approach to diverse audiences
Ability to work independently, and experience leading the development of analytical features
You love working with data and have experience exploring it with a critical and thoughtful eye
You are self-motivated, flexible, proactive, and professional
You enjoy coming up with elegant and innovative solutions to challenging problems
You know how to balance attention to detail with execution against tight timelines. You are passionate about our patient-centric mission to improve healthcare for all
You'd be an amazing candidate if you had some/any of the following:
You've built an interactive data visualization app using the shiny package
You have advanced experience with with SQL
You have strong experience in statistics or biostatistical methods
You have a track record of producing scientific publications
Why join PicnicHealth?

At PicnicHealth you get to solve real problems with real solutions, great tech, and great people.

You also get:
Competitive salary
Comprehensive benefits including Health, Dental, Vision
Flexible time off
401k plan
Parental leave
Free PicnicHealth account
Equipment and internet funds while we're working remotely during COVID-19
Due to COVID-19, currently all roles are remote until at least until January 2021.

Equal Opportunity Statement

PicnicHealth is committed to promoting an inclusive work environment free of discrimination and harassment. We value a diverse and balanced team where everyone can belong.",4.8,"PicnicHealth
4.8","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
270,Software Data Engineer,-1,"_Do you love building *world-class software*? Do you enjoy *tackling challenges head-on *and digging into technology stacks to solve problems? _

_Are you *passionate about writing high-performing code* that scales well? _

_Do you want to be part of a collaborative team that thinks differently? _

If so, we need you to be our *new Software Data Engineer.* The Software Data Engineer is a vital member of our tech team, working across the software development life cycle to bring us high-performing and scalable software solutions.
Who We Are: *Spire Collective is a team of creators on a mission to help people enjoy their lives. We accomplish this by thinking differently about product design and being a little obsessed with continuous improvement - for ourselves, our team, our products, and our customers. Founded in 2009 as a bootstrapped team of 1, we have developed into a growing company with a current team of around 20. It all started with StoreYourBoard, our award-winning product design and eCommerce brand, creating and delivering the products that help outdoor-enthusiasts around the world make time for adventure. With our headquarters just east of Charlottesville in Troy, VA, we’ve built a culture around shared core values such as always improving, thinking differently, and “do it in-house.” Join us on our journey to becoming a globally recognized brand!
Who You Are: * An innovative self-starter with a passion for technology and a keen interest in eCommerce. You excel in a smaller, collaborative team, owning your area and stepping up to the challenges that come with it. A successful candidate will bring a growth-oriented mindset and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced and ever-changing entrepreneurial environment.
The Opportunity*: The Software Data Engineer will be our in-house Python development and data engineering expert. You will lead the upgrade and customization of our Python-based inventory management software, Odoo, to support our operations as an eCommerce business. You will design and implement data pipeline workflows using Apache Airflow to process company data. To be a successful candidate, you excel at synthesizing business priorities with development projects to bring the right solutions to fruition.
Key Responsibilities: *
As the lead developer on a major project to upgrade and customize our Python-based inventory management software (Odoo), you will develop, test, and debug a critical system for our Team
You’ll be responsible for translating our user and business needs into functional Odoo modules using Python, JQuery, PostgresSQL, and XML
You’ll maintain and customize Odoo add-ons, implementing new features, creating customized reports, and building new functional business modules
You’ll design and implement data pipeline workflows using Apache Airflow to process company data
Working closely with our Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, you’ll implement cloud-based Machine Learning platforms to refine our demand forecasting capabilities
Upon completion of these projects, you will operate as our Odoo and Data Platform subject matter expert, maintaining and continuously improving these systems
You’ll have the opportunity to grow into full-stack web application development with a variety of languages which support our internal tools, store front, marketing, fulfillment, customer service, and data analytics functions
You’ll design, develop, test, and deploy new software platforms, tools, and features
You’ll write understandable, testable code with an eye toward maintainability and scalability
You’ll collaborate with the tech team to produce software solutions that meet functional requirements, work well, and are delivered on time
You’ll defend the integrity of the codebase, never compromising on code quality
You’ll become a domain expert in eCommerce by working closely across functional teams and a variety of stakeholders
You’ll promote constant refactoring while developing features or touching existing code to keep the codebase as clean as possible
You’ll learn and adapt continuously to modern technical excellence practices and techniques
You will lead high-impact projects in analyzing available data to develop actionable insights into systems and software performance
You’ll take initiative towards exploring new technologies, identifying opportunities and new practices that positively impact our success
You’ll maintain extensive documentation and create knowledge artifacts in your area of responsibility
Your Qualifications: *
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or relevant equivalent experience
Minimum 4 years’ experience in back end software development
Significant experience with Python development
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems
Experience coding with PHP, MySQL, Javascript, HTML, and CSS
You Also Bring: *
Strong expertise in Python and SQL
Concrete understanding of object-oriented design and programming
Demonstrated ability to integrate multiple data sources/databases into one system
Solid experience of design principles behind a scalable application, data structure, and API version controlling systems
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to work both independently and as part of team
High level of attention-to-detail and excellent organizational skills
Bonus Points: *
Technical and functional knowledge of Odoo (formerly called OpenERP) modules and features
Some experience working with the Vue.js Javascript framework
Experience programming, scheduling, and monitoring workflows using Apache Airflow
Experience as a full-stack developer for an eCommerce company
To Apply: * Apply directly with your cover letter and resume; let us know why you would be an awesome candidate for this opportunity!
For more information about Spire Collective, our products, and our team, visit *our website (www.spirecollective.com)*, LinkedIn company page, and glassdoor page.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
software development: 4 years (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B visa status)?
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"Spire Collective
4.4","Troy, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Sporting Goods Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
271,Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst,"$50k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Blending customer advisory, customer support, and customer experience, Carousel’s supercharged Customer Success Obsessed mission goes beyond any one IT function. Rather, it’s a mindset, a mantra, and a company-wide drive to bring extreme technology value to Carousel customers—so they can bring value to theirs.
With deep expertise across a vast portfolio of technologies, including security, unified communications and collaboration, data center, networking, managed services, and cloud solutions, Carousel can design, implement, and support solutions tailored to meet the unique needs of each customer. By offering professional and managed services with flexible deployments in the cloud, Carousel ensures customers achieve agility and use technologies in the way most effective for their business.
A legion of 1,300, the Carousel team has been committed to the art of customer success for its more than 6,000 highly satisfied customers since 1992. The company has been recognized by multiple publications and industry consortiums as a top technology integrator and managed services and cloud solution provider—including the Inc. 500/5000, Healthcare Informatics 100, and CRN MSP Elite 150. Headquartered in Exeter, RI, the company has offices across the United States and internationally—with three Network Operations Centers. To learn more, visit CarouselIndustries.com.

Position Summary:
The Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for leveraging large quantities data to assist executives, business partners, and operations teams to make data-driven decisions. This position will focus largely on sales operations data defining data relationships (inclusive of off-system spreadsheets), data mining and data modeling which will be the basis for actionable intelligence dashboards and reports. The Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst will utilize their experience to explore data, applying statistical techniques, and designing sales dashboards and reports that provide value to the company and its operational leaders. This role will collaborate with all Business Systems Teams and business subject matter experts to deploy a robust reporting universe that is streamlined and transparent. The Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst will report to the Vice President of Business Intelligence and join a highly agile cross-functional team that leads some of the most critical projects for the Business Intelligence department and Carousel Industries as an organization.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Commitment to the Sales Organization to develop and deliver analytical reports that support and enable actionable intelligence to achieve strategic and operational goals.
Provide descriptive data analysis, and creative problem-solving using SQL programming language
Lead projects regarding data exploration, relationship management and data-driven story telling
Ability to create practical, actionable plans that are coherent and understood by stakeholders
Partner with Business Systems teams, business leaders, and functional groups to provide actionable intelligence regarding operational effectiveness and revenue growth
Gather, manipulate, and explore large datasets to test hypotheses and extract useful insights
Create and manage reporting, data narratives, and analytics deliverables for the CI Governance board and committee
Build innovative data models, reports and dashboards
Troubleshoot data conflicts and inconsistencies through data mining and collaboration with the business teams
Evaluate and develop data monitoring reports to provide further insight into process and change management
Develop roadmaps with proposed solutions from an end-to-end perspective
Partner with clients to promote evidence-based decision-making and devise action plans that influence behavior changes
Investigate and create trend analysis models to promote operational effectiveness

Qualifications:
B.S. in a quantitative field required.
Prior experience and expertise with Salesforce strongly desired.
Experience in financial and/or sales driven data modeling is a plus.
Experience with Microsoft Power BI and SNOWFLAKE cloud data warehouse preferred.
Minimum of 3 years related experience.
Demonstrated advanced analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills.
Attention to detail and ability to deliver and support a quality service experience.
Demonstrated experience with industry report writers such as Einstein Analytics, Business Objects, Power BI, SSRS, Tableau or other BI reporting solutions.
Prior experience with CRM, ITSM and ERP reporting preferred.
Experience with writing/updating (SQL) queries.
Strong problem-solving skills.Superior verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to organize and prioritize concurrent projects.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively.
Create, maintain, and optimize reports, including SQL statements, views, functions, and stored procedures.
Effectively gather requirements and design new reports, troubleshoot, research, and correction of reports and database objects requiring review.
Accurately estimate effort for requested custom reports.",3.1,"Carousel Industries
3.1","Exeter, RI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1992,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
272,Data Scientist - DAB,"$83k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that I agree with Takeda’s Privacy Notice, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

Job Description

Are you looking for a patient-focused, innovation-driven company that will inspire you and empower you to shine? Join us in our Cambridge, MA office.

At Takeda, we are transforming the pharmaceutical industry through our R&D-driven market leadership and being a values-led company. To do this, we empower our people to realize their potential through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, we offer stimulating careers, encourage innovation, and strive for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our global teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world.

Here, you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission.

For the Takeda global scientific community who aspire to deliver transformative medicines to patients Scientific Informatics is the technology leader, with domain specific expertise, that provides innovative platforms and technologies to improve both operational efficiency and data-driven decision making. As an embedded partner Scientific Informatics is at the leading edge of both science and technology and proactively reacts to the changing scientific environment and needs of researchers in an agile fashion to deliver timely, value-adding solutions.

The Digital Advisory Board programs aim to ensure our growing data is easily accessible to everyone so we can help our patients and HCPs faster and more effectively.

Rare Disease Early Diagnosis

Rare Disease Early Diagnosis - Accelerate rare disease patient early diagnosis through best-in-class enterprise-level advanced analytics and digital tools leveraging key external partnerships.

We will help patients discover what’s wrong with them sooner and bring them out of the unknown and into the right treatment faster. We will bring relief by helping them discover what is wrong with them at the earliest time possible.

Although there have been advances over recent years, awareness and diagnosis of rare and chronic diseases continue to lag. It can still take up to 10 years to get a diagnosis.

We will explore emerging technologies and establish partnerships with great minds within Takeda and across the healthcare industry to reduce that time for diagnosis.

OBJECTIVES/PURPOSE

Independently perform complex analysis using modern Data Science techniques against structured or unstructured data and report results back to generate insights to Takeda.
Apply machine learning, deep learning and other advanced techniques while performing Data Analysis engagements. This is against structured and un-structured data sets, at small and large scale.
Provide mentorship to other Data Engineers, Data Scientists and Data Specialists across R&D and Vaccine at Takeda as we elevate our data IQ across the organization. This will include coordination of Internal and External collaborations.
Deliver critical analysis against Takeda’s toughest data problems to give us critical insight to the organization’s largest questions.

ACCOUNTABILITIES

Perform machine learning, deep learning and other advanced data techniques at a level of quality that can be defended by peers at a PHD level across the organizations.
Introduce novel and state-of-the-art computational techniques to other teams and scientists to improve capabilities for data analysis with the purpose of deriving high accuracy insight from available datasets more efficiently.
Understanding and usage of different Supervised and Unsupervised learning techniques, their biases, how and when to apply them and which methods are the best for a particular analysis.
Ability to wrangle raw data sets into a format that can have advanced methods applied against the resulting data.
Work independently on tough problems with other team members and independently solve, with some guidance, very difficult technology and data problems.
Demonstrates advanced tooling and techniques to other technical organizations throughout the company

CORE ELEMENTS RELATED TO THIS ROLE

Provide leadership and expertise to best construct data and execute analysis for feature detection, retrospective and predictive modelling, within a complex R&D and Vaccines environment.
Understanding of Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Re-enforcement learning and other techniques to be able to use and teach these methods inside the organization.
Ability to stay up to speed on modern data techniques, understand how to apply them and constantly demonstrated how and where to apply these new methods.
Ability to produce analysis for and defend results to PhD and executive level audience across the organizations
Design, Execute, QC and Deliver Data Science Analysis independently and effectively across the organization

EDUCATION, BEHAVIOURAL COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS

Master’s Degree or PhD in Computer Science, Data Science or equivalent
3+ years’ experience or a PhD and relevant project / coursework
Expertise with the Application of Machine Learning and / or Deep Learning
Up-to-date specialized knowledge of data wrangling, manipulation and management of technologies
Experience with Spark
Ability to manipulate voluminous data with different degree of structuring across disparate sources to build and communicate actionable insights for internal or external parties
Possesses strong personal skills to portray information
Ability to work in an agile and rapid changing environment with high quality deliverables
Experience with two of the following languages: Python, R, Java or Scala
Experience with deep learning frameworks: TensorFlow, MX Net
Working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL datastores
Experience in a scientific environment

Locations

Cambridge, MA

Worker Type

Employee

Worker Sub-Type

Regular

Time Type

Full time",3.7,"Takeda Pharmaceutical
3.7","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1781,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
273,"Scientist III, Pharma R & D","$27k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Scientist III develops and executes formulation strategies related to product development, such as project planning, experimental design and data evaluations. The Scientist III applies technical expertise and has knowledge of various formulation development approaches. Demonstrates leadership and experience in the area of pre-formulation, formulation and process development of immediate and modified solid dosage, Topicals (cream,gel), Oral liquid and /or Transdermal. The position reports to a Manager/ Principal Scientist as described in the current organization chart of the department.

Essential Functions:
Develops formulation strategy and designs experimental plan, formulation and process development work for oral controlled release and immediate release dosage forms, Topicals, (cream, gel), Oral Liquid, and Transdermal products.
Responsible for selection of raw materials, packaging components and process requirements based on sound scientific principles.
Reviews analytical and clinical data and makes scientific conclusions.
Writes and reviews protocols and batch records for process development and evaluation work, scale up and pivotal batch manufacturing.
Creates and reviews technical documents, reports and presentations for cross functional teams. Writes Modules of ANDA's for submission.
Maintain Design history files for combination products. Develop design and development plan.
Keeps updated on cGMP and current technologies.
Additional Responsibilities:
Provides scientific and technical direction to junior staff members (scientists I, II, technicians & operators) to ensure project deadlines and performance standards are met.
Identifies, analyzes and suggests corrective actions to optimize R&D processes, technologies and regulatory compliance issues.
Equipment: Becomix, Tube filler, Transdermal and liquid manufacturing equipment.
Reviews Junior Scientist work.

Qualifications

Education:
A Master Degree (MS/MA) in Pharmaceutical, Chemistry or related technical field is preferred
A Bachelors Degree (BA/BS) in Pharmaceutical, Chemistry or related technical field is required.
Experience:
3 years or more experience with a Master Degree in development of Pharmaceutical Dosage Forms is required.
5 years or more experience with a Bachelors of Science in development of Pharmaceutical Dosage Forms is required.
Skills:
Must have knowledge of Pharmaceutical product development and manufacturing process. - Intermediate
Must be precise and consistent in day to day developmental work, easily trainable and ready to learn. - Intermediate
Must be able to effectively communicate reports, problems or issues, verbally as well as in writing. - Intermediate
Must have good oral and written communication skills. - Intermediate
Must be able to work in a team environment and be flexible to easily adapt to changes in assignments. - Intermediate
Must follow safe practices as defined by the SOP's and MSDS. - Intermediate
Must be willing to work extended hours as and when required. - Intermediate
Strong interpersonal skills and maintaining cooperative working relationships with others. - Intermediate
Managing multiple projects, duties and assignments. - Intermediate
Specialized Knowledge:
Must possess in depth knowledge and trouble shooting skills with Wurster Bottom Spray Fluid Bed Processors from lab scale to Commercial scale.
Must possess expertise with the use and optimization of extrusion and spheronization manufacturing techniques.
Must have a good understanding of complex modified release dosage forms.
Must Possess in-depth knowledge of the operation and troubleshooting skills for various lab scale equipment to production scale equipment: including Blenders, granulators, planetary mixers, fluid bed dryers, fluid bed coaters, incubators, mills, vibrorotatory sifters, encapsulation equipment (Manual to fully automatic), tablet presses and tablet coaters, roller compaction, packaging.
Works independently once assignments and responsibilities are outlined and delegated. Effective in oral and written communication skills at all levels and cross functionally.

Primary Location: US-NJ-Piscataway
Work Locations: Piscataway 49 49 Colonial Drive Piscataway 08854
Job: Research & Analytics
Organization: Scientific Affairs
Schedule: Regular
Shift: Standard
Employee Status: Individual Contributor
Job Type: Full-time
Job Level: 1st Shift
Travel: No
Job Posting: Dec 4, 2019, 10:41:34 AM",3.1,"Amneal Pharmaceuticals
3.1","Piscataway, NJ",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2002,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
274,Senior Food Scientist,"$94k-$152k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Food Scientist *
We’re looking for a Product Developer/ Senior Food Scientist who thrives on the excitement of developing and innovating natural syrup products and contributing to project teams that are re-shaping the product portfolio.

YOU are a passionate product developer with a history of successful launches. Your background includes formulation experience across multiple manufacturing processes, ingredient types, and product lines. You have a strong understanding of flavor chemistry and can create amazing flavor combinations. You prefer to work in a high-energy, collaborative product development environment where you can take initiative. You’re practiced at taking new product ideas from concept through commercialization.

You’re the type of person who moves easily from project to project. You are a ‘go-to’ for development of natural flavor systems and ingredient functionality. Your “can do” attitude, relationship-building talent, and engaging communication skills make you an effective partner in and outside of Torani.

Look out a year from now: You’re being recognized as one of our most innovative contributors. You’ve developed an “out-of-the-box” formulation for a new natural syrup that exceeded expectations. You have become the anchor of the syrup cultivation team.
SUCCESS FACTORS (FIRST 12-18 MONTHS) *
_Overall _

 *New Products*: You have renovated and commercialized one product line and key line extensions at target cost, on time, and on trend. You’ve delivered amazing, customer-preferred, easy-to-use flavor with simple, natural ingredients.

 *Formula Renovation*: You have used your bench skills to improve existing products to beat competition in preference taste tests.

 *Collaboration*: Strong relationships are in place across the organization and with external partners, as demonstrated by the successful, smooth launch of new products and integrated ways of working with partner functions. You are a leader on the R+D team.

 *Project Management: * Your project management excellence is evident through fulfillment of your product plans and milestones. You are a go-to product development expert and go between line extension, cost optimization, and flavor improvement initiatives. You are detail oriented and can stick to set timelines.

 *Expertise: * Has brought synergistic technical expertise to enhance our capabilities, and has helped us deliver the more natural, simple profiles that have expanded our product portfolio and grown our new product business.

 *Has a little fun along the way! *
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS & ATTRIBUTES: *
 Bachelor’s Degree in food science or related discipline, Master’s preferred
At least 7 years of relevant, progressive experience in beverage or flavor product development
 Successfully developed consumer-preferred, delicious products with no artificial ingredients
 Experience developing products from concept to commercialization, including: Writing and documenting formulas and specifications, Calculating costs, Conducting plant trials Positive collaboration with internal and external manufacturing partners
 Implemented test protocols for sensory and shelf life studies
 Demonstrated experience in applied flavor chemistry
 Practiced with working in product data management systems (eg Oracle PLM or similar)
 Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects well
 Live in SF Bay Area or willing to relocate at own expense
 Eligible to work in US without sponsorship (now & in the future)
 Proficient in Word, Excel, and Outlook

Torani is one of the fastest growing and dynamic specialty food companies in the Bay Area. Perhaps you’ve been wondering if there’s a right company fit, where you might combine your deep expertise with purposeful work. If your core beliefs and values resonate with “Flavor for All, Opportunity for All”, we hope you’ll feel the spark. We’re dedicated to bringing our superb portfolio of natural flavorful products to people of diverse needs and incomes. And while our legacy of team and community focus started quietly in our passion for people development, it will flourish with B Corp certification. Torani is recognized as one of the most fun, friendly and warm companies you’ll come across.
_*_
_*_*

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Oracle: 1 year (Preferred)
Excel: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft Word: 1 year (Preferred)
Communication Skills: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft Outlook: 1 year (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative",3.5,"Torani
3.5","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1925,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
275,Operations Strategic Data Analyst - Healthcare,"$54k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Operations Strategic Data Analyst embraces complex, disparate data sets and leading technologies – including Amazon Web Services, Redshift, Alteryx, and Tableau – to design data models, craft scoring methodologies and develop algorithms that inform the leaders of our business on our performance. This individual will be working directly on Healthfirst strategic initiatives to identify solutions that have visibility at the highest levels of the company.

Duties & Responsibilities:

Operate with intellectual curiosity and critically assess existing processes and procedures to identify opportunities for improvement
Develop complex analyses requiring the integration of multiple data sources, evaluation of data quality, and standardization of data to consistent format/structure
Create advanced queries and reports that extract data to support business teams’ needs, including working with nesting tables and temp tables and writing multiple conditions against varying data sets)
Summarize and present data outcomes, recommendations, and methodology to analytics leadership, department leadership, and enterprise stakeholders
Learn, adopt and leverage leading analytical tools and technologies to further the maturity of departmental analytics at-large which may include the development of procedures in Amazon Redshift, workflows in Alteryx, or other solutions as required
Hold oneself accountable for the accuracy, completeness, quality, and relevance of deliverables in order to own responsibility for work product and consider these factors in the end-to-end analytical process, from data gathering to analysis to formatting and presentation
Employ best practices in documentation, coding style and comments to facilitate persistence, re-usability, and scalability of your solutions
Document and escalate data issues as appropriate
Exhibit collaborative attitude, willingness to work with others on data projects that included working team(s) made of cross departmental/interdisciplinary users
Additional duties as assigned

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution or equivalent relevant work experience
Working experience exhibiting strong critical thinking and analytical skills
Advanced MS Excel skills that include creating pivot tables, macros, utilizing v/h lookups and/or VBA
Familiarity with writing SQL (and/or SAS) queries for analyzing data and establishing business rules and requirements
Familiarity with relational database structures, theories, principles and practices
Familiarity with data models and/or data modelling
Ability to understand the data life-cycle within the organization and its impact on the business
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment
Ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing while demonstrating good grammar, spelling and punctuation skills
Work experience requiring meticulous attention to detail

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Sciences, Engineering, Business Analytics, Informatics, or similar concentration
Experience working with SQL in a professional environment
Experience with Alteryx, Tableau, Amazon Redshift, QlikView, or other similar tools/platforms
Familiarity with statistical principles, such as standard deviations, normal distributions, and regressions
Familiarity with Python and/or R
Familiarity with healthcare data
Balances working independently with an understanding of when to escalate with questions/issues
Ability to work effectively with both business and technical stakeholders

Compliance & Regulatory Responsibilities: N/A

License/Certification: N/A

WE ARE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. Applicants and employees are considered for positions and are evaluated without regard to mental or physical disability, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected Federal, State/Province or Local status unrelated to the performance of the work involved.

If you have a disability under the Americans with Disability Act or a similar law, and want a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to careers@Healthfirst.org or calling 212-519-1798 . In your email please include a description of the accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a position within Healthfirst Management Services will be reviewed at the e-mail address and phone number supplied. Thank you for considering a career with Healthfirst Management Services.

EEO Law Poster and Supplement",3.1,"Healthfirst
3.1","Lake Mary, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
276,Data Engineer - RPA,"$61k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","BRMi Technology is seeking a Data Engineer - ETL/PEGA to support a large client in the Northern Virginia area. This data engineer will be responsible for supporting Information System Division and the enterprise to deliver a personalized member experience, unify inbound and outbound member marketing, orchestrating experiences across channels, and make our clients marketers & ISD more efficient. The PEGA implementation will help streamline disjointed and manual campaign development processes.

The Data Engineer will support the ETL development for feeding Pega cloud application with 700+ member and account data elements.

Required:

• Extensive experience in engineering and designing data integration and delivery solutions using Informatica Power Center, SQL, and Unix /Shell scripts.
• Experience with SSIS in Azure Cloud is a huge plus.
• Experience with Azure Data Factory.
• Experience with Azure Data Factory and Data Bricks.
• Excellent written and oral communication skills
• Hands-on experience creating automated data integration applications using data models, data mappings and business rules specifications, to load data warehouses, operational data stores, data marts, and data lakes while programmatically handling exceptions including late arriving, missing, or erroneous data.
Desired:

• Experience using Informatica PowerExchange CDC
• Ability to interpret complex mainframe copybooks, XML data feeds
• Experience configuring and using APIs
• Proficient in the data ingestion pipeline process, exception handling, and metadata management on Hadoop platforms.
• Advanced degree in MIS, computer science, statistics, marketing, management, finance or related field
• Experience providing technical and data leadership to the application development terms, IT and the enterprise.
• Prior experience in the Financial Industries and large banks
** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.**
**This is a W2 opportunity only**
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.",4.3,"BRMi
4.3","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
277,Data Engineer,"$69k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Engineer will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture. The ideal candidate is experienced at data wrangling, enjoys data systems, and enjoys building things from the ground up. The data engineer will support the analytics teams at our client’s site by creating processes and programs to ingest the many unstructured files we receive, transform the data into a standard form and load it into the ecosystem. The right candidate will be excited with the prospect of optimizing and redesigning the client’s data architecture for the next set of data initiatives.
Use tools to build processes to extract, transform and load data from multiple sources
Assemble complex data sets that meet business requirements
Identify, design and implement processes to automate manual processes
Create structured datasets from unstructured data from multiple sources
Experience working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
QUALIFICATIONS
3-5 years of experience with SQL query language plus experience creating complex queries
3-5 years of experience with Hadoop; specifically, Hive, HiveQL and HDFS
3-5 years of experience building processes supporting ETL work
1-3 years of experience building and optimizing big data pipelines and data sets
1-3 years of experience with programming languages: Python, Scala, PySpark
Strong Analytical skills
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Information Systems or some other related field
OneMagnify powers business performance for its clients with actionable analytics, compelling marketing communications through brand strategy, and technology solutions for companies here and around the world. We think that’s pretty cool, making us an exciting place to work. But there is so much more to this employee-centric company. For example, it’s all the fun and important things we do—like our charitable giving team program, summer poker walks, quarterly cake day and, of course, the creative client solutions we deliver daily. It all stems from a culture of caring—for each other, our clients and the world around us.

OneMagnify is an equal opportunity employer.
OneMagnify is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.7,"OneMagnify
4.7","Dearborn, MI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1967,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
278,Data Engineer,"$42k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Cadent powers the evolution of TV brand advertising. We provide marketers, agencies, operators, and media owners with data-driven solutions for buying and selling TV advertising. By connecting brands with opportunities across national inventory sourcescable, broadcast, and digital mediaour technology improves efficiencies and boosts the results of linear, addressable, and cross-screen campaigns.

Right now we are looking for a self motivated Data Engineer to join the team responsible for ingesting, processing, and distributing the data used by Cadent's data-driven business systems. This position will work directly with our Data Science, Business Intelligence and Software Development teams to produce these systems.

About you:
You have a strong aptitude for querying data sets from heterogeneous sourcesboth structured and unstructured
You have commercial experience with both distributed systems, e.g. Hadoop and Spark, cloud ecosystems like AWS and Azure, and traditional relational database systems
You have a conceptual understanding of advanced numerical programming and will be able to verbalize the story of the data in business terms.
You can easily work with a diverse team to achieve a common goal
What you will do:
Process unstructured data into a form suitable for data consumers
Create data pipelines from various data sources through the different data lake zones to make data available for query and reporting
Collaborate with data scientists on data selection, preprocessing and formatting for analysis
Collaborate with software development teams to productize analytical tool prototypes
Collaborate with business stakeholders and third parties to improve external data sources
Support business decisions with ad hoc data analysis as needed
Actively participate in architecting Cadent's Data Lake solution.
Your education and experience:
B.S. or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field
3 years of commercial development of efficient and robust ETL and data processing workflows
2 years of commercial experience with AWS or Azure ecosystem and Spark programming
Experience with AWS S3, Glue, Athena, Lambda, EC2 desirable
3 years of commercial experience programming in a functional programming language such as Scala and/or an object-oriented programming language such as Java/C#/Python
Commercial experience with relational database management systems and SQL queries
Demonstrable analytical and quantitative numerical programming experience
Good presentation and communication skillsvisual and verbal
Experience working in both Unix/Linux and Windows environments is a plus.


If the leading edge of media technology is the place you want to be, please contact us today and let's start the conversation!

/CADENT/ is an EOE M/F/D/V. We do not work with 3rd Party Staffing Agencies.

]]>",2.9,"Cadent
2.9","Philadelphia, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
279,Quality Control Scientist,-1,"Position Summary:

The Quality Control Scientist will provide oversight of contract analytical labs and manufacturers. This includes, review of analytical data from release and stability studies and review of method validation protocols and reports. The candidate should have a strong understanding of cGMPs and relevant ICH and FDA regulatory guidelines. Prior hand-on experience working in a QC lab and thorough understanding of root cause analysis for investigations is required. This position will interact and work closely with cross-functional teams, including, manufacturing, quality assurance and regulatory.

Responsibilities:
Review analytical data packages generated during GMP release/stability testing of drug substance and drug product at the contract manufacturing sites
Assist in investigations and formulate a plan to identify/confirm root cause for anomalous results
Write and/or review method validation and transfer protocols and reports
Write and/or review protocols and reports related to stability studies as well as prepare tables summarizing results from stability studies
Track and trend release and stability data for batch analysis and shelf life establishment
Initiate change control for internal specifications and regulatory documents
Evaluate and perform risk assessment for change control documents provided by the contract manufacturing sites
Manage reference standard program for drug substance, impurities and degradants
Qualifications:
B.S. or M.S in analytical chemistry or related scientific disciplines with 5+ years of experience in analytical development with minimum of 3+ years of experience in quality control
Skills, Knowledge & Abilities:
Hands-on proficiency and problem-solving skills with chromatographic techniques e.g. HPLC, UPLC and GC. Familiarity with mass and UV/VIS spectroscopic techniques is an advantage
Prior experience in interacting with contract labs and manufacturing sites is a plus
Hands-on experience with method validations and transfers in support of pharmaceutical manufacturing
Proficiency in performing root cause analysis for investigation
Experience with iStability software is a plus
Passion for learning, creating, relating, communicating, and leading cross functional teams
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience in a start-up environment preferred
Must be pro-active team player, flexible, and open to change
Working Conditions: Will work from the Company's San Francisco Bay Area office, with additional travel as required to oversee the virtual development and manufacturing network (estimated at 25%).

Physical Demands and Work Environment:

This is largely a sedentary role; however, some filing is required. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand on a stool as necessary.

This job operates in a professional office environment and routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.

Benefits and Perks:

Apellis offers a great benefit package which includes: health insurance with full premium coverage, 401K with company match, paid time off (PTO), long- term disability insurance, life insurance and more! Visit http://apellis.com/careerbenefits.html to learn more.

Company Background:

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel therapeutic compounds to treat disease through the inhibition of the complement system, which is an integral component of the immune system, at the level of C3, the central protein in the complement cascade. We believe that this approach can result in broad inhibition of the principal pathways of the complement system and has the potential to effectively control a broad array of complement-dependent autoimmune and inflammatory diseases.

Visit http://apellis.com/about.html to learn more.

EEO Statement:

Apellis is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state and local fair employment practices laws. Apellis strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex (including pregnancy), gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender or transsexual individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, genetic information, marital status, AIDS/HIV status, smoker/nonsmoker, and occupational pneumocononiosis or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state or local law.

Other Duties:

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

#LI-BE1",3.9,"Apellis
3.9","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
280,Senior Scientific Data Analyst (CDC COVID-19 Response Support),"$67k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular

GDIT is hiring Senior Scientific Data Analysts to provide support to the Epidemiology Task Force: Ongoing COVID-19 Response Support. Due to the recent events caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the CDC Epidemiology Task Force is responsible for identifying and tracking COVID-19 cases, spread and containment. The COVID-19 Epidemiology Task Force Response is critical to accomplishing the CDC’s mission and goals during the COVID-19 pandemic. This position will give support across several teams within the task force.

A scientific data analyst has the necessary education and work experiences to effectively provide data analysis, data management, and data visualization support to the task force. These roles are supporting enhanced COVID-19 surveillance efforts and epidemiological studies. Successful candidates will be at an intermediate to advanced coding level in SAS or R (both is preferred).

RESPONSIBILITIES (vary with years of relevant experience and education):

Monitor data submissions from research study partners
Provide data cleaning and management support for research studies and surveillance platforms
Ensure the security and confidentiality of analytical data files and provide data file documentation describing the scientific data source.
Manage epidemiological and laboratory data by using SAS or equivalent statistical package (e.g. R)
Familiarity with data management software packages (e.g. R, REDCap, Microsoft Access, Excel, EpiInfo, STATA, etc.)
Conduct analyses including frequencies, longitudinal data analysis, and univariate and multivariate modeling techniques (linear regression, logistic regression, generalized linear models, and survival analysis)
Perform data quality assurance activities, including identifying and resolving any inconsistencies in data flow, data outside legitimate ranges, and illogical data responses
Manage data stored in a variety of file formats such as SAS datasets, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, SQL, and ASCII files
Manipulate and transform data that are stored in a variety of file formats
Explore the use of data visualization platforms (e.g. R, Power BI, mapping software) to quickly summarize study findings
Support data visualization activities (both for hypothesis generation and to share data with the response) in order to develop communication materials such as data sets, slide sets and summary reports
Work on ongoing basis to improve and automate code
Conducts weekly data cleaning and generate weekly error reports
Database management and upkeep as well as complete ad hoc data requests
Determine sampling methodologies to implement if case counts exceed certain thresholds, characterize surveillance back-fill to help with real-time interpretation of data
Compile individual-level data submitted from multiple external partners in diverse data formats and merge with laboratory testing results from CDC or contract laboratories
Track completeness and quality of data over time
Prepare summary tables and descriptive analyses of results on a regular basis
Create and modify SAS (or other) programs used for data management and create documentation for programs describing their functions and associated processes and output
Support the design, development, and implementation of surveillance tools to collect epidemiologic data
Communicate analytic results to internal CDC staff and external partners in a clear, concise and timely manner
Assist researchers in developing analytical programs in SAS or R and assist researchers in determining the appropriate statistical techniques to apply to their analyses

QUALIFICATIONS:

Required Skills and Experience

Bachelor’s degree with 4+ years relevant experience; or Masters degree and 2+ years (preferably a M.S. in statistics or mathematics,, or MPH with a concentration in Epidemiology or Biostatistics)
Capable of high level programming in SAS and/or R for data analysis, data visualizations, and data management

Desired Skills and Experience:

Recent CDC experience
Experience on an outbreak response in any capacity

#GDITpriority

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.6,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.6","Atlanta, GA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
281,Data Architect/Scientist,"$86k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Member of Technical Staff – DATA ARCHITECT / SCIENTIST
US, Home Office

US Citizen or Permanent Resident

Wind River

In a world increasingly driven by software innovation, Wind River is pioneering the technologies to accelerate the digital transformation of our customers with a new generation of Mission Critical AI Systems in an AI-first world with the most exacting standards for safety, security, performance, and reliability. Success will be determined by our ability to innovate with velocity and sell at the solutions level.


ABOUT THE OPPORTUNITY

Wind River Systems is seeking an experienced high-performing senior software engineer for a position developing a hybrid cloud-based data analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence platform.

The successful candidate will join a highly skilled development team delivering internal and external tools and technologies across a complete analytics driven DevSecOps platform, pioneering many new industry leading capabilities.

This is a data science all-rounder role. The core purpose of the role is to build models to improve the product, the customer experience and ultimately the business.


Interface & Collaboration

The successful candidate will collaborate with development and customer facing teams to ensure high levels of intuitive usability and product quality.

Responsibilities
Conceive, devise, create, implement and fine tune data science models to solve a range of development and systems problems
Help devise and layout a high-quality infrastructure, upon which future data science can flourish
Help up skill other analytical team members into advanced data science techniques
Produce ad hoc analyses
Deliver cloud analytics solutions across a wide portfolio of class-leading products, in many industry verticals.
Extract data from development tools like Gitlab, Jenkins, JIRA, and many more.
Extracting data from real devices in the labs and the real world – planes, trains and automobiles
Develop new user interfaces and reporting options for these tools
Ensure security of all data
And let's be honest, a whole load of data wrangling!


ABOUT YOU

Core Competencies, Demonstrated Success & Qualifications
BSc / MSc degree (Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering) or equivalent work experience
US Citizen or Permanent Resident
Blend of technical expertise and soft skills including business acumen, decision making, well developed oral and written communication skills
Demonstrable skills in SQL, Python and R
Data science models (K-means, random Forrest, neural nets, etc.)
Strong foundational knowledge in stats and mathematics
Experience converting data models into products for real customers
Experience with Nifi / Kafka / Postgres / Hadoop / Linux
Familiarity with Real Time Operating Systems (RTOS)
Experience in autonomous systems development is a plus
3+ years of experience of big data analytics
6+ years working in software development arena",4.1,"Wind River
4.1","Seattle, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
282,Data Analyst,"$38k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Big Huge Games is looking for a qualified Data Analyst to help provide data insights to our games teams and upcoming BHG titles to assist them in making successful strategic and game direction decisions. This role works closely with our Product and Design teams to structure quantitative questions, gather player data, employ statistical methodology in analysis of the data, and construct insightful reporting and visualizations to communicate those results to the wider team.

Responsibilities
Provide reports and monitoring tools to assist team in daily game health assessment
Perform in-depth analysis of game metrics to inform and support both short and long-term product direction decisions
Communicate the results of analyses to the product team, game studio, and outside partners through data visualization and presentations
Qualifications
3-5 years experience with querying large complex data sets with SQL on relational databases
Several years experience performing quantitative analysis preferably with a games, web, or technology focus
High level of proficiency in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Excel, or equivalent
Passion for problem solving, from generating insightful questions to research, through presentation of results and follow-on steps
Track record of success working in fast-paced environments with shifting priorities and deadlines
Ability to work in both individual and team settings
Excellent organizational, communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills
Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or another quantitative field
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

About Big Huge Games:

Big Huge Games is a small, passionate team led by experienced game development veterans, proudly located just north of Baltimore, MD, who are excited about the rise of touchscreen platforms. We believe in hiring talented team members who enjoy working in a fun and positive environment.

The company was founded in March of 2013 by Brian Reynolds (Civilization II, Rise of Nations, FrontierVille) and a group of longtime collaborators. Big Huge Games is dedicated to ""Finding The Fun"" through rapid prototyping and a focus on great user experience.

In July 2015 we launched our first game, DomiNations, which was awarded “Editors Choice” in the app store and continues to be successful with audiences across the globe. In 2016 we were acquired by our publisher, Nexon, and now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary, allowing us the stability of a larger studio but the feel of a smaller, indie game team.

Our goals are simple: Make great games, strive to always be improving, and live up to the motto you gotta have fun to make fun.

This a full-time position onsite at our studio in Timonium, MD.
Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID19 positions will begin remote before transitioning to onsite.

Applicants should download DomiNations on iOS or Android and be prepared to discuss the game.",4.9,"Big Huge Games
4.9","Timonium, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
283,"Clinical Lab Scientist - $2,000 Sign On Virtual Hiring Event","$18-$29 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Edward-Elmhurst Health Virtual Hiring Event!

Event Details
Date: Friday, October 9, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Phlebotomist - $500 Sign On

Outpatient Care Tech - $500 Sign On

Lab Processing Tech - $500 Sign On

Clinical Lab Scientist - $2,000 Sign On

Intake Details:

Requirements

Phlebotomist/Lab Processing Tech/ Outpatient Care Tech- High School Diploma or higher

Outpatient Care Tech- Current CPR Certification BLS/American Heart Association

Clinical Lab Scientist- Associate's Degree or higher and ASCP Certification (NEW GRADS WELCOME)

ALL Positions-Valid Driver's License and Auto Insurance

Technical requirements

The interview will take place on Indeed's virtual interviewing platform. After RSVP, you will find a link in your email that will lead you directly to the video interview lobby during the event. Try to find a quiet place with good lighting and a stable internet connection.

What to bring to this event

Resume or apply to a specific job at https://www.eehealth.org/careers/

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Casual (come as you are, but please be presentable).

About Edward-Elmhurst Health

Edward-Elmhurst Health includes three hospitals — Edward Hospital, Elmhurst Hospital, and Linden Oaks Behavioral Health — and an extensive ambulatory care network that provides comprehensive healthcare to residents of the west and southwest suburbs of Chicago. Edward-Elmhurst Health provides comprehensive healthcare at more than 60 locations in the suburbs of Chicago. Our success has always been — and always will be — driven by our most talented, reliable, compassionate and skilled people, who genuinely believe in delivering top quality care to our patients and their families. At Edward-Elmhurst Health, you will also experience a vibrant culture and an atmosphere of nurturing support and leadership.

Be DRIVEN to join our over 8,000 employees, 1,700 staff physicians and 1,800 volunteers who want to provide safe, seamless and personalized care every day for our patients, our families and our communities.

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

Performs various clinical laboratory tests in one or more sections of the Laboratory in order to obtain data for use in diagnosis and treatment of disease.",3.9,"Edward-Elmhurst Health
3.9","Naperville, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
284,"Senior Director, Oncology R&D – Clinical Scientist","$80-$138 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join a Legacy of Innovation 110 Years and Counting!

Daiichi Sankyo Group is dedicated to the creation and supply of innovative pharmaceutical therapies to improve standards of care and address diversified, unmet medical needs of people globally by leveraging our world-class science and technology. With more than 100 years of scientific expertise and a presence in more than 20 countries, Daiichi Sankyo and its 15,000 employees around the world draw upon a rich legacy of innovation and a robust pipeline of promising new medicines to help people. In addition to a strong portfolio of medicines for cardiovascular diseases, under the Group’s 2025 Vision to become a “Global Pharma Innovator with Competitive Advantage in Oncology,” Daiichi Sankyo is primarily focused on providing novel therapies in oncology, as well as other research areas centered around rare diseases and immune disorders.

Job Summary:

Oversees a number of trials of a multinational program in a specific indication, i.e., multiple multinational phase II/III clinical trials; Reviews regulatory documents from cross functional, holistic perspective; Represents clinical function at meetings with health authorities; Oversees management and performance of CRO. Occasional interactions with CRO senior leadership as needed; Participates in creation of developmental and regulatory strategy in collaboration with Regulatory Affairs; Drafts clinical development plans, protocol profiles and sections of key submission documents; Point of contact for interactions with regulatory-agency clinical reviewing divisions on clinical matters; Supports marketing in developing a commercial strategy include biomarker strategy; Represents Clinical Development as Global Clinical Lead or as Team Leader (ITL-ISTL).

Responsibilities:

Study Strategy: For Phase 2 and Phase 3 registrational studies: Provides the strategic direction to BD&O for EDC, edit checks, data quality listings, SAP, DM plan, Reviews patient population and protocol compliance for consistency with study strategy, Develops biomarker strategy in collaboration with Translational Medicine, Collaborates with external KEEs to refine study plans; Prepares and participate in regulatory agency meetings, if applicable; Defines study strategy across clinical trials within an indication or project; Attends EOP2 meeting and represents clinical/TMCP.

Study Planning and Execution: Clinical Study Lead (CSL) for large Phase 3 registrational study(ies); Develop prospective contingency plans for management of key risks in a large study or project; Clearly define study priorities and high level execution plan, communicate to members of study team within sponsor, CRO and vendors; Ensure clear and effective lines of communication and decision-making process cross-functionally and cross-regionally; Facilitate team coordination.

Study outputs: For Phase 3 studies: Drafts responses to IRBs and HA, Collaborates with Translational Medicine to ensure appropriate biomarker, PK / PD measurements, Reviews emerging clinical data regularly, Leads dose-escalation meetings, Performs quality assessment with delivery lead e.g. review TLG before DBL, and quality check of data, Works with BD&O to ensure SAP updates; Interact with Key External Experts (KEEs) to validate interpretation of study results; Present results to regulatory agencies during pre-submission meetings; Interpret study results in context of other studies in the project and other drugs used for the indication.

External collaboration: Develops and leads Ad-Board with top tier KOLs for project level strategic advice; Develops and leads steering committee for Phase 3 registrational study; Consults with KOLS for advice on complex development or safety issues.

Scientific, Program related: Integrated Study Team (IST) representative or IST leader on study team; Responsible before senior management for the creation and execution of development strategies for program/s under IST; Obtains cross-functional alignment ; Leads development and execution of Product Development Plan and clinical development strategy; Leads Integrated Project Team (IPT) working closely with Global Project Management to ensure cross-functional coordination and focus to agreed strategy; Coordinates clinical activities across the project; Represents IPT to Sr. Management.

Additional non-study related activities: Provides input on KEE selection for Therapeutic Area; Reviews content to be shared with KEEs; Frequent involvement in Business Development activities for late stage compounds; Involvement with in-licensing and acquisitions on due diligence activities; Major contributor to portfolio decisions.

Qualifications: Successful candidates will be able to meet the qualifications below with or without a reasonable accommodation.

Education/Experience:

Master’s degree; PharmD, PhD, or equivalent; Postgraduate training in TA or related specialty, or equivalent, desirable

9+ years with PharmD, PhD and relevant clinical experience
12+ years with Master’s degree and relevant clinical experience

Daiichi Sankyo, Inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.1,"Daiichi Sankyo, Inc.
3.1","Basking Ridge, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,1899,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
285,Immunohematology Laboratory Scientist (3rd Shift),"$17-$28 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Versiti, our focus is uncompromising quality while cultivating an inclusive community of unwavering stewardship. We save lives together.

Under the direction of the Manager of Immunohematology Reference Laboratory, this role performs advanced immunohematology testing on clinical and research specimens for the resolution of serologic problems.

Duties & Responsibilities: **
Handles and processes specimens, ensuring proper identification.
Performs serologic and molecular tests according to QSD/SOP on clinical, study, QC and research samples.
Performs primary and secondary review of test results and provides feedback to ensure accurate reporting of results.
Operates laboratory equipment correctly and perform quality control testing on equipment and reagents. Knows acceptable levels of performance.
Adheres to all required FDA, AABB (American Association of Blood Banks),CLIA (Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act), OSHA (Occupational Safety and Health Administration), and CAP (College of American Pathology) regulations. Follows cGMP (current Good Manufacturing Practices) standards.
Maintains controlled inventories of reagents and laboratory materials.
Provides on-call and/or overtime coverage as required.
Assists in the training of new personnel and training of students.
Performs special assigned projects.
Listens, anticipates and responds to the needs of internal and external customers and strives to meet expectations.
Participates in quality and process improvement.
Communicates clearly, accurately and respectfully with customers, donors, and colleagues, ensuring that necessary information is shared.
Notifies management or other appropriate persons of problems or issues as appropriate.
Works effectively with inter or intra-department(s) and project teams to meet customer needs and organizational goals.
Supports and promotes Versiti mission and values, both at work and in the community.
Education: **
Bachelors of Science degree from an accredited college or university in Clinical Laboratory Science/Medical Technology (MLS/CLS/MT) or science-related degree with certification as a BB technologist.
MLS/CLS/MT/BB American Society for Clinical Pathologist (ASCP) certification required or equivalent. Must meet CLIA requirements for high complexity testing.
Experience: **
Minimum of one year experience working in an Immunohematology reference laboratory or transfusion service required.
Skills and Knowledge: **
Working knowledge of immunohematology and immunology theory.
Skill in the operation of laboratory equipment, instrument, computer and materials.
Effective time managing and organizational skills to perform multiple laboratory tests simultaneously.
Maintain accurate, timely records of patient information and laboratory results.
Strong detail orientation and analytical ability to evaluate and ensure accuracy of data related to laboratory results and patient information.
Effective verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to convey an understanding of factual and theoretical information and make recommendations to customers.
Effective problem-solving skills.
Ability to work independently and as a team member.
Equal Opportunity Employer. This company will provide equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Blood Banking: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
ASCP Cert. (MLS/CLS/MT/BB) (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Signing bonus
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Parental leave
Relocation assistance
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement",3.7,"Versiti Blood Centers of Illinois
3.7","Aurora, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
286,Statistical Methodology/Sr. Principal Data Scientist,"$146k-$230k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference.

Statistical methodologists/Sr. Principal Data Scientist will work with key R&D leaders to extract insight from complex clinical, translational and real-world data. They will have the opportunity to work on complex data science problems including modeling techniques to interpret, infer and recommend based on insights from data.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Formulates, implements, tests, and validates predictive models and implements efficient automated processes for producing modeling results at scale.
Ability to manage multiple engagements with partners and start ups in the field of data science.
Leads cross-functional ideation sessions including hackathons and datathons for the R&ED and GDD organizations
Contributes to the development of junior data scientist by providing mentorship and coaching as well as developing training curriculum for the broader organization.
Responsible for collaborating with cross functional teams, including but not limited to, clinicians, data scientist, translational medicine scientist, statisticians, and IT professionals.
Proactively builds partnerships with specialist functions and global counterparts to maximize knowledge and available resources.
Manages and coordinates limited resources to produce quality deliverables within timelines for competing priorities.
Acts as a resource/mentor to study team members - both internally and externally.

Requirements:

Ph.D. in quantitative sciences (computer science, math, statistics and engineering)
8+ years experience in healthcare or pharmaceutical is preferred but not required
Strong knowledge of programing languages, with a focus on machine learning (Python, Spark, R, Tensorflow, Sagemaker, etc)
Ability to summarize technically/analytically complex information for a non-technical audience
Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment with good interpersonal, communication, writing and organizational skills.
Outstanding technical and analytic skills, proficient at understanding and conceptualizing business problems and implementing analytic or decision support solutions

Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.

Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.",4.1,"Bristol Myers Squibb
4.1","Princeton, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,1858,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
287,Senior Clinical Safety Data Scientist,-1,"Senior Clinical Safety Data Scientist #20-05315
Woodcliff Lake, NJ

Job Description:
Under the supervision and guidance of a manager, apply clinical/medical background to review medical conditions; identify clinically important information from safety report that needs to be recorded by the site in the clinical database; review patient records to identify discrepancies, inconsistencies, or missing data; review AE, SAE cases as directed. Advise a better code using a standard medical dictionary (MedDRA, WHODD).
Perform review of protocol and CRF in relation to coding and evaluation of safety data.
Performs all duties according to company policy and regulations and guidance.
Performs other duties assigned by the head of Onc Coding or its manager.
*No travel required.
Quantitative analysis – Generate clinical queries on subjects that met the criteria to have a narrative. Generate clear and brief narratives in accordance to the minimum requirement for regulatory submission. May assists in review of the reported and coded terms.

Qualitative analysis – Provides a clinically meaningful narratives (patient summaries) while following the writing guidelines. Evaluates the narrative index table if this met the minimum requirement for the narrative in preparation to the generation of narratives for inclusion in the regulatory submission.

Job Requirements:
Medical Degree, Physician-Assistant or PharmD or graduate of adequate health care related course with commensurate experience in use of dictionaries in Clinical trial setting.
5 plus years' experience.
Educational background in medical field with strong understanding of pathophysiology of diseases.
Performed medical assessment/ medical data review for at least 2 years
Knowledge of medical terminology, ability to apply to clinical coding using standard medical dictionary
Knowledge of Central coding a plus, if not will train
Experience with INFORM is a plus, otherwise ability to use/learn complex computer system
Knowledge of Oncology Clinical trial Study is a plus, or ability to learn and apply experience in the area of clinical research
Computer proficiency and Expertise on use of Excel and word
Strong oral and written communication skills
Self motivated, pro-active, and quick learner",4.4,"Ascent Services Group
4.4","Woodcliff Lake, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
288,Data Scientist Principal,"$98k-$156k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Schneider is seeking an innovative Principal Data Scientist to join our Engineering team. Our Principal Data Scientists, foster thought leadership in analytics and decision sciences to elevate the performance of the enterprise. You will proactively evaluate new technologies and identify industry best practices, while leveraging our existing processes and technical capabilities to deliver exceptional results.

Our Principal Data Scientists:
Foresee future challenges and provide perspective and insight on how to best position the department and enterprise for success.
Represent Schneider as a thought leader within the industry and academia through symposiums, annual meetings and partnerships.
Design, collaborate and implement solutions and new proof of concepts using new and existing technologies.
Mentor junior associates and collaborate with diverse departments to frame and solve business opportunities.
Oversee external relationships with software vendors to influence product functionality and our academic partners to influence curriculum design.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Ideal candidates will have:
Earned a PhD degree in Data or Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Economics, Mathematics, or related field, plus eight years of relevant work experience. Or a master’s degree plus ten years of relevant work experience.
Proficient understanding in designing and implementing data science models using open source as well as commercial programming languages.
A demonstrated ability to understand the uses and limitations of statistical and programming methodologies to select the appropriate methodology to complete projects.
Experience working with Java and/or Python.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.
Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com.

Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
289,Senior Data Scientist 4 Artificial Intelligence,"$74k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311095

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as natural language processing, remote-sensing and geo-spatial intelligence, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 7 years of experience, Masters with 5 years of experience or PHD with 3 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
290,Sr Business Intelligence Analyst - Python / Government / Military experience and active TS/SCI required,"$87k-$162k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Travel Required: Less than 10%
Requisition Type: Regular

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst provides strategic business analysis services to business partners. The focus of this position is to work closely with the staff and operational elements of the client to gain in-depth understanding of the client’s business strategy, processes, services, roadmap and the context in which the client operates, with the goal of understanding, documenting and mapping the technical, process, and management capabilities needed to address the challenges faced by the client in meeting the needs of its customers.

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for reviewing assigned business processes from end-to-end to identify and address operational, financial and technological risks. The Senior Business Intelligence Analysts identifies opportunities to improve efficiency.

Roles and Responsibilities

Perform duties as a Senior Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst, providing the information for executives to make strong business decisions.
The BI analyst will provide the professional role and expertise responsible for data mining, analysis, summaries to maximize its utility, and summarily be used to support decision-making.
Help managers in the process of making informed business decisions so as to improve or sustain his/her organization’s competitive position.
Collect past and present data in order to establish and even fashion of an organization’s operation.
Provide development, reviews and evaluations of operational business processes, activities and data for the purpose of making tactical, strategic business decisions.
Required to be operationally focused which allows the agency to quickly react to dynamic and continuously changing issues, business and customer requirements.
Effort will be a continuous occurrence of business events and processes and is typically will be focused scenarios requiring analysis of business insight on a daily, short-term or frequent basis. This is applicable to operational business applications, systems and storage resources that have the most current business data, events and processes. May require monitoring of data driven business processes and events - in motion and at rest.
Provide the tools and information for executives to make strategic decisions.
The BI analyst will utilize and transition to the standard tools that are available to the enterprise users in order to ensure the reoccurring reports can be transitioned to be generated and delivered in-house by the Directorates and Commands.
Implement standard reporting systems in the organization.
The BI analyst will also be responsible for designing reports and developing processes to aid the business intelligence of an organization.
Develop standards for best practices for reporting, marketing, and educating the client on available reporting tools in the agency and how they can be utilized to provide reoccurring reports.
The BI Analyst will data mine the client’s enterprise services to the use data to figure out market and business trends for companies to increase profits and efficiency. This process includes:
Gather data through a number of ways, from mining the Client computer systems through software, looking at competitors data and industry trends to help develop a picture of where the Agency stands in the industry, industry trends and standards, where they can improve and where they can avoid costs.
Exploit the data warehouse of the company to dig for important statistics and facts that may help in rendering a true picture of an organization’s industry standing and performance.
The business intelligence analysts will spend most of their time analyzing data that includes past trends, current conditions, projected, etc. They must be able to look at large chunks of data and understand trends, and then communicate those trends.
The BI Analyst ensure that the client knows whom to approach for data to meet the report requests (TTPs)

Core skills (Required):

Knowledge of general business principles, military and government organizations, and systems engineering concepts.
Strong oral, written and interpersonal communication skills in English and at the Graduate level.
Technically proficient with Microsoft Office products (Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, Access, Publisher).
Advanced to Expert level of knowledge with Microsoft Project, with experience in developing integrate master schedules from multiple project schedules.
Working knowledge of Python programming language
10 years of experience working within the Federal Government and/or DOD performing similar duties

Educational Requirements

Required - Bachelor of Engineering / Science Degree in Project Management, Business Management, Business Analysis, Computer Information Systems, Information Technology
Preferred - Master of Business Administration or Master of Technology Management
Preferred – Education in two or more programming languages (e.g. Python, JAVA, C++, .NET)

Experience Requirements

Minimum if 10 years’ experience working as a business analyst within an Information Technology enterprise within the Federal Government and/or DOD supporting 8,000+ users, with a bachelor’s degree
Minimum if 5 years’ experience working as a business analyst within an Information Technology enterprise supporting 8,000+ users with a Masters of Business Administration or Masters of Technology Management
Experience should include no less than three years working within the Department of Defense.

Desired Behaviors

Self-starter with the ability to multi-task.
Strong leadership skills with excellent listening skills. Must have the ability to see multiple conflicting views and assist in the formation of consensus. Must be able to lead and to be led by others.
Strong formal and informal communications skills including the ability to mentor and train – must take satisfaction in the accomplishments of mentees
Must be able to work well within teams either as a member or leader

#GDITpriority

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.6,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.6","Washington, DC",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
291,Research Scientist - Autonomous Systems,-1,"Job Description:

Our Unmanned Systems group is looking to add a talented Research Scientist with a background in autonomous systems, artificial intelligence, scientific computation, and/or mathematical modeling. The successful candidate will be passionate about designing, developing and applying cutting-edge technologies for prototype autonomous systems.

In this position, you will see your ideas control autonomous vehicles in the most challenging environments. The successful candidate will be part of a team that designs and implements software and hardware solutions addressing critical challenges to develop some of the most autonomous systems on or off the planet. You will integrate into, and lead, dynamic and highly-motivated project teams, and use new ideas from across multiple fields to push the boundaries of the possible for intelligent systems.

Required Qualifications:

Ph.D. in computer science, mathematics, physics, or applicable engineering field, or equivalent training and experience; would consider a BS degree with 5+ years relevant industry experience OR an MS degree with 3+ years relevant industry experience in;

autonomy and autonomous decision making
automated planning
optimization
scientific computing
mathematical modeling
programming experience in C++ and/or Java

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in R&D environments and with rapid software prototyping
Ability to improvise and think “outside the box” to develop technical solutions
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral
A track record of publications and/or successful proposal writing is strongly desired
Experience with Federal S&T and R&D sponsors (DARPA, IARPA, ONR, NASA) and contract vehicles (BAAs, SBIRs) is a plus
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED, active DoD clearance a plus

Position Location: Reston, VA

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Metron takes affirmative action in support of its policy to employ and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor",3.0,"Metron, Inc.
3.0","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
292,AI/ML Data Engineer,-1,"As a Data Engineer at MORSE, you will work with our multidisciplinary team of scientists, engineers, and software developers on a variety of programs related to machine learning and artificial intelligence. You will be expected to rapidly define, develop, implement, and exercise ETL pipelines for complex systems that use data to help produce actionable insights in operational systems.

Skills and Requirements

A successful candidate will be working with data scientists, software engineers, and data providers to maintain data and transforms on that data. The candidate will be creating and maintaining novel pipelines for on premises hardware, externally hosted hardware, cloud-computing systems. The pipelines include data primarily from computer vision systems, traditional sensing systems, robotics data, and human generated label data. All data and pipelines are used for machine learning and artificial intelligence.

US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED, or the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance

BS, MS, or PhD in computer science, database management, data engineering, or equivalent

At least 5 years of experience as a data engineer

Proficiency in Python and PySpark

Experience with Docker

Good communication skills

Self-starter and driven

Desired Skills:

Experience with cloud computing (AWS, Azure, GCP) is a plus

Familiarity with Kedro is a plus

Familiarity with the latest data engineering trends

Experience with Docker-compose

Experience with Microservices

Proficiency in one or more programming languages

Demonstrated experience with large data sets in one or more of the following areas: parsing, cleaning, storage strategies, provenance tracking, database formats, and parallelized data transformations",5.0,"MORSE Corp
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
293,SAP Materials Master Data Analyst - Temp,"$58k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is a 6 month temporary assignment.

The Mizuho OSI Way

In 1978, we set out to change the way patients undergo surgery. As a Mizuho OSI customer, you can expect our commitment to the following…

We commit to your satisfaction. If you are dissatisfied, we will strive to make it right.

We do things the right way. We commit to hire people with competence, generosity and a caring attitude. We motivate our employees to use their individual strengths to provide creative solutions, changes, and innovations. We anticipate your needs through customer experiences, thus nurturing our relationships.

Collectively, this creates an environment that enables and inspires healthcare professionals to improve the lives of patients.

Dare to go further. Care to do more.

TOP REASONS TO JOIN THE MIZUHO OSI TEAM
Privately held company with a tradition of market leadership and best-in-class innovation
Fast-paced entrepreneurial culture focused on dramatically improving patient outcomes through personal empowerment
Emphasis on continuous improvement and celebration of our values of R.E.S.P.E.C.T. and the Mizuho Way.
Create innovative solutions designed and manufactured at our HQ in Northern California
POSITION OVERVIEW
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 1 to 2 full life cycle SAP implementations and have participated or have led roles in blueprint activities, creating SOP, work instructions and training users to maintenance and sustain the master data. In addition be a savvy self-directed and capable individual who’s accustomed to delivering time critical work products.
Bachelor's degree in business, and or in systems applications such as SAP Modules or equivalent work experience
Experience with full life cycle SAP implementations
Formal training or experience with ASAP implementation methodology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
We are looking for you, if you have the ability to:
Hold meetings on Material Master and Item Master Data Management.
Assist with refining Business Process Design for Item Material Master including tactical MDM process.
Coordinate with functional disciplines in OPS/SCM and their IT counterparts.
Identify MDM Classifications of data and assist with identifying local data attributes.
Assist with the MDM governance model, including documenting processes with identified data owners, master process owners and SAP module owners.
Assist with identifying KPIs to improve quality and productivity.
Assist with workflows within MDM tool.
Here is what you will do day-to-day
Analyze business process requirements, design a solution approach in close collaboration with business teams
Write functional specifications and advise business teams of feasible solution designs
Work with IT in unit test efforts and with business in regression test efforts
Deliver BPP and solution documentation for implemented solutions
Work with functional teams (SD, MM, PP, FICO, QM)
Application Configuration and Support
Support SAP modules to meet business needs.
Unit test SAP software applications, including customizations and interfaces
Application Analysis and Design
Assist SAP users analyze and identify business process requirements.
Develop SAP functional application designs and specifications, individually or collaboratively.
Work as a member of cross-functional teams and add value by providing a technical perspective.
Guide Application Developers by recommending ways to design and unit-test applications. (SAP - PLM)
Change Management and Support
Provide QA function by reviewing/testing developer’s work.
Guide users in integrated testing, conference room pilot activities and applications startup activities.
Facilitate the process of change by clarifying new procedures and training system users.
Project Management and Control
Manage small projects, with responsibility for the quality and timeliness of project deliverables
Direct project resources and/or recommend and create internal development procedures and methodologies.
Understand scope and planned estimates of undertaken activities and manage actual time relative to the planned estimates.
Problem Solving:
Plays a key role in the Order to Cash team in the full project lifecycle, from the business blueprint of the project to post support.
Works with business analysts, business SMEs and various process owners to analyze their requirements: prepare and participate in workshops, requirement documentation, functional specifications and configuration documentation.
Provides support for Data extraction, data cleansing and loading
Works closely with IT resources for non-standard SAP objects.
Supports the development of test scripts and provide process expertise during test execution.
Assists and supports training document creation.
Finalizes the MDM configuration element s and triggers and support the solution after implementation.
Understand, follow and support Mizuho OSI’s internal Quality System policies, procedures and work instructions including but not limited to applicable external regulations (21 Code of Federal Regulations Part 820 Quality System Regulations and applicable International Standards).
What you will need to be successful in this role:
A minimum of 5 years of SAP process and configuration experience in Sales & Distribution, Materials Management, Production Planning and Quality Management modules and MDM.
Experience in at least 2 full life cycle implementations of SAP.
Experience in supporting all phases of SAP project life cycle including blueprint, design, build, test, deployment and support.
Experience in developing blueprint documentation, functional designs, test plans and scenarios as well as executing the tests.
Experience in and data validations during testing and implementation
Strong knowledge/experience in 1 additional SAP module is a must.
Experience with integration testing and implementation.
Thorough business understanding of Supply Chain processes.
Familiarity with SAP architecture.
Strong verbal and written communications skills, with an ability to express complex business concepts in technical terms.
Strong analytical, problem solving, and conceptual skills.
Strong interpersonal skills; ability to work well on cross functional project teams.
Experience in the construction and distribution industry.
What you need to be prepared for:

The physical demands are representative of those needed to perform the essential functions of the job in an office environment. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

NOTE: This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties or functions to be performed by the incumbent. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties/functions requested by their supervisor.",3.7,"Mizuho OSI
3.7","Union City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
294,Data Scientist,-1,"About Imperfect

Imperfect Foods was founded in 2015 with a mission to reduce food waste and build a better food system for everyone. We offer imperfect (yet delicious) produce, affordable pantry items, and quality meat and dairy. We deliver them conveniently to our customers’ doorsteps and pride ourselves on offering up to a 30% discount compared to grocery store prices. Our customers can get the healthy, seasonal produce they want alongside the grocery staples they rely on, without having to compromise their budget or values. We’re proving that doing the right thing for the planet doesn’t have to cost more, and that shopping for quality ingredients can support the people and resources that it takes to grow our favorite foods.

We're headquartered in San Francisco with operations all over the country. Check our website to see if there is an Imperfect near you!

We're looking for folks who are positive, motivated, and ready to change the world. If that sounds like you, drop us a line!

How we are protecting employees from COVID-19

At Imperfect Foods, employee health and safety is our top priority. We have implemented processes and precautions to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in our facilities. We provide gloves, masks, and hand sanitizer to all essential employees who must report to work. Before entering our warehouse, employees have their temperatures checked. In addition, we take great care to ensure frequently touched surfaces are sanitized throughout the day and all warehouses are fully sanitized weekly.

We have also implemented an Emergency Sick Leave policy providing full-time and part-time employees 2 additional weeks of paid time off and up to 26 weeks paid leave if they have a confirmed case of COVID-19.

About the Role:

We're looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join our Business Intelligence team. The ideal candidate will develop and automate algorithms that integrate with various parts of the business to better our customer understanding, improve our customer experience, and drive operational efficiency. Our Data Scientist will collaborate with departments across the company, including Marketing, Operations, and Engineering, for a wide and deep impact. Some example projects include demand forecasting to help with warehouse labor and inventory planning, optimizations to improve warehouse efficiency, personalization and recommendation algorithms to enable customers to discover relevant products, and product subscription cadence optimization. As an early member of the data science team, your role will influence the tech stack and frameworks we develop. This role requires analytical horsepower to efficiently analyze, and communication skills to tell a story with data.

If you like the idea of swimming in data, fighting food waste, and working with a cohesive and productive team, we want to hear from you!
Responsibilities:
Build production grade models on large-scale datasets by utilizing sophisticated statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining techniques
Provide in-depth analyses and insights for strategic and business initiatives, while maintaining analytics roadmap to prioritize initiatives, communicate timelines, and ensure successful, timely completion of projects
Collaborate cross-functionally to identify impactful business problems and translate them into structured analyses, measurable insights, and reports and dashboards
Assist with the development and deployment of analytical tools and develop custom models to observe progress, uncover insights in the data, and automate analyses
Participate in code reviews and software development standard methodologies
Skills and Qualifications:
3+ years of professional experience as a data scientist, including deploying and maintaining code in a production environment
Confident with machine learning techniques and sophisticated analytics (e.g. regression, classification, clustering, time series, econometrics, mathematical optimization)
Highly skilled in SQL and Python. Experience running complex analytics in a scripting language
Bonus: experience using R and other languages
Has a solid grasp of statistical applications and methods (experimentation, probabilities)
Experience with preparing large data sets for analysis
About You:
You're able to clearly and dynamically translate data into a relevant story with initiative partners, including technical and non-technical audiences
You demonstrate intellectual curiosity, and a knack for translating information into impactful insights, with data big, small, structured, and imprecise
You have the insight to take ambiguous problems and tackle them in a structured, hypothesis-driven, data-supported way
You're a self-starter with the ability to prioritize multiple projects at once
You're passionate about our mission to eliminate food waste and create a better food system for all
Details of the Position:
Full-time exempt position reporting to the Director of Business Intelligence
Candidate can be remotely located within the US
Salary and employee stock options commensurate with experienceCompetitive benefits package including health care, paid vacation, 401K, paid parental leave, and recurring credit towards your Imperfect account!
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary work; involves sitting most of the time
Occasional movement around the office may be necessary
Regular work with computers, including keyboards, mouses, and screens
Regular use of mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets
Individuals seeking employment at Imperfect Foods are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.

U.S. E-Verify Notice: Imperfect Foods participates in E-Verify in the United States. Imperfect will provide the U.S. Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.",3.4,"Imperfect Foods
3.4",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
295,Data Scientist III,"$78k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Group Highlights

Intelligence

The Intelligence group provides high-end systems engineering and integration products and services, data analytics and software development to national and military intelligence customers. Serving federal agencies and the Intelligence Community for more than 50 years, the Intelligence group helps our clients meet their mission needs by providing trusted advisors, leading-edge technologies, and innovative solutions.

Responsibilities

Involved in the analysis of unstructured and semi-structured data, including latent semantic indexing (LSI), entity identification and tagging, complex event processing (CEP), and the application of analysis algorithms on distributed, clustered, and cloud-based high-performance infrastructures. Exercises creativity in applying non-traditional approaches to large-scale analysis of unstructured data in support of high-value use cases visualized through multi-dimensional interfaces. Handle processing and index requests against high-volume collections of data and high-velocity data streams. Has the ability to make discoveries in the world of big data. Requires strong technical and computational skills - engineering, physics, mathematics, coupled with the ability to code design, develop, and deploy sophisticated applications using advanced unstructured and semi-structured data analysis techniques and utilizing high-performance computing environments. Has the ability to utilize advance tools and computational skills to interpret, connect, predict and make discoveries in complex data and deliver recommendations for business and analytic decisions. Experience with Cloud-based data analysis tools. Experience with machine learning, algorithm analysis, and data clustering.

Qualifications

Requires 3 to 8 years with BS/BA or 3 to 5 years with MS/MA or 0 to 2 years with PhD.

TS/SCI with Poly Required
Focus on design, implementation and operation of data management systems. Design how data is stored, consumed, integrated and managed by different entities and systems.
Experience with SQL, Python, Spark
Machine Learning technologies/packages (Sagemaker, DataBricks, PyTorch and the similar)
Statistical techniques for analyzing data and visualization techniques for summarizing complex data analyses.

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).",3.3,"Perspecta
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
296,2021 Data Science Fellowship,"$89k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","2021 Data Science Fellowship
Department


Human Resources

Location


Alexandria, VA

Closing Date

1/29/21

Apply Now

Overview

The Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) is a not-for-profit corporation that operates three Federally Funded Research Centers (FFRDCs). IDA’s Systems and Analyses Center is located in Alexandria, Virginia and is comprised of eight research divisions providing objective analyses of national security issues, particularly those requiring scientific and technical expertise, and conducts related research on other national challenges.

The IDA Data Science Fellowship provides recent graduates a unique opportunity to develop and apply data science skills to important issues in national security. Data Science Fellows will investigate the ways machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, and big data methodologies contribute to national security and gain experience developing advanced data science tools They will use their critical thinking and analytic skills to work on challenging real-world national security issues. In a collaborative team environment, Fellows perform data manipulation and statistical, econometric, predictive, descriptive, and other quantitative analyses to answer national security-related research questions. Fellows should expect to learn while creatively contributing to interdisciplinary project teams.

Fellows will have an opportunity to work research questions in areas such as:
Appraisal of current DoD investments in a broad range of areas: from human factors to autonomous systems, from materials science to nuclear weapons effects, from social behaviors to quantum computing;
Analyze and research questions on DoD personnel, military readiness and efficacy, and organizational efficiency topics.
Assessment of federal agency information and computing architectures that support data science applications (i.e., large, distributed data sets and computational assets);
Application of data exploration, text analytics, forecasting, statistical inference, simulation to areas of military personnel, manpower, and acquisition of DOD weapon systems.
Over the course of the three-year program, fellowship experiences will include:
Involvement in workshops and discussions on relevant topics
Mentorship from members of the IDA research staff
Training on specific analytical methods and tools
Attendance and presentation at select professional society meetings
Qualifications
This is a full time position and is only open to recent recipients of a bachelor’s or master’s degree. Candidates with degrees higher than a master’s degree will not be considered.
Candidate with recent Bachelor’s degree or Masters’ degree in economics, statistics, operations research, mathematics, physics, computer science, data science, or related disciplines with a strong foundation in statistics and/or applied mathematics are encouraged to apply.
Candidates must demonstrate experience with one or more programming language or statistical software used in research (e.g., Python, R, Julia, Stata, MATLAB, C, Java, etc.)
Candidates must demonstrate strong written and oral communication skills. Ideal candidates are able to contribute to and support team efforts.
Additional preferred skills include:
Training and/or experience in quantitative or qualitative information collection, data normalization, and text analytics
Experience as a research assistant in an academic or policy research setting
Experience or coursework in Bayesian statistics, machine learning, predictive analytics, and/or geospatial analyses
Experience with GPU, high-throughput, and/or distributed computing
U.S. citizenship is required.
In addition to the application, applicants at later stages in the process will be required to submit the following documents:
Personal Statement— explain in 1,000 words or less why you want to work in the area of data science and analytics in defense and national security and how your background/experience will contribute to IDA’s work
Writing Sample—5,000 word maximum
Transcripts - unofficial transcript is acceptable for consideration, but an official transcript is needed before any offer of employment will be made
Two Letters of Academic Recommendation—letters must be signed by the individual rendering the reference and delivered as PDF files.
U.S. Citizenship is required
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance is required
Equal Opportunity Employer",4.1,"Institute for Defense Analyses
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1956,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
297,Data Scientist/Business Intelligence Engineer,"$76k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Homesite Insurance was founded in 1997 and was one of the first companies to enable customers to purchase home insurance directly online, during a single visit. Since then, we've continued to innovate rapidly to meet the needs of our customers and their changing expectations.

One thing that's stayed the same since our founding: our commitment to our customers, partners and employees.

Join us on our journey as we continue to grow into a powerful contender in the field of insurance.

Homesite Insurance Company is seeking an experienced, passionate and motivated, Data Scientist/ Business Intelligence Engineer, to provide strategic leadership in the areas of Insurance Operations. The ideal candidate must be able to make an immediate impact by working with stakeholders throughout the organization to plan and execute change to impact the bottom line. Their skill set will support the growth of the Commercial line of business by utilizing data to drive decisions that optimize operational results.

This role is part of our Operations Department, which is responsible for managing post sales processing and servicing activities to meet/exceed operational service level agreements in a cost effective manner. This department has business responsibility for policy processing, billing, claims processing, in-sourced and outsourced back office operations, service platform, and business ownership of call center technology platform and operations-based IT initiatives. The Operations Department drives continuous improvement in servicing capabilities through process and IT changes and partner with Underwriting, Finance, Claims, and IT.

The Data Scientist/Business Intelligence Engineer is a highly quantitative problem solver who loves to dig into different kinds of data and can confidently and successfully communicate their findings to stakeholders in different departments. They will act as a strategic change agent to drive the change management and adoption of key initiatives to support the growth of Homesite by leveraging enterprise data to model outcomes and create anomaly detection capabilities. The incumbent will work closely with Customer Service, Billing, Claims, Policy Operations, IT, KTC, Training and external vendors, developing solutions that optimize all areas of operations.

Responsibilities:

-Mine and analyze data from internal and external databases to drive optimization of operations, financial outcomes, customer experience and retention.

-Use statistical and machine learning/deep learning to build supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised models per business needs.

-Ensure data quality throughout all stages of acquisition and processing, including areas such as data sourcing/collection, ground truth generation, normalization and transformation.

-Communicate proposals and results in a clear manner backed by data and coupled with actionable conclusions to drive business decisions.

-Work with other analysts and team members to translate models into business solutions and collaborate with other departments in the company when necessary.

-Interface with stakeholders and develop innovative approaches to communicate the value add of the models being built.

-Participate in the transfer of knowledge of methodologies and best practices to peers and colleagues through collaboration, mentoring, and formal presentation and consulting.

Required skills:

-Master’s degree or higher in Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative discipline.

-Three to five years business experience in statistical modeling, data mining, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and applying data base queries.

-Proficiency in programming in Python, R and SQL.

-Ability to extract and clean data from a variety of structured and unstructured sources.

-Ability to drive both individual and team projects to completion.

-Demonstrated ability to work with executives, such as CEO, CFO, and CIO on strategic direction setting and decision making.

-Demonstrated ability to build relationships and accomplish goals across a highly matrixed organization.

-Clearly communicate complex findings to colleagues and external customers.

-Monitor the results of statistical models through the use of dashboards and ad hoc analyses.

#LI-TD1",3.0,"Homesite Group
3.0","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
298,Sr. Data Engineer,"$97k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team of Data Consultants and work on dynamic long-term projects. The majority of our team members are long-term employees who enjoy consistent work and a collaborative team approach!
Background in computer science and comfortable in programming in a variety of languages, including Java, Python, Scala;
Determining the appropriate software packages or modules to run, and how easily they can be modified;
Handling large scale structured and unstructured data from internal and third-party sources;
Architecting highly scalable distributed data pipelines using open source tools and big data technologies such as Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Presto, Spark, Drill, Sqoop and ETL frameworks;
Utilizing Linux shell scripting and containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes); and,
Leading teams in a dynamic work environment while managing stakeholder expectations and scope.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree, preferably in technology related disciplines.
Cloud computing platforms such as Azure, AWS, and GCP;
Relational databases and writing SQL queries, evaluating their performance
Strong experience with data processing software in Azure, AWS and GCP
Or Big data machine learning toolkits such as SparkML, messaging systems (Kafka) and NoSQL databases (Cassandra, HBase, MongoDB) desirable
Building data lakes and data pipelines that adhere to our engineering philosophy
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8","Indianapolis, IN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
299,Scientist,"$79k-$156k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are looking for a highly motivated scientist to join the Discovery Immuno-Oncology group at Jounce Therapeutics. The successful candidate for this position will play a leading role within a team of scientists engaged in the discovery and testing of novel cancer immunotherapeutic biologics. Responsibilities include designing, developing, and conducting experiments aimed at identifying optimal therapeutic candidates, understanding the mechanism of action of our therapeutic molecules (mostly monoclonal antibodies), as well as playing a key team role in supporting a program from discovery to development. Management of one or more research associates is expected. The candidate must be capable of working across functional groups and communicating results with scientists from diverse backgrounds. The ideal candidate should be a highly motivated self-starter capable of working independently and as part of a team.
Responsibilities:
Manage and lead one or more research associates.
Provide both immuno-oncology guidance and technical expertise to a cross-functional team.
Lead the development and execution of a novel discovery program
Active management of experimental activities and delivery of data in accordance with program and corporate timelines.
Thorough documentation of experiments and communication of results across functional teams.
Drafting documents in support of regulatory filings.

Doctoral degree (PhD., M.D., M.D./Ph.D.) or equivalent in Immunology or Cancer Immunology, postdoctoral experience of 1-4 year, with industry experience a plus.
S/he will have a strong background in Immunology, with an excellent understanding of the role of immune cells in influencing cellular adaptive and innate immune responses, and experience working with biologics.
Extensive experience with in vitro and ex vivo immunological assays (multi-parameter flow cytometry, immune cell sorting and isolation, etc.)
Publications in top tier journals, and/or patents
Excellent organizational, communication and presentation skills
Strong interpersonal skills and a desire to bring novel therapeutics to patients is key
Able to thrive in a highly collaborative, fast-paced, team-oriented environment with colleagues from diverse disciplines but with the capacity to work independently.
Ability to think creatively and critically to make a measurable impact on projects is an important aspect of this role.
Additional Qualifications
Experience with in vivo, immune system-related mouse models and/or syngeneic mouse tumor models is advantageous.

Jounce Therapeutics is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, religion, creed, sex, or political beliefs. We offer a competitive salary and benefits package. All applicants should be legally entitled to work for any employer in the U.S.
To apply, please visit https://careers-jouncetx.icims.com/.

Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company dedicated to transforming the treatment of cancer by developing therapies that enable the immune system to attack tumors and provide long lasting benefits to patients through a biomarker-driven approach. Through the use of its Translational Science Platform, Jounce first focuses on specific cell types within the human tumor microenvironment to prioritize targets, and then identifies related biomarkers designed to match the right immunotherapy to the right patient. Jounce currently has four development-stage programs, two of which are clinical-stage: vopratelimab, a monoclonal antibody that binds to and activates ICOS, and JTX-4014, a PD-1 inhibitor intended for combination use with Jounce’s broader pipeline. Vopratelimab is currently being assessed in a Phase 2 clinical trial, EMERGE, and Jounce plans to initiate an additional Phase 2 biomarker trial using TISvopra for patient selection, SELECT, to assess vopratelimab in combination with JTX-4014. Jounce’s IND-enabling preclinical programs include JTX-8064, a LILRB2 receptor antagonist and JTX-1811, a monoclonal antibody designed to selectively deplete T regulatory cells in the tumor microenvironment. For more information, please visit www.jouncetx.com.",4.4,"Jounce Therapeutics
4.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
300,Support Scientist - Hurricane Model Developer,"$35k-$63k
(Glassdoor Est.)","_Overview_*
I.M. Systems Group, Inc. (IMSG) is seeking a candidate to support the Environmental Modeling Center (EMC) of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) in carrying out research and development work related to future operational hurricane forecast systems. The candidate’s work will involve the development, execution, testing, and evaluation of several different components of the proposed FV3-based HAFS (Hurricane Analysis and Forecast System) that include hurricane dynamics, multi-level high-resolution movable nests, physics, data assimilation, vortex initialization, coupling to ocean, wave, land, storm surge and inundation models. The work location is at the NOAA Center for Weather and Climate Prediction (NCWCP) in College Park, MD.
_Responsibilities_*
The candidate will perform the job duties in a high-quality, independent, and collaborative way, assisting in managing projects and developing and applying innovative methods for the primary work areas described below. The candidate will work with EMC scientists and external collaborators to set up comprehensive tests of new hurricane models, and evaluate the results using objective verification metrics and model diagnostics. The candidate will work on several tasks, including developing advanced nesting and coupling techniques for Hurricane modeling using next-generation Finite Volume Cubed-Sphere (FV3) model, and/or advanced hurricane physical parameterization techniques applicable at high resolutions, and/or advanced inner-core data assimilation methods for conventional and satellite data, determining areas of physics improvement needed to increase forecast skill and transitioning hurricane physics from existing operational models into the FV3-based hurricane models within the Unified Forecast System Common Community Physics Package (CCPP) framework. The candidate will work with advanced NOAA Environmental Modeling System (NEMS) infrastructure and multi-scale modeling framework, improving hurricane specific physics, data assimilation, dynamics, and high-resolution telescoping and moving nest techniques. This work will include:
Develop new or improving existing nesting and coupling schemes for multi-scale high-resolution hurricane models.
Implement and test advanced hurricane-specific physical parameterizations into the FV3-based CCPP framework.
Develop new or improved inner-core data assimilation algorithms for FV3.
Design, setup, and execute pre-implementation tests for annual experimental and operational hurricane model upgrades.
Develop advanced initialization methods for experimental and operational hurricane models.
Develop and implement generalized nesting techniques for global-to-local scale applications.
Develop advanced scripts for flexible end-to-end system integration and automation, and allow for additional functionalities.
_Qualifications_*
A Master’s Degree or higher in atmospheric sciences or meteorology, oceanic, mathematics, or related physical science with at least 2 years of experience in the area of hurricane and tropical cyclone (TC) modeling.

_ *Candidates must be a U.S. Citizen or Green Card Holder to qualify*_
_ *(US Citizen must live in US for 3-5 years prior to application)*_
_ *(please indicate in your cover letter).*_

Demonstrated knowledge, skills, and abilities in at least five of the following areas:
Advanced knowledge of tropical meteorology and in particular TCs.
Knowledge of the physical and mathematical basis of geophysical modeling (atmospheric and/or oceanic) and experience running advanced numerical weather prediction (NWP) models.
Experience in high-resolution model development in various infrastructures like NEMS and ESMF.
Experience working in a UNIX environment with advanced scripting languages (e.g., Perl, ksh, Python, Ruby, etc.).
Extensive practical application of computing languages such as FORTRAN and C, working with geophysical data formats (NetCDF, GRIB, etc.), and graphical display programs such as GRADS, GEMPAK, MATLAB, IDL, etc.
Experience in model testing and evaluation and/or knowledge of objective verification principles.
Demonstrated skill in communicating effectively with scientists of diverse backgrounds on technical details of the work plan and present results accurately and clearly in both oral and written form.
Ability to work independently and in a team environment on complex problems.
Demonstrated skill in performing tasks requiring organization and attention to detail.
_Desired Skills_*
Familiarity with advanced TC physical parameterizations applicable at high (1-3 km) resolutions.
Familiarity with advanced TC data assimilation algorithms applicable at high (1-3 km) resolutions.
Familiarity with the POM and/or HYCOM ocean models, or their equivalents.
Experience developing and testing numerical environmental prediction codes in a high-performance computing environment
Familiarity with operational NWP and/or an operational forecasting environment.
_To_* *_Apply_*
Please apply online at https://careers-imsg.icims.com. In your cover letter, please indicate the following information:

1) Timeline of availability

2) Citizenship Status

3) Salary requirements for considerations

NOTE: Provide three References

_IMSG is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran friendly_

https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf

Job Type: Full-time",3.5,"IMSG/NOAA
3.5","College Park, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
301,Senior Data Scientist,"$136k-$225k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview

Imagine if we could match patients with the treatments that prove the most effective for them . . .
GNS Healthcare applies a powerful form of AI called causal machine learning to predict which treatments and care management programs will work for which patients, improving individual patient outcomes and the health of populations while reducing the total cost of care.

Headquartered in the biotechnology and health IT center of Cambridge, MA, our patented REFS technology is based on recent breakthroughs in causal machine learning and AI that transforms massive quantities of patient data into computer models of disease at molecular, patient, and health system levels. These computer models power up solutions, products, and services that health plans, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems, and patient foundations utilize to slow disease progression, reduce adverse events and hospitalization, and improve therapeutic effectiveness. Our platforms and solutions have been validated across more than 45 diseases including oncology, cardiovascular and metabolic disease, autoimmune diseases, neurology, etc. and have appeared in over 50 peer-reviewed publications.

Position Summary

The Senior Data Scientist will join a dynamic team responsible for start-to-finish work on the analysis and interpretation of real-world datasets using GNSs powerful cloud-based analytics platform. We are looking for someone who thrives working in a fast-paced, exciting, and collaborative environment in one of the most cutting-edge industries where big data analytics meets healthcare. You will help manage real world data, as well as create and interpret data-frames for modeling and analysis. You will collaborate with our research scientists to carry out analysis projects using our proprietary, supercomputer-powered Bayesian network modeling and simulation platform, and will synthesize these results into meaningful reports for clients and product development.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with internal research teams and clients to evaluate study design, define research questions, design data frames, write statistical analysis plans/study protocols, conduct analyses, and participate in the full research process, including client presentation and publication
Communicate highly technical results and methods clearly to clients, discuss how to incorporate information into their processes, and achieve high client satisfaction
Troubleshoot with clients and internal stakeholders to refine and optimize models
Provide scientific communications to peer-reviewed journals and publications
Develop data frames of high complexity while adhering to a project-based timeline
Perform data manipulations and develop algorithms on multi-data sets that create the analytic files necessary to support analyses.
Consult on how to use data to perform predictive and causal modeling using both proprietary and off-the-shelf tools.
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:
Masters Degree in a quantitative discipline or equivalent practical experience
3-5 years of experience working with advanced ML techniques, probability theory, Bayesian analysis, or causal inference methods
Experience working with biomedical data/ population health data, EHR or claims data
Demonstrated experience working with programming languages R and SQL
Strong written and verbal communication; an ability to communicate technical material to non-technical audiences simply and clearly and collaborate well on a team
Strong drive for problem solving, especially around data frame construction and interpretation
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with large, complex, or unstructured data requiring post-processing to use effectively
Familiarity with the UNIX and cluster computing environment
Company Culture

Our philosophy at GNS is simple: we cannot transform healthcare with anything less than an all-star team. We are seeking smart, driven people who are experts in their field, have a track record of success and a passion for creating change. We believe that strong teams supercharge the performance of individuals, create a fun and dynamic workplace and great results for our clients and the people they serve.

We are passionate about our work and believe in the ability of our technology to change the world. Our core values of integrity, collaboration, value, diversity, and game-changing guide our behaviors with each other and our clients.

GNS offers competitive salaries, stock options, unlimited vacation, health, dental and vision insurance, life insurance, long-term disability, 401(k), generous parental leave, tuition reimbursement, professional development, subsidized parking and gym membership, tasty food, volunteering opportunities, social gatherings, and more.

Equal Employment Opportunity

GNS Healthcare provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or conditions related to pregnancy, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GNS Healthcare complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

Powered by JazzHR",3.0,"GNS Healthcare
3.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
302,"Senior Data Scientist, Zoro",-1,"Company Summary:
Zoro.com is an eCommerce company that sells business supplies, equipment, and tools—but we’re much more than just a website. We’re a team of people who win and lose together (we prefer winning!). Since 2011, Zoro has been working hard to make it easy for our customers to purchase everything they need to make their businesses go. Zoro currently offers 3 million products, fast and free shipping, no-hassle returns, and exceptional customer service. We’ve grown quickly in a short time, recently surpassing 400 team members and reaching annual revenue of over $500 million. Add to that our award-winning culture—we were named a Great Place to Work for 2019-20, among other accolades—and we think Zoro is a pretty amazing place to work and grow.

Primary Function:
Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of Zoro’s customer, product, eCommerce, and pricing plans. The Data Science team covers a broad scope of projects including customer segmentation, A/B testing, marketing investment optimization, predictive modeling, promotion forecasting, and pricing analysis. We are closely integrated with our business leaders and support their ability to make critical decisions. At Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead data science projects from beginning to end: develop and refine the idea, create a project plan and methodology, collaborate with business partners, execute, and provide recommendations for the company
Collaborate with other data scientists to develop and implement algorithms, write code, evaluate relevant academic research, and deliver outputs
Advise the company about tools, data sources, and best practices to facilitate digital marketing, pricing, and web analytics
Build predictive and inference models using Python and R to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, or channel investment optimization
Document code and data science processes that are critical to the company, and develop strategies to ensure those processes are robust and fault-tolerant
Communicate findings to business leaders and colleagues using data visualizations, presentations, and written means

Qualifications:

Experience leading data science projects that have a direct impact on company objectives
Demonstrated ability to assist business decision-making through data mining and machine learning
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions
5+ years’ progressive business experience in areas including marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, or statistical modeling. Experience using data science or advanced analytics in an Internet retailer or a top-tier consumer-focused company is required
Ability to translate complex business problems into project plans and solve them by analyzing large amounts of data
Familiarity with Python or R for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and cloud-hosted data platforms (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, etc)
Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker, and ability to communicate results to business partners
Master’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, or Economics
Knowledge of web tracking technology and web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) a definite plus

Final note: We share a commitment to our Zoro values – Win & Lose Together (We prefer winning!), Take Ownership, We Are Transparent, and Aspire to be Customer-Obsessed. Everything we do at Zoro is centered around delighting our customers. It's a natural extension of our company culture and how we care for each other. We believe when we act in ways that are consistent with these values, we can solve any technical challenge that lies ahead of us. As a Zoro employee, you can expect to work with smart, energetic people, learn something every day, and be valued for your perspective.

Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.",2.0,"Zoro Tools
2.0","Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
303,Data Engineer,"$58k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Astor & Sanders, an IT solutions provider located in Rockville, Maryland is currently seeking a Data Engineer to work in a government facility in Washington, DC.

Roles and Responsibilities

· Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data

delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc

· Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related

technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs

· Work in a process-oriented, software development work environment

· Have exceptional analytical skills, showing fluency in the use of tools such as SQL and strong Java programming

skills

· Be technologically adept, demonstrating strong computer skills

· Be capable of developing databases using SQL scripts

· Demonstrate expertise in data modeling and query performance tuning on DB2, Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL or similar platforms

· Experience in implementing or following software development processes 1605DC-20-Q-00092 OLMS Electronic Labor Organization Reporting System (e.LORS) Information Technology Services Support 41

· Experience writing/editing Information Technology Documentation

· Experience with Section 508 compliant development efforts

· Past experience with developing baselines for system/applications, developing and maintaining configuration control documentation, and providing guidance and assistance to project personnel in documenting and approving engineering changes. · Integration experience with Web Services, APIs, and SOA.

Minimum Education: Bachelors’ of Science Degree; Computer Science, or degree in a related field Substitution: 5 years of direct relevant technical experience with high school diploma

Certification(s): None

Clearances: Capable of a Public Trust Security Clearance

.",3.1,"Astor & Sanders Corp
3.1","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
304,Senior Scientist - Learning Technology,-1,"Title: Senior Scientist *(Learning Technology)
Purpose: *
The role of the Senior Scientist is to lead the planning, execution, and evaluation of applied research and development projects in support of defense, other government, or industry clients. Research topics will include the design and development of next-generation learning and development technologies, human performance assessment, and other related topics. The Senior Scientist will develop mission and business-relevant prototypes and practices, co-author papers and research proposals, execute research studies, and present findings. The Senior Scientist will also support management in business development efforts by managing an active portfolio of new and existing clients.
Duties and Responsibilities: *
· Serves as Principal Investigator and/or project manager on Federal and DoD research and development contracts related to learning, training, and educational technology and performance support technologies

· Leads and mentors multidisciplinary teams of learning science professionals

· Secures funding through proposal writing and other business development opportunities

· Manages relationships with government and industry clients, stakeholders, and end users

· Ensures project tasking is executed in an efficient way consistent with company and industry standards and scientific understanding
Qualifications: *
• U.S. Citizen

• Ph.D. in a field related to learning sciences, technology design, instructional design, applied psychology, human factors, or other relevant area of study _and_ 10+ years of related post-graduate work experience

• Subject matter expertise in technology-based training, human performance assessment, game-based training, simulation, immersive reality (e.g., AR, VR, MR), adaptive training, mobile learning or instructional design

• Experience performing on government research and development contracts and interacting with military and other government customers

• Experience leading experimental research projects

• Experience leading field data collection efforts

• Strong written and oral communication skills

• Familiarity with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, SPSS
Work Environment: *
The majority (75%) of this position is situated in a typical office environment and includes the use of a computer (6-8 hours per day), telephone, and web-based video communications. The remaining 25% of time may include activities at customer sites such as military installations and other commercial industrial or office settings. Working in any field environment you may be exposed to the elements (hot or cold temperatures, sun, wind, snow, rain, etc.). Military installations may require work in wilderness settings and handling or being near live ammunition and weapons. Activities required will include traveling (flying or driving) for long periods, may require walking or standing for long durations (6-8 hours), crouching, kneeling, and carrying equipment. You may be required to wear additional safety equipment including but not limited to a helmet, eye and ear protection, safety vest, and steel-toed boots.
Travel: *
The Senior Scientist will be expected to travel up to 25% of working hours per month for the following purposes:

• Business development opportunities

• Conference presentations and attendance

• Team and organizational meetings (if remote)
Security Clearance: *
All employees must have or be capable of acquiring a Secret DoD security clearance. Guidelines indicating those items that may prevent you from obtaining a security clearance can be found here: http://www.fas.org/sgp/isoo/guidelines.html.
Background Check and Drug Testing: *
Our clients may require background checks and drug testing.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: From $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Company's website:
www.quantumimprovements.net
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/quantumimprovements
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Quantum Improvements Consulting
5.0","Orlando, FL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
305,Sr. Data Scientist,"$108k-$169k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Commercial Lines BI team at Woodruff Sawyer is a newly founded capability to enhance the organizations capacity in providing data-backed insights to its clients seeking P&C and liability insurance. The members of this team will work closely with the VP of Commercial Lines Business Intelligence and other enterprise stakeholders to develop and roll out analytics solutions. A successful candidate will apply data science methodologies, actuarial methods, knowledge of insurance, and the latest technological tools to create reusable business intelligence assets.

What you will be doing:

With limited guidance from the leaders, managers, or project leads:
Primarily collects, prepares and analyzes data from various sources.
Executes formal exploratory data analysis for data science projects.
Develops re-usable templates and reports for the review and feedback by other team members.
Prepares analysis summaries and provides to the colleagues and leaders.
Conducts data research and presents findings.
Identifies areas of more in-depth analysis and builds prototypes for IT implementation.
Required Qualifications:
A graduate degree in any of the quantitative disciplines, e.g., Actuarial Science, Math, Engineering, Stats, Finance, or a related discipline.
Knowledge of basic data science algorithms demonstrable through internships, coursework, or a combination.
2+ years of experience in visual analysis packages such as Tableau / Power BI.
2+ years of experience in programming using Python or R.
Skilled in developing presentations in PowerPoint or equivalent.
2+ years of work experience in an insurance or FINTECH environment as a data scientist or BI analyst. (4+ for an undergraduate).
Knowledge of common insurance terminologies. A couple of actuarial exams is a plus.
What you'll be getting from us:
The opportunity to work with sharp, motivated co-workers in a collaborative and entrepreneurial team
A flexible work schedule
A fun office in vibrant downtown San Francisco
Security for your future: Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP), 401K with company match and profit sharing
Medical, Dental and Vision benefits for employees and families (including domestic partners)
Life Insurance, short term and long-term disability benefits
Paid vacation, holiday and sick days
Tuition reimbursement
Access to an Employee Assistance Program
Fun company and team outings",4.0,"Woodruff Sawyer
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1918,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
306,Data Architect,"$93k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Architect

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ Funding is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses to release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our creative and timely approach to providing working capital, along with our comprehensive accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ Funding is looking for a skilled and progressive Data Architect to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Architect will support database architects and engineers, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will that ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Responsibilities for Data Architect
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and assist in the implementation of data-focused internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Engineering and Data teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing LSQ products into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
1-3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with structured as well as unstructured datasets.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Below experience is preferred but not required:
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.",4.5,"LSQ
4.5","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
307,Data Analyst,-1,"At Big Health, our purpose is to help millions back to good mental health. Our “digital therapeutics” - Daylight™, for worry & anxiety, and Sleepio™, for poor sleep - are fully automated cognitive and behavioral programs that are as scalable and clinically validated as drugs. Our software combines the intimacy of the human voice, engaging animation, and clinically rigorous techniques to help people overcome their mental health challenges. Big Health’s products are backed by 50 published clinical papers including 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and are cited in leading clinical guidelines including the American College of Physicians and NICE. Today, over 12 million people worldwide have reimbursed access to Big Health’s products, via leading employers in the US and the UK’s NHS.

As an Analyst at Big Health, you will develop a definitive knowledge of user data for our products and use that knowledge to answer big-picture questions about how people interact with our products and what outcomes they achieve. Your work will ensure our products reach the people who need them, inform decisions all the way up to the executive level, and keep us ahead of the curve by identifying the metrics that matter.
Responsibilities and Outcomes
Provide accurate reporting on user engagement and behavior to internal consumers company-wide.
Consolidate frequent requests into dashboards and other on-demand resources.
Help the Customer Success and Sales teams make their cases with compelling quantitative claims and sound supporting evidence.
Identify trends in client, end user, and marketing data that make the Customer Success team more effective at driving adoption of our products. Write scripts that automate regular reporting to clients and partners.
Develop engaging ways to depict and present multifaceted outcomes data to clients.
Manage financial datasets and the processes for keeping them up-to-date and accurate.
Core Competencies
You should be able to write complicated SQL queries, be a power user of R or Python for data analysis and manipulation, have some experience with scripting, and have strong skills in Excel/ Google sheets.
Comprehensive data manipulation abilities that allow you to confidently transform data while maintaining its integrity using all the tools listed above.
Exceptional attention to detail - the numbers you share will have a big impact, so you will need to be sure that they reflect what you intend.
Strong communication and presentation skills. Analyzing and compiling data is only the first step - you also need to be able to effectively communicate your findings to the rest of the team (including people who aren’t familiar with data analysis).
Experience with stakeholder management. You will need to juggle diverse requests from across the company, so the ability to set expectations and hit the hard deadlines you agree to is essential.
Life at Big Health
Be part of a team that includes clinical psychologists, software engineers, business leaders and even a former professional magician [shh… it’s a secret].
Surround yourself with the smartest, most enthusiastic and dedicated people you’ll ever meet, but who listen well, learn from their mistakes and when things go wrong, generously pull together to help each other out
Check out our values - they’re a living, breathing part of our culture
Enjoy benefits including a generous vacation policy, professional development fund, flexible working locations and more.
Competitive salary packages including stock options.
Because we are on a mission to bring millions back to good mental health, we believe it’s essential to reflect the diversity of those we intend to serve. We’re an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building a culturally and experientially diverse team that leads with empathy and respect. Additionally, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance",4.9,"Big Health (CA)
4.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
308,Business Intelligence Analyst II,-1,"Summary:

NewRez is seeking an analyst to help us deliver deep insights to our Operations, Management, and Executive Teams. As a new member of the team you will partner with managers and front-line workers in various operations roles. You participate in projects designed to help understand and improve operational performance.

Responsibilities:

Support a group of operational functions by providing thoughtful, insightful, accurate and timely analytics.
Help drive the creation, design, and implementation of new business strategies that streamline current operating practices.
Demonstrate strong communication and listening skills, focused on conveying new ideas to performance managers and understanding potential obstacles to implementation.
Be able to clearly articulate and present ideas and findings to a varied audience including the operations staff and senior management.

Qualifications/Skills:

Strong business communication skills with an ability to work well in a collaborative environment.
Strong attention to detail and auditing of your own work.
Skilled in Excel (graphs, pivot tables, formulas). Experience visualizing data in Tableau/PowerBI/R/Python.
Fast learner – able to assimilate new ideas and thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Prior work experience performing business, data, and/or statistical analysis is a plus.

Educational Requirements:

Bachelor’s Degree in analytics, finance, economics, computer science, math or similar discipline and two or more years of experience as an analyst in a financial setting (a graduate degree may be considering as contributing towards work experience).",3.7,"NewRez
3.7","Fort Washington, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2018,Company - Public,Lending,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
309,Senior Data Engineer,"$95k-$174k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Brain Corp is a San Diego-based AI company creating transformative core technology for the robotics industry. Our diverse engineering teams in Software, Hardware Design, and Embedded Systems are creating comprehensive solutions to support the builders of today's autonomous machines in successfully producing, deploying, and supporting commercial robots across industries and applications. Brain Corp is funded by the SoftBank Vision Fund and Qualcomm Ventures. For more information please visit: https://www.braincorp.com/

Position Summary:

As a member of the Software Engineering team, the Senior Data Engineer owns the definition, execution, and delivery of technical architecture for Brain Corporation's Product Analytics team. Your work will improve the quality, reliability, accuracy, and consistency of our data. You will help build project-specific data pipelines and validation tools. You will have a hands-on role with product specialists and be responsible for working with them to understand data requirements and then implement those requirements in software.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Fully own critical portions of Brain Corporation's product analytics data model.
Collaborate with stakeholders to understand needs, model tables using data warehouse best practices, and develop data pipelines to ensure the timely delivery of high-quality data.
Work with technical and product stakeholders to understand data-oriented project requirements.
Write code that is understandable, simple, and easy to maintain.
Design, implement and ensure the accuracy of validation and related services for data models.
Think and work agile, including automated testing, continuous integration and deployment.
Manage numerous requests concurrently and strategically, prioritizing when necessary.
What you need:
Bachelor's in Computer Science or other related field.
5-8+ years software development experience.
Passionate about data quality and delivering effective data to impact the business.
Experience with sourcing and modeling data from application REST-like APIs.
MPP/Cloud data warehouse solutions (Snowflake, etc).
Proficiency in SQL, experience writing ETLs.
Proficiency in JavaScript/Node.js, Python, or willingness to translate experience in equivalent language.
Things that make a difference:
Master's in Computer Science or other related field.
Experience with Kafka, AMQP or other message bus.
OpenAPI/Swagger.
Express.js, NestJS.
SAML, OKTA.
Azure experience is a plus.
Being comfortable outside of your comfort zone - explore new tech, make your own tool, or find a new way to address an old problem.
Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential functions may require maintaining the physical condition necessary for sitting, walking or standing for periods of time; operating a computer and keyboard; talk and hear at normal room levels; using hands to finger, grasp, and feel; repetitive motion; close visual acuity to prepare and analyze data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; lift, push, carry, or pull up to 10 pounds.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate. Employee is exposed to the typical office environment with computers, printers and telephones.",3.6,"Brain Corp
3.6","San Diego, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
310,Senior Data Scientist (NLP),-1,"We are seeking an experienced, proactive data scientist to join our newly formed engineering team. An ideal candidate will have a strong background in natural language processing methods and experience with a range of text classification problems. We have a particular interest in event extraction/detection, entity recognition, slot-filling tasks, document classification, and zero-/few-shot learning. Secondary experience in forecasting, time series, and/or active learning methods will also be beneficial. As this is a new team, we are looking for candidates who are willing to help grow the organization by taking on a range of responsibilities across the technical spectrum, as well as effectively collaborate to deliver findings to our customers.

The position may require some on-site work in Northern Virginia for team and client meetings.

Responsibilities:
Research and develop machine learning methods for a wide range of text extraction and classification tasks, often with limited labels and/or in multiple languages
Design and implement tools for monitoring and forecasting trends in signals derived from text data
Work effectively, in an often self-directed environment, to estimate timelines, communicate progress, and identify avenues for future research and development
Perform analyses and generate detailed data products for internal stakeholders and external clients
Institute MLOps principles in our software development practices and platform development
Deliver version-controlled, documented, and reproducible analyses and experiments that can be readily transitioned into scalable inference services
Work Experience and Skills:
Advanced degree in computer science, math/statistics, engineering, linguistics, or a related field
5+ years of experience in the data science field (this is flexible depending on academic work)
Proficiency with major Python data science libraries, including the SciPy stack and Scikit-learn
Experience with at least one deep learning and/or NLP framework (Tensorflow, PyTorch, Transformers, etc.)
Familiarity with other commonly used technologies including linux operating systems, SQL/NoSQL databases, etc.
Ability to use git, as well as other version, workflow, and project management tools and technologies
Possess strong communications skills, with the ability to communicate complex ideas clearly and concisely to a range of audiences
Aptitude for learning quickly and a willingness to take on a wide range of responsibilities
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with other technologies and platforms in our stack, including: Docker, Dask, MLFlow, DVC, Kubernetes, GCP
Prior work in the marketing/communications and/or defense sectors
Ability to obtain and/or maintain a US government security clearance
Company Description:

Parenthetic is a small strategic consultancy, helping clients advance the way they influence attitudes and behaviors. We take a multidisciplinary approach to communication analysis, identifying and understanding the dynamic factors that will impact success. We then apply that knowledge to assist our clients in making smarter communication decisions designed to influence attitudes and behaviors. Leveraging methods developed in the commercial industry and refined for use by the USG, Parenthetic works at every stage of the communication development cycle, providing services in strategy and design; audience, competitor and communication landscape analysis; message content creation and assessment; and quantifying campaign effects.

Parenthetic is headquartered in Alexandria, VA and offers competitive salary, generous and flexible paid time off policy, comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits, and a retirement plan with company match.

_Parenthetic is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, or any other group protected by federal, state, or local law._

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Discount
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Company's website:
http://www.parenthetic.io/
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,Parenthetic LLC,"Washington, DC",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
311,Senior Data Scientist (NLP),-1,"We are seeking an experienced, proactive data scientist to join our newly formed engineering team. An ideal candidate will have a strong background in natural language processing methods and experience with a range of text classification problems. We have a particular interest in event extraction/detection, entity recognition, slot-filling tasks, document classification, and zero-/few-shot learning. Secondary experience in forecasting, time series, and/or active learning methods will also be beneficial. As this is a new team, we are looking for candidates who are willing to help grow the organization by taking on a range of responsibilities across the technical spectrum, as well as effectively collaborate to deliver findings to our customers.

The position may require some on-site work in Northern Virginia for team and client meetings.

Responsibilities:
Research and develop machine learning methods for a wide range of text extraction and classification tasks, often with limited labels and/or in multiple languages
Design and implement tools for monitoring and forecasting trends in signals derived from text data
Work effectively, in an often self-directed environment, to estimate timelines, communicate progress, and identify avenues for future research and development
Perform analyses and generate detailed data products for internal stakeholders and external clients
Institute MLOps principles in our software development practices and platform development
Deliver version-controlled, documented, and reproducible analyses and experiments that can be readily transitioned into scalable inference services
Work Experience and Skills:
Advanced degree in computer science, math/statistics, engineering, linguistics, or a related field
5+ years of experience in the data science field (this is flexible depending on academic work)
Proficiency with major Python data science libraries, including the SciPy stack and Scikit-learn
Experience with at least one deep learning and/or NLP framework (Tensorflow, PyTorch, Transformers, etc.)
Familiarity with other commonly used technologies including linux operating systems, SQL/NoSQL databases, etc.
Ability to use git, as well as other version, workflow, and project management tools and technologies
Possess strong communications skills, with the ability to communicate complex ideas clearly and concisely to a range of audiences
Aptitude for learning quickly and a willingness to take on a wide range of responsibilities
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with other technologies and platforms in our stack, including: Docker, Dask, MLFlow, DVC, Kubernetes, GCP
Prior work in the marketing/communications and/or defense sectors
Ability to obtain and/or maintain a US government security clearance
Company Description:

Parenthetic is a small strategic consultancy, helping clients advance the way they influence attitudes and behaviors. We take a multidisciplinary approach to communication analysis, identifying and understanding the dynamic factors that will impact success. We then apply that knowledge to assist our clients in making smarter communication decisions designed to influence attitudes and behaviors. Leveraging methods developed in the commercial industry and refined for use by the USG, Parenthetic works at every stage of the communication development cycle, providing services in strategy and design; audience, competitor and communication landscape analysis; message content creation and assessment; and quantifying campaign effects.

Parenthetic is headquartered in Alexandria, VA and offers competitive salary, generous and flexible paid time off policy, comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits, and a retirement plan with company match.

_Parenthetic is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, or any other group protected by federal, state, or local law._

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Discount
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Company's website:
http://www.parenthetic.io/
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,Parenthetic LLC,"Washington, DC",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
312,Senior Data Scientist (NLP),-1,"We are seeking an experienced, proactive data scientist to join our newly formed engineering team. An ideal candidate will have a strong background in natural language processing methods and experience with a range of text classification problems. We have a particular interest in event extraction/detection, entity recognition, slot-filling tasks, document classification, and zero-/few-shot learning. Secondary experience in forecasting, time series, and/or active learning methods will also be beneficial. As this is a new team, we are looking for candidates who are willing to help grow the organization by taking on a range of responsibilities across the technical spectrum, as well as effectively collaborate to deliver findings to our customers.

The position may require some on-site work in Northern Virginia for team and client meetings.

Responsibilities:
Research and develop machine learning methods for a wide range of text extraction and classification tasks, often with limited labels and/or in multiple languages
Design and implement tools for monitoring and forecasting trends in signals derived from text data
Work effectively, in an often self-directed environment, to estimate timelines, communicate progress, and identify avenues for future research and development
Perform analyses and generate detailed data products for internal stakeholders and external clients
Institute MLOps principles in our software development practices and platform development
Deliver version-controlled, documented, and reproducible analyses and experiments that can be readily transitioned into scalable inference services
Work Experience and Skills:
Advanced degree in computer science, math/statistics, engineering, linguistics, or a related field
5+ years of experience in the data science field (this is flexible depending on academic work)
Proficiency with major Python data science libraries, including the SciPy stack and Scikit-learn
Experience with at least one deep learning and/or NLP framework (Tensorflow, PyTorch, Transformers, etc.)
Familiarity with other commonly used technologies including linux operating systems, SQL/NoSQL databases, etc.
Ability to use git, as well as other version, workflow, and project management tools and technologies
Possess strong communications skills, with the ability to communicate complex ideas clearly and concisely to a range of audiences
Aptitude for learning quickly and a willingness to take on a wide range of responsibilities
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with other technologies and platforms in our stack, including: Docker, Dask, MLFlow, DVC, Kubernetes, GCP
Prior work in the marketing/communications and/or defense sectors
Ability to obtain and/or maintain a US government security clearance
Company Description:

Parenthetic is a small strategic consultancy, helping clients advance the way they influence attitudes and behaviors. We take a multidisciplinary approach to communication analysis, identifying and understanding the dynamic factors that will impact success. We then apply that knowledge to assist our clients in making smarter communication decisions designed to influence attitudes and behaviors. Leveraging methods developed in the commercial industry and refined for use by the USG, Parenthetic works at every stage of the communication development cycle, providing services in strategy and design; audience, competitor and communication landscape analysis; message content creation and assessment; and quantifying campaign effects.

Parenthetic is headquartered in Alexandria, VA and offers competitive salary, generous and flexible paid time off policy, comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits, and a retirement plan with company match.

_Parenthetic is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, or any other group protected by federal, state, or local law._

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Discount
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Company's website:
http://www.parenthetic.io/
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,Parenthetic LLC,"Washington, DC",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
313,Data Engineer,"$51k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer

Benefits Data Trust (BDT)
seeks a capable Data Engineer to help develop our new Google Cloud data platform and run our current data infrastructure. BDT embraces Data4Good and is a fast-growing, digitally enabled non-profit that improves benefits access for thousands of underserved people.

As part of our Data Engineering team in our Data Science department, the Data Engineer will:
Build out our new GCP data platform and collaborate on architectural patterns for it with the Data Engineering team
Support the development of machine learning models with productionizing, monitoring and alerting tools
Write, update, and maintain ETL jobs across our data pipelines (mostly in Airflow)
Implement continuous improvements using our existing tools/technologies, which include SQL, Airflow, Python, Docker/Kubernetes, and others such as Terraform and Apache Beam. May also be expected to research and select other tools when the situation demands
Collaborate with internal customers to identify ongoing platform improvements (teams including Analytics, Projects, Policy, Software Engineering, and others throughout the organization)
Consult to software engineers on data-related changes to BDT’s suite of software applications, including schema/model design, table structure, and data collection
Engage with colleagues and collaborators using curiosity, critical thinking, a drive to completion, empathy, and a focus on impact
Follow existing data access and performance design standards for the data platform, software engineering, and all products and services accessing BDT information
Based in our Center City Philadelphia office, the Data Engineer reports to the Director of Data Science.

Due to COVID-19, BDT is operating under a remote-working protocol, following governmental requirements and CDC guidelines. While this job will begin as fully remote, when BDT determines it is safe to do so based on public health recommendations, we will move back into our Centre Square office. At that time, all Philadelphia-based staff are expected to transition back into the office.

Successful candidates will demonstrate the following through their experience (typically 3-5 years as a Data Engineer):
Communication and Relationship-building – with technical peers and some stakeholders
Cloud-based Solution Implementation, of data platforms and infrastructure, including event-driven architectures, microservices and pattern design, supporting compliance and regulated environments (including PII and PHI)
Workflow and pipeline development to ensure reliability, availability, and consistency
Systems Engineering – on-system service management, typically in *nix environments
Data Modeling and Warehousing – proficient understanding of relational data structures and schemas; some familiarity with semi-structured, unstructured (big data) schemas
Automation, monitoring, and alerting – creating these tools based on existing designs and frameworks; resolving bugs and issues
Cloud engineering – working towards certification on any of the major hyperscale cloud platforms
Data Encapsulation & Transfer methodologies – understands standards for file formats and transfer methods
Also interested in relevant experience including:
o Experience with BI implementations/uplifts (we currently use Looker) and/or Data Governance models and methods
o Machine learning techniques, productionizing machine learning models, and/or creating models
About BDT

Benefits Data Trust (BDT) is a national nonprofit that helps people live healthier, more independent lives by creating smarter ways to access essential benefits and services. Each year, BDT helps tens of thousands of people receive critical supports using data, technology, targeted outreach, and policy change. Since its inception in 2005, BDT has screened more than one million households and secured over $7 billion in benefits and services. BDT employs more than 200 people and provides enrollment assistance to individuals in six states, and policy assistance to states nationwide. For more information, visit bdtrust.org.",3.3,"Benefits Data Trust
3.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
314,Associate Data Scientist,"$71k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is seeking an Associate Data Scientist to join our DHS Data Analytics Department. Responsibilities for this role will include the following:
Acquire fundamental understanding of analytical equipment and tools to include open source intelligence (OSINT) platforms
Operate analytical equipment and tools
Perform processing and analysis of collected information
Support the development and application of a technical process approach to a sponsor problem
Present results in an intuitive manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise and conduct insightful, actionable analyses
Utilize existing open source social media methodologies to apply specialized tools and capabilities in support of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) national security mission
Creatively apply visualizations to large datasets using tools like Tableau, Power BI, or Qlik
Ability to understand and map data relationships
Work with sponsors, vendors, and partner contractors to gain understanding of sponsor business challenges and evaluate possible technical solutions
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in a relevant discipline
Required Qualifications:
Ability to leverage both MITRE and team knowledge effectively
Ability to work with a variety of audiences to include sponsors, vendors, and partner contractors
Experience with databases technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB, Neo4j)
Experience manipulating datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R, Java, SQL, PL/SQL
Strong communications and interpersonal skills
Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills, adapted to a variety of audiences and technical understanding
Strong interpersonal communication skills to interact with senior Government staff, technical peers, and MITRE team members
Ability to work in a dynamic fast-paced environment
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience organizing analytic results for further analysis
Ability to find patterns in data and clearly articulate the entire analysis (e.g., methodology, results, assumptions, constraints) using various suites of tools
Experience with databases technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB, Neo4j)
Experience manipulating datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R, Java, SQL, PL/SQL
Creatively apply visualizations to large datasets using tools like Tableau, Power BI, or Qlik
Ability to assess the quality of data or tool against a set of requirements
Ability to prepare comprehensive written reports, presentations, and charts based on research, collection, and analysis of intelligence data
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
315,Data Engineer,"$60k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Lucid Perspectives, and E/3 Sentinel Company, provides proven problem solvers to our customers and their diverse needs. We help them achieve success by offering comprehensive management and technical solutions with a clear focus on their mission

The successful candidate will manipulate data and data flows for both existing and new systems performing ETL, analytical support and maintenance of critical data.

The data engineer will provide support in the areas of data extraction, transformation and load (ETL), data mapping, analytical support, operational support, database support, and maintenance support of data and associated systems.
As a member of the team, the data engineer will research, design, develop and/or modify enterprise-wide systems and/or application software.
The data engineer will research emerging technologies to determine impact on application execution. Troubleshoot complex problems and provide support for the ETL process. Prepare reports on analyses, findings and project progress

Ability to develop complex data flows, or make significant enhancement to existing pipelines
Experience building and maintaining data flows in NiFi or Pentaho
Experience with the following languages: Java/J2EE, C, C++, SQL, XML, XQuery, XPath, Ruby on Rails, HTML/XHTML, CSS, Python, Shell Scripting, JSON
Knowledge of servers operating systems; Windows, Linux, Distributed Computing, Blade Centers, and cloud infrastructure
Strong problem solving skills
Ability to comprehend database methodologies

Lucid Perspectives, an E/3 Sentinel Company, understands that our people are what make us great. We believe in a work/life balance while supporting the customers and mission we love. Our benefits are as follows: 7 weeks PTO (10 Federal Holidays along w/ 25 Vacation days), 10% 401K Contribution (100% vested on Day 1), 100% paid premiums Medical/Dental/Vision for the family, Life/Disability Insurance, Generous Tuition Reimbursement, Monthly Internet & Cell phone allowance, Technology Allowance, and Referral/Growth Incentive Bonus.
During the COVID19 pandemic we are actively taking measures to protect and support our employees. This includes support to our workforce that has returned to work on-site, those working remotely, and those employees supporting in a ready state or isolating at home.

Lucid Perspectives, E3/Sentinel Company, is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. Lucid Perspectives, an E3/Sentinel Company, hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Chantilly, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
316,Sr. Manager Advanced Analytics (Data Scientist),"$129k-$210k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Role Information

Job Title: Sr. Manager - Management Accounting (Data Scientist) (Advanced Analytics)
Department: Management Accounting
Business Unit: Administration
Reports To: Director - Business Intelligence & Advanced Analytics
Supervisory Role: Yes
FLSA Status: Exempt

Job Summary

The Sr. Manager - Management Accounting (Data Scientist) (Advanced Analytics) provides support to executive management and operational departments by developing complex data products that are integrated into business processes and generate added business value. The role will include partnering with internal stakeholders across the business locally and internationally. The individual optimizes business processes through modern machine learning techniques and supervises integrating the developed models into productive software.

Essential Functions
Develop and supervise complex data products that are integrated into business processes and generate added business value.
Ownership of full lifecycle development from analyzing current processes, providing functional specification, designing and developing solution, testing and providing on-going support once live
Through modern machine learning techniques, optimization of business processes using predictive and prescriptive methods.
Lead the transfer from current Excel-based analysis tools to advanced analytics products
Cross-analyze data from different sources in order to create new insights to the business to solve real-world business problem
Support the departments concerning questions of advanced analytics and development of own proposals to move the company forward
Responsible to research other potential software solutions
Integrate the developed models into productive software.
Upskill colleagues by creating a culture of experience exchange with the aim of improving understanding and efficiency of the department’s processes and products
Train and guide the work of other team members, quality checks on work and ensuring deadlines are met
Cultivate a culture of learning and knowledge extension in the department to better understand the “why” behind tasks and therefore increase efficiency
Perform all other duties as assigned
Required

Required Knowledge, Skills, Abilities

Strong knowledge in big-data technologies
Strong knowledge of machine learning, optimization, and data mining methods (e.g. with Python, R)
Statistical knowledge, predictive modelling
Knowledge of applying time-series / regression analysis, clustering-methods, effectiveness testing (A-/B-hypotheses testing) to solve diverse business problems
Strong Ability to understand complex problems and scenarios, and analyzing them in detail
Ability to work to tight deadlines and to deliver accurate results
Excellent communication skills and ability to work well in a team
Self-motivated and proactive individual with a can-do attitude and the ability to work on projects and solve problems independently

Preferred Knowledge, Skills, Abilities

German language skills

Required Education, Certifications/ Licenses, Related Experience

Bachelor’s Degree in data science, mathematics/statistics, computer science, physics, or a related subject
5+ years of experience in related field in corresponding subjects or related fields

Physical Job Requirements

Ability to work a variety of shifts including nights, weekends, and holidays as needed
Ability to work in a fast-paced working environment, including the store(s), distribution center(s), warehouse(s), and/or corporate office(s) with the capability to switch job functions/roles quickly
Ability to remain in a stationary position (standing and/or seated) more than half the time
Ability to maneuver cases of product (lift, move, carry, slide, etc.) up to 30 lbs.
Ability to operate machinery and/or equipment that requires the constant use of hands/fingers/wrists
Ability to spend more than half the time viewing computer monitors
Ability to identify and distinguish between colors more than half the time

Travel Requirements

This position commutes between stores, regional offices and/or distribution centers less than 25% of the time
This position requires overnight domestic travel less than 25% of the time
This position requires overnight international travel less than 25% of the time
Anticipated travel will be by car, air, and/or train
Preferred

Lidl US, LLC & Affiliates provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to, including but not limited to, race, sex, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity or expression, national origin or ethnicity, age, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, disability, or veteran status, in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.",3.5,"Lidl US
3.5","Arlington, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Private,Grocery Stores & Supermarkets,Retail,$10+ billion (USD),-1
317,Geospatial Data Engineer with TS/SCI Clearance,"$55k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Type of Requisition:

Regular

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

Top Secret/SCI

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:

Top Secret SCI + Polygraph

Suitability:

Polygraph

Public Trust/Other Required:

Job Family:

Systems Engineering

Job Description:

GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day. We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on TS/SCI level cleared Geospatial Data Engineer joining our team to support our Intelligence customer in Springfield, VA

The Geospatial Data Engineer is required to extract and/or acquire geospatial information, derivative information and multi-INT data for analysis and visualization to solve problems and enhance the knowledge of NGA missions. This also includes extracting specific feature data in accordance with the NGA Feature Data Specifications, project specific guidance, and other NGA data and product specifications.

Required Skills

BS/BA and 8+ years of experience or equivalent years of education and experience
At least 3+ years of experience in engineering and managing spatial data infrastructure to include both proprietary and open source technologies. This includes experience conducting data transformations between spatial data formats, QA/QC on data, understanding NSG data schemas, database management, and managing OGC compliant web services.
Must have a strong background in Relation Database Management System (RDBMS) and NoSQL concepts and tools to include firm understanding of SQL and Python syntax for ETL workflows.
Must be comfortable working in a linux shell environment as well as standard GUI management tools.
Prior experience deploying and using PostgreSQL and Postgis extension to manage spatial data.
Prior experience deploying and managing open source spatial data web servers such as GeoServer, MapServer, TileserverGL, or similar to enable OGC compliant web services.
Comfortable using GDAL, GRASS, GeoPandas, Rasterio, or other open source geoprocessing applications and tools.
Prior AWS Development or DevOps experience. Prior Elasticsearch experience creating and managing indexes.
Must have a Secret clearance and/or eligible for TS/SCI clearance

Job Duties

Create, update, and manage geospatial information system databases and products.
Obtain, compile and assess geospatial data sets to support requirements.
Collaborate with analysts and customers as required.
Use a variety of geospatial analysis software suites to accomplish the mission.
Provide geospatial analysis services in the form of datasets and visualization products

#GDITPriority

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Travel Required:

None

Telecommuting Options:

Telecommuting Not Allowed

Work Location:

USA VA Springfield

Additional Work Locations:

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.6,"General Dynamics
3.6","Springfield, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
318,Lead Data Scientist,"$94k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

The Lead Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Lead Data Scientist works on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial.

Responsibilities

The Lead Data Scientist develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. Creates reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics. Advises executives to develop functional strategies (often segment specific) on matters of significance. Exercises independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks, and works under minimal supervision, Uses independent judgment requiring analysis of variable factors and determining the best course of action.
Work closely with AI Implementation Lead to understand the key business feedback and implement in models when necessary
Ability to work within other workstreams in an overflow capacity
Required Qualifications

PhD + 2 years’ experience, Master’s Degree + 4 years’ experience OR Bachelor’s Degree + 6 years’ experience.
Data Analytics, Computer Science or related quantitative program.
2+ years’ experience in project, process or people leadership
Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions
Successful demonstrated experience in working on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial
Experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting
Experience in creating reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business
Ability to exercise independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks
Ability to works under minimal supervision, using independent judgment
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences

Preferred Qualifications

PhD

Additional Information

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40",3.8,"Humana
3.8","Boston, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1961,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
319,Sr. Data Scientist,"$108k-$169k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Commercial Lines BI team at Woodruff Sawyer is a newly founded capability to enhance the organizations capacity in providing data-backed insights to its clients seeking P&C and liability insurance. The members of this team will work closely with the VP of Commercial Lines Business Intelligence and other enterprise stakeholders to develop and roll out analytics solutions. A successful candidate will apply data science methodologies, actuarial methods, knowledge of insurance, and the latest technological tools to create reusable business intelligence assets.

What you will be doing:

With limited guidance from the leaders, managers, or project leads:
Primarily collects, prepares and analyzes data from various sources.
Executes formal exploratory data analysis for data science projects.
Develops re-usable templates and reports for the review and feedback by other team members.
Prepares analysis summaries and provides to the colleagues and leaders.
Conducts data research and presents findings.
Identifies areas of more in-depth analysis and builds prototypes for IT implementation.
Required Qualifications:
A graduate degree in any of the quantitative disciplines, e.g., Actuarial Science, Math, Engineering, Stats, Finance, or a related discipline.
Knowledge of basic data science algorithms demonstrable through internships, coursework, or a combination.
2+ years of experience in visual analysis packages such as Tableau / Power BI.
2+ years of experience in programming using Python or R.
Skilled in developing presentations in PowerPoint or equivalent.
2+ years of work experience in an insurance or FINTECH environment as a data scientist or BI analyst. (4+ for an undergraduate).
Knowledge of common insurance terminologies. A couple of actuarial exams is a plus.
What you'll be getting from us:
The opportunity to work with sharp, motivated co-workers in a collaborative and entrepreneurial team
A flexible work schedule
A fun office in vibrant downtown San Francisco
Security for your future: Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP), 401K with company match and profit sharing
Medical, Dental and Vision benefits for employees and families (including domestic partners)
Life Insurance, short term and long-term disability benefits
Paid vacation, holiday and sick days
Tuition reimbursement
Access to an Employee Assistance Program
Fun company and team outings",4.0,"Woodruff Sawyer
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1918,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
320,RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - MISSION DEVELOPMENT,"$70k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Develop, maintain, and enhance complex and diverse software systems (e.g., sensor network operations, processing-intensive application, analytics on various sized data sets, real-time systems, data visualizations and user interfaces, etc.). This development will include life cycle activities that include analyzing customer requirements, creating solid designs, developing innovative implementations, systems and network integration and ongoing customer interaction. Will be responsible for the translation of complex customer requirements into soundly designed and implemented technical solutions with emphasis on building software products for the Department of Defense, Intelligence Community and allied customers. Design and implement services and applications including software and systems that process SIGINT data, apply signal processing algorithms, develop, store and distribute processed results, and provide user visualization of analytical results. Responsibilities include: Participation in full life cycle software development tasks utilizing primarily Java and C++ development environments. Develop embedded, high-performance systems, as well as, web service and user interfaces. Participate in requirements analysis, software design, coding, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Operating as a nonprofit since our 1947 inception, we work in the public’s best interest and toward the betterment of mankind. Southwest Research Institute’s benefits program ranks among those of top private employers.


Education/Experience:


Requires a MS degree in Computer Science with 2-7 years of Software Development, Software Engineering, Sensor Network Systems, SIGINT, Geolocation, Information Exploitation, or Information Engineering experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. SwRI is seeking an experienced Software Engineer for collaborative work with the government customer and other SwRI software engineers to design, develop, install, deploy, operate, and manage software systems. Should have experience developing improvements for next-generation SIGINT systems and geolocation networks. Must have a working knowledge of software development processes including analysis of software requirements, application design, coding, unit and integration testing, software/hardware integration and software documentation with an emphasis in Java and C++ for application development ranging from embedded, high-performance systems to web service and user interface development. Candidates must have the ability to cross-train in multiple software development domains. Must be able to develop new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Must be able to work in teams and independently. Must have strong communications skills and should have demonstrated capabilities in software development leadership. A current TS/SCI FS Poly is required. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Hanover, Maryland. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Hanover, Maryland


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Hanover, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
321,Sr. DATA SCIENTIST,"$155k-$247k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Title: Sr. Data Scientist

Company: Samsung Research America (SRA)

Lab: Visual Display Intelligence Lab

Location: Mountain View, CA

Lab Summary:

At Visual Display Intelligence lab, Samsung Research America, we operate as a start-up while leveraging the broader assets of a larger global enterprise. We do advance research and development to immensely benefit our core business verticals in the space of Ads and Marketing. Our team primarily focuses on processing huge data sets, build robust and scalable big data pipelines, conduct advanced research in implementing state-of-the-art ML and AI techniques, build data services that are both real-time and batch based. All those combined provide the best-in-class experience to our customers across consumer electronics and internet of things. Many of our engineers take pride in publications, filing A-grade patents and build robust products and services.

Position Summary:

As a Staff Software Engineer you will primarily focus on building unified Audience platform by working directly with Product Managers, Lab leaders, researchers, Big data/AI/ML engineers, brainstorm different ideas and also build POCs and propose projects that cater to the broader business needs. If there is evinced interest to invest on those projects, you could lead them to fruition. You will help design data pipelines, maintain large scale distributed systems, help manage the modern data warehousing infrastructure, analyze key metrics for decision makers to provide visual insights that will change the company direction and benefit consumers. The ideal candidate will be someone who comes from a strong analytical background that has demonstrated experience in the following areas:

Responsibilities:
Build and maintain large scale distributed systems to support the whole pipeline from data collection and training to deployment and real-time serving
Write efficient implementations of ML algorithms over CPUs & GPUs
Integrate our in-house systems with open source technologies like Kubernetes and Tensorflow
Build abstractions to automate various steps in different ML workflows
Build tools to debug, visualize and inspect various features and models
Work with the engineers who use the platform, and help them be more impactful by improving the platform
Minimum Qualifications:
Strong knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals including object-oriented design, data structures, operating system, computer networks.
(5+ years) Software development experience, ideally in Python, Scala or Java
(5+ years) Experience with MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, Redis, Redshift, OracleDB or MongoDB
(3+ years) Microservice-oriented architectures and related OSS technologies (e.g. Kubernetes, Kafka, Celery/RabbitMQ, nginx, Redis, Airflow, etc)
(3+ years) Experience working in distributed and streaming environment, preferably using Spark, Kafka, Flink etc
(3+ years) Experience with AWS in an enterprise environment
(3+ years) CI/CD and test automation frameworks (Cypress.io, Jenkins, Appium, UIAutomation, Bazel, etc)
Preferred Qualifications:
BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical field
Strong communication and inter-personal skills
Experience with leading large-scale multi-engineer projects
Samsung is an EEO/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We welcome and encourage diversity as we strive to create an inclusive workplace.",3.8,"Samsung Research America
3.8","Mountain View, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
322,Data Engineer-Journeyman,"$75k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The NAVAIR Digital Group leads the digital transformation of NAVAIR and works to accelerate and scale digital/analytic technologies and capabilities across the NAVAIR Enterprise as a means to increase speed in the delivery and sustainment of warfighting capability. The Digital Group delivers and executes command-wide strategies that align activities and provides the workforce with agile self-service infrastructure, data accessibility, visualization and analytic tools, and digital/IT services to rapidly research, create, deploy, integrate, and maintain, applications, enterprise solutions, and other digital capabilities. NAVAIR’s digital transformation will require leveraging advanced digital tools to implement fundamentally different business models across all business, technology development, workforce, and mission operation domains. NAVAIR is committed to a digital culture that empowers the workforce to accelerate, innovate, collaborate, develop, and deliver capabilities to meet mission outcomes.

Selected candidate will:
Discovers opportunities for data acquisition and sensor integration; performs systems engineering for databases and data processing systems; develops data systems, architectures and models; leverages high-performance computing infrastructures into systems architecture; recommends best architectures, tools, and technologies to address organizational needs.
Interact with the government customer, military personal and other contractors as required
Qualifications:
Bachelors degree is required is related field and (3) three to (10) years of experience
Candidate is required to pass a background Investigation
Security+ certification is required.
Security Clearance Requirements: * An active DoD secret clearance is required or higher
Overview: Sabre Systems, Inc. is a quality driven, customer focused large business providing innovative solutions in the areas of Cyber, C4ISR, Business Intelligence and Data Analytics, and Enterprise Modernization to federal and civilian customers. Our mission is to ensure our customers have the technology, services, and expertise to overcome threats, maintain superiority, and quickly adapt to emerging obstacles. At Sabre, we're more than just a job - we're a team - and we care for and nurture our employees like family. If you want to be a part of creating and implementing enduring solutions that transform mission challenges into mission success – join Sabre!

Sabre provides an excellent benefits package, which includes healthcare, paid days off, tuition reimbursement, and a 401K plan.

We respect the unique perspectives that a diverse workforce of minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans brings not only to our company, but also to our customers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.

EOE: Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

#LI-PH1

Job Type: Full-time",4.8,"Sabre Systems
4.8","Patuxent River, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
323,Senior Data Modeler / Business Analyst,-1,"Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst
Location: Midtown Atlanta (remote during COVID)
Duration: 24month +

MUST HAVE
Business Analysis experience - capable of accurate requirements gathering and display excellent written communication skills.
Apache Hadoop environment
Exceptional SQL querying
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (Dimensional design, Entity Relationship diagrams)
Job Description
Seeking Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst The successful candidate must have solid data modeling and business analyst experience and must demonstrate an affinity for working with others to create successful Business Intelligence (BI) and Data Warehouse (DW) solutions. He/She must be an excellent communicator, both written and verbal, and have experience working with business areas to translate their business data needs and data questions into project requirements. He/she must also have an educational background in Data Analysis and Data Modeling as well as on the job experience as a data modeler.
This position provides the opportunity to be involved in new BI and DW solutions, such as Dashboards and Reports, and to work with many different business areas within the company. The candidate will participate in all phases of the BI/DW development life cycle and will independently and collaboratively write project/enhancement requirements and perform data modeling duties.
He/She will coordinate with technical BI/DW development staff through design, construction and implementation as a business area liaison, consultant and UAT tester.

Skills and Experience:
Required:
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (5+ years) on the following platforms:
Teradata and either Oracle or DB2
Experience in using data modeling techniques and tools (focused on Dimensional design), Entity Relationship diagrams, ERWIN, etc.
Exceptional SQL skills with ability to write complex queries
Experience in translating business requirements to SQL-based ETL
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Proficient testing skills unit, system and integration
Strong business analyst and requirements gathering/writing skills
Experience in developing according to SDLC and accustomed to working with technical documents (flowcharts, programming specifications, etc.)
Excellent verbal/written communication and presentation skills
Apache Hadoop ecosystem
Nice To Have (candidates will get preference)
Data Relational & Dimensional modeling on the following platforms:
Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MS Access
Knowledge of CA Erwin Data Modeler
Knowledge of DataStage development techniques
Knowledge of Unix/Linux platform and shell scripting
Experience with Teradata or Oracle/Exadata database performance tuning
Experience with ChangeMan MVS code versioning software
Experience with Zeke MVS/Zeke Agent Job scheduler
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite
Railroad knowledge and experience
Analyst Attitude Profile:
Self-starter, responsible, professional, accountable
A finisher, seeing a project or task through to completion in spite of challenges
Strong team ethic and customer-support focus
Ability to contribute knowledge by sharing business & technology skills with peers
Good troubleshooting and problem-solving skills and instincts
Education
Bachelors Degree preferred. Preferably in Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or related field

#aptonetjobs",5.0,"Aptonet Inc
5.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
324,Scientist I,"$48k-$107k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Scientist I*
As a Scientist I at Invivoscribe you are responsible for developing new and improving existing products in a regulated research environment. It is his/her job to ensure that the research and development activities follow company protocols and comply with applicable regulations, industry standards and company Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). More specifically:

· Supports development projects, which can include generating analytical data for an FDA submission.

· Maintains a laboratory notebook that records all aspects of experimental design and results. Reviews laboratory notebooks of lower level direct reports if applicable. When applicable, maintains electronic copies of experiments, procedures, instructions, data and analysis in appropriate locations.

· Initiates, designs and executes product development studies including product planning, feasibility, optimization, validation and verification with minimum supervision.

· Writes and finalizes development plans (Product specifications, Design and Development Plans), protocols and reports according to known standards when they are available. Responsible for accuracy and completeness of auditable documents.

· Solves complex development challenges independently. Works closely with cross-functional departments to develop, transfer and sustain new products.
Skills and Experience Required: *
· Ph.D with 3+ years of industry experience, an MS with 5+ years or a BS with 10+ years in Molecular Biology or scientifically related field in a regulated environment.

· Familiarity with quality and regulatory requirements for medical devices including QSR, ISO quality system standards and the IVD Directive.

· Extensive knowledge of molecular biology, molecular immunology, biochemistry, chemistry or related disciplines.

· Hands-on experience with next-generation sequencing for diagnostics or cancer research, nucleic acid purification from clinical samples, multiplex PCR and assay optimizations using DOE.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.invivoscribe.com",3.2,"Invivoscribe, Inc.
3.2","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
325,Product and Data Analyst,"$46k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Canal Insurance

Canal Insurance Company specializes in insurance for commercial trucking and specialty transportation operations. Canal was founded in 1939 and is located in Greenville, South Carolina. At Canal, we recognize that our success would not be possible without the hard work and dedication of our employees. We know that happiness and productivity go hand in hand, and to that end, we consciously cultivate a culture that enables us to recruit and retain the very best talent in the business.

Product& Data Analyst:

** Must be willing to relocate to Greenville, South Carolina **

The Product and Data Analyst position is responsible for providing analytical support to Product Managers within a designated region, group of states, or function and for maintaining regularly generated reports, answering ad hoc data questions and distributing these results to all levels of management. The analyst will also support the companies modeling efforts by monitoring the results of models as well as refreshing existing models.

Major Accountabilities:
Complete recommendations for pricing adequacy and participate in strategies that consider multiple business dimensions for profit, growth and expense for specific states and regions.
Accurately and concisely communicate findings of analysis. Proactively solicit input from business leaders on rate plans and progress.
Monitor incoming business and communicate results to product managers, business units and marketing staff.
Query data from multiple sources, check for completeness and accuracy, and produce regularly scheduled as well as ad hoc reports.
Collaborate with IT in the research and solution of data issues within source systems and downstream applications.
Monitor existing models to see that they continue to be effective, or to suggest improvements.
Refresh and reparametrize existing predictive models.
Perform other duties as assigned by Management.
Qualifications

Education/Training Requirements: Bachelor’s degree required with a concentration in Business, Finance, Economics, Mathematics or Computer Science preferred.

Experience/Specialized Skills: Minimum three years of experience analyzing data identification of data anomalies required. Basic technical knowledge and intermediate operational knowledge in underwriting preferred. Intermediate knowledge of database functionality required. Advanced querying skills (PowerPivot, SQL, R, or SAS) preferred. At least three years of experience analyzing data with a critical eye towards reasonability and identification of data anomalies. Prior experience developing or using results from regression models or decision trees is strongly preferred. Insurance industry experience preferred, but not required. Advanced computer skills (word processing, spreadsheets, databases, Internet, e-mail) required.

Special Considerations

Physical Requirements: Constant use of vision, hearing, and communication (oral and written in person and via telephone). Frequent concentration, standing, walking, handling, reaching, and grasping. Occasional bending, kneeling and lifting (up to 25 lbs.). Heavy use of computer and office equipment.

Additional Requirements: Occasional travel may be required. Periodic work outside of standard business hours or on weekends may be required.",3.8,"Canal Insurance
3.8","Greenville, SC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1939,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
326,Data Analyst,"$33k-$57k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Details
Description

MetroNet has an immediate opening for an energetic; Data Analyst in Evansville, IN!

At MetroNet, we pride ourselves on providing cutting-edge technology combined with outstanding customer care. We are a fast-growing telecommunication company, offering 100% fiber-optic technology. MetroNet specializes in fiber to the premise TV, voice and internet services that provide our customers with some of the fastest internet speeds in the world. Recognized for being one of the Best Places to Work in 2020 by Glassdoor. We are committed to revolutionizing the industry by enhancing the overall customer experience and optimizing the talent of our valued associates.

We’re looking for tech-savvy, innovative thinkers to join our team and help us create what’s next!

What is in it for you?

Competitive total compensation package
80% of Medical premiums paid for by company
Company paid Disability and Life insurance
401(k) company match and 100% vested on day 1
Discounted MetroNet service in our serviceable area
Flexible schedule
Locally owned, friendly, fun atmosphere

Job Summary:

Data Analysts in the analytics department are both full-time analysts and full-time project managers. They are also part-time report creators, part-time geospatial analysts, and part-time mad scientist. Our product is data, and our process is creative. We support every part of the business from the initial review of potential markets, to design, construction, sales, field services, management and customer service. Our analyst positions are expected to be able to solve problems and derive insights, sometimes even when none had been thought possible. We are a creative group; we do a lot of individual and also team-based collaborative work. We manage projects throughout their entire life cycle, from requirements to support. We are not an I.T. department, although we perform many functions that a typical I.T. department does. We are problem solvers, process improvers, and data storytellers.

What you will be doing:

Reviews, analyzes, and evaluates business systems and user needs.
Developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquiring data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases
Manages the progress of projects and drives them to completion, sets customer and managerial expectations, and communicates status.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complicated data sets and effectively communicate this information with management

What You Need For This Position:

Business process analysis and project management.
Telecommunication industry experience desirable.
Strong analytical skillswith the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent interpersonal, analytical, organizational, and problem-solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Experience and comfort with Microsoft Office products
SQL experience a huge plus
The desire to succeed, improve, and learn

If you have a strong desire to impact, the success of our organization by ensuring we continue to attract and retain committed professionals, please apply today!

MetroNet is an EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

#ZR",4.5,"MetroNet
4.5","Evansville, IN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
327,Lead Data Engineer,"$93k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Discover. A brighter future.

With Discover, you’ll have the chance to make a difference at one of the world’s leading digital banking and payments companies. From Day 1, you’ll do meaningful work you’re passionate about, with the support and resources you need for success. We value what makes each employee unique and provide a collaborative, team-based culture that gives everyone an opportunity to shine. Be the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future, while building the future you want, here at Discover.

Job Description

At Discover, be part of a culture where diversity, teamwork and collaboration reign. Join a company that is just as employee-focused as it is on its customers and is consistently awarded for both. We’re all about people, and our employees are why Discover is a great place to work. Be the reason we help millions of consumers build a brighter financial future and achieve yours along the way with a rewarding career.

Discover Financial Services is seeking a Lead Data Engineer to join our Bank DSL Data Operations team. Successful candidates will partner with our business partners to understand their data needs, build data pipelines using cutting edge AWS and on prem technologies, develop and execute test cases and provide technical leadership to peer engineers for highly complex and critical data projects.

Responsible for designing and developing data-driven platforms and next-generation analytic technologies.

Responsibilities

Provide engineering leadership to create and enhance CI/CD pipeline to ensure Business Analysts can build, test, deploy and iterate quickly
Design and develop data ingestion frameworks leveraging Open-Source tools such as Java, Spark, Python, as well as data processing/transformation frameworks leveraging Open-Source tools
Design and develop AbInitio data applications
Building micro services based designs & solutions within the ETL data pipeline on Container Platforms (e.g Kubernetes & Open Shift)
Well verse with AWS, Cloud Platforms and experience on hybrid cloud data strategy solutions along with experience working with / in Data Warehouse teams that solve big data problems and challenges
Identify opportunities for automation and create POC's of new ideas, as well as scale them into Generic Patterns
Provide support for deployed data applications and analytical models
Develop and maintain complex front-ends focused on user experience.
Develop and maintain back-end systems.
Work with key stakeholders to design complex solutions and lead from inception to production.
Create and maintain DevOps processes, application infrastructure, and utilize cloud services (including database systems and models).
Innovate on and advocate for best practices and improved team processes.
Mentor junior team members.
Support live systems to ensure business continuity.

Qualifications You’ll Need

The Basics

Bachelor’s degree in information technology or related field
6+ years of experience in computer science, information technology or related field
In lieu of degree, 8+ years of experience in computer science, information technology or related field

Bonus Points If You Have

AWS Dev Ops Engineer or Solutions Architect Certification

2+ years of experience solving problems and implementing solutions using the AWS Cloud
Proficiency with Stream Data Platforms
Proficiency in SQL and ability to write and optimize complex queries
Working knowledge of Ab Initio or other ETL technologies, Spark/Python
Experience with IBM Workload or other scheduling services
Experience with CI/CD tools, such as Jenkins
Understanding of API architecture and capabilities
Self-starter, Engineering Mindset, Innovator & Individual Contributor, Bring ideas to whiteboard and adopt with an agile mindset.

#LI-KE

What are you waiting for? Apply today!

The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.",3.8,"Discover
3.8","Crystal Lake, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
328,Data Engineer,"Employer Provided Salary:
$45-$55 Per Hour","StarsHR has the following contract opportunity available with our client in St. Louis.

Data Engineer

Required
5 years or more experience in Java, Scala or Python.
Ability to perform complex data analysis with large volumes of data.
Experience with stream processing, e.g. Kafka, Spark Streaming, Akka, Flink, etc..
Expert level proficiency in SQL.
Experience data modeling for large scale databases, either relational or NoSQL (graph, key:value, document, etc.) • 5+ years experience with developing ETL/Data Pipeline solutions.
Proven experience (2 years) with distributed systems, e.g. Mesos, Kubernetes, Spark, Hadoop, distributed databases, grid computing
Desired:
Experience developing and utilizing Data Lakes.
Experience with data privacy concerns
Ability to build and maintain modern cloud architecture, e.g. AWS, Google Cloud, etc.
Experience contributing to open source projects
• Knowledge of data science practices, to better steer our efforts to support them through the infrastructure we create",4.6,"StarsHR
4.6","Saint Louis, MO",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
329,Data Engineer,"$65k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer

Alignment Healthcare was founded with a mission to revolutionize health care with a serving heart culture. Through its unique integrated care delivery models, deep physician partnerships and use of proprietary technologies, Alignment is committed to transforming health care one person at a time.

By becoming a part of the Alignment Healthcare team, you will provide members with the quality of care they truly need and deserve. We believe that great work comes from people who are inspired to be their best. We have built a team of talented and experienced people who are passionate about transforming the lives of the seniors we serve. In this fast-growing company, you will find ample room for growth and innovation alongside the Alignment community.

Position Summary:
Alignment Healthcare is a data and technology driven healthcare company focused partnering with health systems, health plans and provider groups to provide care delivery that is preventive, convenient, coordinated, and that results in improved clinical outcomes for seniors.

We are experiencing rapid growth (backed by top private equity firms), our Data Services and BI team is looking for the best and brightest leaders. Data drives the way we make decisions. We love our customers and understanding them better makes it possible to provide the best clinical outcome and care experience.

This position will play a key role in building and operating a cloud-based data platform and its pipelines using big data technologies.

As a Data Engineer, you will develop a new data engineering platform that leverage a new cloud architecture, and will extend or migrate our existing data pipelines to this architecture as needed. You will also be assisting with integrating the SQL data warehouse platform as our primary processing platform to create the curated enterprise data model for the company to leverage. You will be part of a team building the next generation data platform and to drive the adoption of new technologies and new practices in existing implementations. You will be responsible for designing and implementing the complex ETL pipelines in cloud data platform and other solutions to support the rapidly growing and dynamic business demand for data, and use it to deliver the data as service which will have an immediate influence on day-to-day decision making.

General Duties/Responsibilities:

(May include but are not limited to)
Interfacing with business customers, gathering requirements and developing new datasets in data platform
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Identifying the data quality issues to address them immediately to provide great user experience
Extracting and combining data from various heterogeneous data sources
Designing, implementing and supporting a platform that can provide ad-hoc access to large datasets
Modelling data and metadata to support machine learning and AI
Minimum Requirements:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Minimum Experience:
3+ years relevant experience in cloud based data engineering.
Demonstrated ability in data modeling, ETL development, EDI Development and data warehousing.
Data Warehousing Experience with SQL Server, Oracle, Redshift, Teradata, etc.
Experience with Big Data Technologies (NoSQL databases, Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Pig, Spark, Elasticsearch etc.)
Experience in using Python, .net, Java and/or other data engineering languages
Knowledge and experience of SQL Server and SSIS.
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions
Education/Licensure:
Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field
Other:
Excellent communication, analytical and collaborative problem-solving skills
Requires Spark and Scala
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Preferred
Healthcare domain and data experience
Healthcare EDI experience is a plus
API development experience is a plus
Industry experience as a Data Engineer or related specialty (e.g., Software Engineer, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Scientist) with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets.
Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets
Experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple sources
Experience leading large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects, including using Azure or AWS technologies – SQL Server, Redshift, S3, EC2, Data-pipeline, Data Lake, Data Factory and other big data technologies
Experience providing technical leadership and mentor other engineers for the best practices on the data engineering space
Linux/UNIX including to process large data sets.
Experience with Azure, AWS or GCP is a plus
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in an agile, dynamic startup environment
Problem solving skills and Ability to meet deadlines are a must
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Python and Java are a plus,
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions preferred
Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Essential Physical Functions:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee regularly is required to stand, walk, sit, use hand to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; and reach with hands and arms.
The employee frequently lifts and/or moves up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and the ability to adjust focus.
Alignment Healthcare, LLC is proud to practice Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action. We are looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment: Minority/Female/Disable/Protected Veteran.
If you require any reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) in completing the online application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please contact careers@ahcusa.com.
(function() { var ac = document.createElement('script'); ac.type = 'text/javascript'; ac.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://' : 'http://') + 'click.appcast.io/pixels/grpeople1-1573.js?ent=8&t=' + new Date().getTime(); var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ac, s); })();",3.5,"Alignment Healthcare
3.5","Orange, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
330,Senior Perception Scientist for Marine Autonomy,-1,"Sea Machines is a fast-growing startup specializing in autonomous technology for marine vessels. We’re passionate about applying practical A.I. to the massive global ocean transportation market. Our products provide ships and workboats the intelligence to work remotely and give maritime operators the tools to effectively communicate with them. Based in Boston and operating globally, the company is crewed by an experienced team of mariners, engineers, coders, and autonomy scientists. Our culture is dynamic, collaborative and biased towards execution.

Sea Machines is venture-funded, and we’ve introduced our first product, the Sea Machines 300. We’re located on the East Boston waterfront in historic Jeffries Point, with quick access to the T and water taxis.

We are seeking a Perception Engineer with deep learning and computer vision experience to actively push the next stage of perception R&D at Sea Machines which tackles the exciting challenges of moving the world’s fleets to the era of autonomous operations. This role will focus on developing state-of-art algorithms deployed on marine vessels to perform real time performance in conjunction with the existing perception team. A focus will be on object recognition, distance estimation, semantic segmentation, and sensor fusion from large scale data sets with multi-sensor data (AIS, Radar, LiDAR, visible cameras, thermal cameras, etc.).
Responsibilities*
Design, development and integration of high-quality perception technology related to machine learning, deep learning, computer vision and image processing
Develop state of art technology related to object classification, object recognition, distance estimation and semantic segmentation on SMR vessels
Perform machine learning and use image processing technology to analyze, cluster, clean real-world data as the preparation for further development
Explore and select state-of-art deep learning, machine learning framework to conduct training on real-world data
Deploy high quality algorithms/code/models on SMR vessels and customer vessels for better performance
Analyze real world data and perform performance evaluation of delivered technology
Maintain software documentation and assist in the development of user documentation
Participate as a multi-disciplinary engineering team member including team meetings, stand-ups & quality reviews in a mostly remote environment.
Work cross-functionally with technical teams deploying high quality perception system to support prototyping and product development.
Requirements and Skills*
Must be a U.S. citizen
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related fields, with a publication record on relevant topics.
Professional experience in deep learning-based computer vision topics, related to detection, classification, tracking, recognition, segmentation, sensor fusion.
Hands-on experience with developing, training, benchmarking and deploying deep learning models in real world data.
Professional experience in deploying deep learning models on real-world data in TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch
Professional experience with Git, Python, Scikit-learn, Linux, Jupyter Notebook, Cloud Computing/Storage
Excellent analytical and program solving skills, excellent written and oral communication, self-starter and highly motivated.
Experience with large scale data collection, data cleaning, data analysis and regression test
Experience collaborating with other functional teams to seamlessly integrate software and hardware
Bonus*
Professional C++ programing and software design skills including debugging, performance analysis and test design.
Proficiency on GPU computing and parallel programing
Familiar with Spark ML
Publication record in top-tier computer vision or machine learning conferences
Professional experience deploying computer vision or deep learning models on industrial-grade software
Understanding and appreciation of hardened industrial systems
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location",4.1,"Sea Machines Robotics Inc.
4.1","Boston, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Shipping,Transportation & Logistics,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
331,Air Compliance Staff Engineer or Scientist,"$43k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","SCS Engineers is an employee-owned environmental consulting and contracting firm that designs and implements sustainable environmental solutions. We just celebrated our 50th anniversary as a company on April 1, 2020! Our core capabilities are: solid and hazardous waste management, landfill gas, environmental due-diligence and assessment, brownfields redevelopment , site remediation, renewable energy, and regulatory compliance for businesses and municipalities responsible for protecting our air, water, and soil. Our employees take pride in their work, and together, we have the singular vision to be the environmental firm of choice for clients and our employee owners. If you thrive in a friendly, collaborative company and desire dynamic and challenging work among a team of innovative individuals, then SCS is the place for you. Are you up for the challenge?

Job Summary

To support our ongoing environmental consulting business efforts, SCS Engineers is looking for an air compliance specialist to become a long-term asset to our growing practice in California. This individual will be required to complete technical work, manage and maintain contact with clients, and manage the schedule and work product performed consistent within SCSs quality control standards. We prefer this person to be based in Long Beach, but are open to them being based in another SCS California office.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Air quality permitting and compliance; greenhouse gas emissions compliance; general regulatory compliance; various permitting for solid waste and industrial facility projects
Technical work may include completing calculations, reviewing compliance issues, preparing permitting documentation, reviewing data, research, and report writing as well as related services.
Work may also include in field activities, such as field meetings on engineering-related issues, oversight of construction activities, collection of samples, site inspections, etc.
Client interaction and preparation of proposals will be required on an as needed basis
Occasional travel may be required.
Qualifications
Bachelors of Science Degree or higher in Environmental, Chemical, or Civil Engineering, or other Science degree required
2 to 5 years of related experience in Air Quality and/or related disciplines required
Engineer-in-Training (EIT) preferred for engineering candidates
Demonstrated knowledge in Air Compliance required
Strong communication skills, oral and written (technical)
Valid drivers license with a driving record in good standing required
MS Office software, with particular demonstrated skills in MS Excel; AutoCAD and/or GIS expertise would be a plus
At SCS, you will have an opportunity to contribute to our strategic direction, help us continue to grow, and provide our clients with responsive, innovative, high quality client service. We offer excellent opportunities for career advancement and a competitive compensation package, including: medical, dental, vision, 401K, ESOP, Student Debt Employer Contribution Program, paid holidays and PTO.

SCS Engineers is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). SCS provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran or disabled status.

If you have questions, difficulty using our online system and/or you need an accommodation due to a disability then please contact us about your interest in employment at recruiting@scsengineers.com.",4.1,"SCS Engineers
4.1","Long Beach, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
332,"Computational Scientist, Machine Learning","$86k-$154k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ROLE SUMMARY

The Pfizer Simulation and Modeling Sciences (SMS) group has an opening for a computational methods developer with strong expertise in computational biology, bioinformatics, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML). Working with the biotherapeutics group, the successful candidate will leverage skills in sequence analysis, protein structure modeling, machine learning, and scientific programming to develop AI models and computational tools that enable design of antibody therapeutics and prediction of biophysical and therapeutic properties. To be successful in this role, the incumbent must be able to effectively collaborate with colleagues with diverse scientific background, identify problems and opportunities, and combine techniques from computational biology and AI, in particular recent advances in deep learning, to rapidly develop powerful computational solutions.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Identify novel and creative applications of deep learning approaches to advance discovery and development of antibody therapeutics.
Collaborate across biotherapeutics organization to implement powerful AI models and cutting-edge computational tools to enable rapid developability assessment of novel monoclonal antibodies.
Effectively utilize relevant public and proprietary databases and available computational resources (internal HPC and Cloud) to develop ML models to predict important biophysical and therapeutic properties of antibodies.
Occasionally contribute to the ongoing and new ML-related efforts within SMS in the area of small molecule discovery and development.
Leverage proprietary computational framework and applications to deploy AI/ML models for wide usage by Pfizer scientists.
Proactively identify, assess, and internalize promising methods and tools.
Communicate and explain computational models and ML techniques to broad scientific audience from diverse discipline.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Ph.D. in computational biology, chemical engineering, computer science, physical or biological sciences, machine learning, or related discipline.
Experience with several machine learning algorithms (e.g. Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, Deep Neural Networks) and packages (e.g. Sci-kit Learn, Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch).
Track record of applying machine learning, in particular modern deep learning approaches, to solve relevant biological problems.
Familiarity with concepts, techniques, and common tools used for sequence analysis and protein structure modeling.
Experience with Unix/Linux, HPC environments, and high-level programming language (e.g. Python).
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Demonstrated track record of applying AI/ML, in particular cutting-edge deep learning techniques such as ConvNet, RNN, generative modeling, and reinforcement learning to tackle complex drug discovery and development problems.
Experience in applying ML to immunology data, e.g. HLA peptide binding.
OTHER INFORMATION
Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus
#LI-PFE
Sunshine Act

Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
EEO & Employment Eligibility

Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
Information & Business Tech",4.1,"Pfizer
4.1","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1849,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
333,Data Scientist,"$111k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Duties & Responsibilities
Bring Creativity to Data products.
Analyze transaction data.
Build models to predict possible finance operation inconsistencies.
Use machine learning methods to perform transaction matching (matching algorithms).
Cleanse raw data for use in models.
Perform data munging, data mining, clustering & classification methods, pattern recognition.
Comfortable with Statistics, Calculus & Multivariate analysis.
You will work closely with a small R&D team with Product Managers, Data Engineers & Analysts. The R&D team will experiment with the data and come up with POC's.
Familiar with SQL, Python, R, Spark MLib, AWS, SQL Server, Redshift.
Most of the data currently lives in SQL Server. We are experimenting with AWS Redshift as well. Python for coding and someone with experience with Spark MLib & Machine learning is a big plus.
Qualifications
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches.
Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources.
A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data.
A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision.
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.
Familiarity with relational databases and SQL
Expert knowledge of an analysis tool such as R, Matlab, or SAS
Strong working knowledge of financials
Acquired skills would include Data Warehousing, ETL, BI, Data Mining, and Machine Learning.
Strong written and verbal skills – able to explain the work in plain language
MS in Computer Science or other quantitative disciplines or BA with 2+ years applicable experience",3.9,"BlackLine
3.9","Woodland Hills, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
334,Data Manager,-1,"Testing is the most significant bottleneck in the response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Broad testing is the fastest way to safely return to work, to school, and to normal life. SummerBio is a mission-driven company made up of life science automation engineers, molecular biologists, laboratory scientists, public health professionals, supply chain experts, software engineers and designers that was founded to scale up rapid, low-cost, mass-scale testing.

We have created an end-to-end COVID-19 test system designed from the ground up to massively automate the existing gold-standard RT-PCR test based on commercially-available and scalable consumables.

Join SummerBio and help us solve COVID-19 testing for all.
Job Responsibilities*
Create standard operating procedures for data management
Complete descriptive analyses of data
Coordinate data transfers between our team and clients
Perform data quality assurance, ensuring data completeness and accuracy
Ensure HIPAA compliance and de-identifying data
Create linkage identifiers
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques.
Develop and implement data analyses, data collection systems, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases/data systems.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports.
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Filter and ""clean"" data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems.
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs.
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.
Job Requirements*
Bachelor’s degree; preferably in data analytics or computer engineering
A minimum of 5 years experience in a data management for commercial LDT diagnostic product development and commercialization
Experience working with large datasets
Intermediate to advanced SQL skills
Familiarity with best practices of data management and governance
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Strong communication skills
Experience with Python, R, Scala, or Java preferred
Experience with healthcare data (PHI) compliant with HIPAA requirements is required
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
LDT diagnostic data management : 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Company's website:
https://www.summer.bio/
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SummerBio,"Menlo Park, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
335,Head of Data & Insights,-1,"As Skillshare’s Head of Data and Analytics, you’ll lead and develop the team that answers the big questions that shape the growth of our business and community. Reporting to our CFO, this will be a highly visible, cross-functional role that works closely with the company’s executive leadership and supports their various teams and functions. With more than 12 million users, 30,000 classes and hundreds of millions of minutes watched every year, this is a data leader’s dream job.
What you'll do:
Data and analytics: Your team will answer the big questions around our product, content, and community. What content drives the most engagement and retention? How do we cluster and segment our users to deliver a personalized experience? What features help us optimize for retention and growth?
Business intelligence: The day-to-day tracking of our core operations. Every week you’ll lead the conversation about what numbers are up or down and why, and keep the departmental leads focused on the most important metrics and KPIs.
Data foundations & infrastructure: We see the data organization as absolutely essential to our long-term growth and strategy, and we will look to you to see around corners and develop the people, processes, and infrastructure we need to reach our full potential. In this function, you will partner closely with the data engineering team and our CTO.
Why we're excited about you:
Communications: Data can make your head hurt, but you package and communicate the essential information in a way that is perfectly tailored to your audience. You can go deep and technical with your team of data scientists, and you can bring it up a few notches for Board presentations and investor decks.
Partnership: This is a highly cross-functional role, and your visibility and accessibility across the organization make you a go-to resource and valued partner to our teams.
Technical skill: You inherit a strong group of data scientists and analysts, and your technical expertise makes you a valuable sounding board and mentor to the current team and future hires.
People management: We place a lot of value on great managers, and you are an accomplished leader, coach, recruiter, and mentor.
Strategic: You may have the technical details nailed, but you know how to pull back and see the forest through the trees. Your insights will be essential as we plot our long-term strategy and vision.
Why you're excited about us:
Impact: There are few roles at Skillshare that will have more impact and visibility. Your team will be partnering with every department to give them the data and insights they need to achieve their goals.
Growth: You’ll have the opportunity to wear a lot of hats and take on more responsibility over time. We have a fresh $70 million in capital and a very, very long to-do list.
Teamwork: We have a passionate, talented team that is a lot of fun to work with.
Mission: We’re doing work that matters – connecting lifelong learners around the world and empowering them to pursue their creativity.
Flexibility: We believe that doing your best work means living a full life. That means different things for everyone, so we optimize for trust, invest to support remote teams, have an unlimited vacation policy (with a required minimum!), and encourage work-life balance.
About Skillshare

Skillshare is an online learning community for creatives. We have thousands of inspiring classes for creative and curious people, and millions of members who come together to find inspiration and take the next step in their creative journey. We are a series-D company backed by OMERS, Union Square Ventures, Spark Capital, Amasia, Spero Ventures, and Burda Principal Investments.

Skillshare is committed to building a diverse team that reflects a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We’re proud to be recognized as a top place to work by BuiltinNYC, Crain’s, and Forbes, in addition to being one of the five best places to work for women by Bpeace, and a top-rated workplace for dads by Fatherly. We work to ensure a consistent interview process, fair compensation, and inclusive work environment for all.",3.9,"Skillshare
3.9",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Education Training Services,Education,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
336,Data Scientist - Intermediate,-1,"KellyMitchell matches the best IT and business talent with premier organizations nationwide. Our clients, ranging from Fortune 500 corporations to rapidly growing high-tech companies, are exceptionally served by our 1500+ IT and business consultants. Our industry is growing rapidly, and now is a great time to launch your career with the KellyMitchell team.

Data Scientist Intermediate

Required Skills / Experience:
• MS in computer science, machine learning, statistics, genetics, life sciences or closely-related with at least 1 years of industry or research experience
• Strong code development experience with these languages: R and Python
• Knowledge in SQL and experience with big data ecosystem
• Experience with coding best practices, version control and documentation
• Problem solving and analytical thinking
• Strong business aptitude, the ability to rapidly learn new problem domains, and become conversant in the domain with subject matter experts
• Strong organizational, interpersonal skills with proven ability to communicate complex qualitative analysis in clear, concise, and precise manner

Desired Skills / Experience:
• PhD in a quantitative field
• Experience with AWS or other cloud platform
• Experience with Docker and other DevOps tool and airflow or other workflow tool
• Knowledge of plant breeding and genomic prediction
• Experience with web development and object-oriented programming (OOP) and design experience
• Peer reviewed publication and a sense of urgency, identifies and overcomes obstacles",3.4,"KellyMitchell
3.4","Saint Louis, MO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
337,Principal Data Scientist,-1,"You will integrate disparate EHR, clinical, claims, and other medical data sources, extracting consistent information across ontologies, and deriving insights from disparate data sources to allow experts to rapidly understand the meaning, applicability, and extensibility of results from observational and randomized clinical experimentation. You will build ML tools for anomaly-tracking to enable rapid, more effective clinical trialing and the integration of data sources throughout the life sciences. You will model the trajectory of disease across patient populations to identify key opportunities and indications and to rapidly test and develop candidate medicines.
You will map and optimize the complex interrelationships of pharma companies, drug manufacturers, pharmacy benefit managers, payors, and patients to drive EQRx’s strategy to dramatically lower drug prices while promoting equity and access. You will use novel computational techniques to design, refine, and select novel drug candidates. Using the tools of modern data science and machine learning, you will help to build a data driven, end-to-end digital native life sciences company, enabling our core mission of rapid, equal, and equitable access to medicines.
The Impact You'll Have
You will help to radically lower drug prices and expand access, by identifying novel opportunities for partnerships and delivery across the complex web of interrelationships that bring drugs from pharma companies to patients. You will speed the development and trialing of novel medicines through the unification, comprehension, and modelling of human health and disease across data sources. You will drive the adoption of machine learning for the improvement of human health in building a radically different, digital-native and data-first life sciences company, where we bootstrap our way to rapid increases in scale and efficacy across functions. You will enable experts across EQRx to see further, connecting data from biology and chemistry, to the clinic and patients, to drug pricing and delivery, powering a novel, modern paradigm in drug development.
Your Superpowers
You have 5+ years of experience in data science in the life science/healthcare industry.
You have a PhD (preferred) or Masters (with 3+ additional years exp) in a quantitative scientific field such as physics, computational biology, chemistry, engineering, etc.
You are fluent in python (strongly preferred) or R and cloud native data science.
You thrive working with messy and complex data, understanding key nuances behind its generation and able to model them with quantitative and machine learning tools to achieve understanding.
You are an excellent communicator, able to translate complex analyses into insightful visuals and presentations for audiences with a wide range of technical backgrounds.
You are empathetic with end users; proficient at turning business and scientific questions into testable, clean, and reproducible data scientific workflows.
You have a quick, flexible mind, able to rapidly learn new fields and use data science and machine learning to improve decision making and workflows.
You are an avid reader of the literature; excited to try novel tools and techniques to solve problems.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
338,Quantitative Specialist/Senior Quantitative Analyst,"$90k-$177k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Financial
Monitoring Group (FMG) within the Supervision, Regulation and Credit (SRC)
department seeks a motivated senior quantitative analyst/quantitative
specialist to support the monitoring of retail credit risk for the nation’s
largest banks. FMG produces quarterly risk reports and identifies
emerging trends in retail lending using supervisory data. More recently, FMG
has developed new monthly analytics and reporting to track the impact of the
current pandemic on retail credit. The group also provides analytical and
examination support to Federal Reserve System committees in activities related
to retail credit risk, including the annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and
Review (CCAR) assessment and other System work.

The successful candidate will have an interest in analyzing data trends in
banking and economic activity, as well as telling the story behind the data in
written or presentation format. In addition to strong communication
skills, the candidate should have the ability to work both collaboratively and
independently. Strong time management and project management skills are
desired. This role provides an opportunity to interact with various System
groups, including the Large Institution Supervision Coordinating Committee
(LISCC) and Large and Foreign Banking Organizations (LFBO) management groups.
The ability to manipulate and perform analysis of large datasets is required,
preferably using SAS or SQL. Experience with a data visualization
tool, such as Tableau, is a plus.

This position requires access to confidential supervisory information and/or
FOMC information, which is limited to “Protected Individuals” as defined in the
U.S. federal immigration law. Protected Individuals include, but are not
limited to, U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, and U.S. permanent residents who
either are not yet eligible to apply for naturalization or who have applied for
naturalization within the requisite timeframe. Candidates who are permanent
residents must sign a declaration of intent to become a U.S. citizen when
eligible to do so and pursue a path to citizenship. Candidates who are not U.S.
citizens or U.S. permanent residents may be eligible for the information access
required for this position if they sign a declaration of intent to become
a permanent resident and a U.S. citizen and meet other eligibility
requirements. In addition, all candidates must undergo an applicable background
check and comply with all applicable information handling rules.

To
be considered for the position, please submit a resume and cover letter.

About
the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia:

The Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia is one of the 12 regional Reserve Banks that,
together with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the Federal
Reserve System. It helps formulate and implement monetary policy,
supervises banks and bank and savings and loan holding companies, and provides
financial services to depository institutions and the federal
government. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia serves eastern and
central Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and Delaware.

Background
investigations including drug testing are required for all new hires as a
condition of employment, after the job offer is made. Employment may not begin until the Bank
accepts the results of the background investigation.

To
see the full job description, click the link:

https://www.philadelphiafed.org/-/media/7db2d139fc344d92adbcb55302b39bc3.ashx

To
Apply:

Go
to https://www.philadelphiafed.org/careers/job-openings.cfm
and find the ""Quantitative Specialist/Senior Quantitative Analyst""
position.
We offer a great benefits package that features:
Medical (4 options),
Prescription, Dental (3 options), and Vision Insurance
401k/Thrift Plan with
generous employer match
Employer-funded Pension
Plan
Paid Vacation/Sick Time
& Holidays
Monthly Commuter
Allowance
Flexible Spending
Accounts and Healthcare Spending Accounts
Flexible Work Schedule
available in most departments
Tuition Reimbursement
Parental Leave
Onsite 24/7 Fitness
Center including training classes, Peloton bikes and locker room / shower
facilities
Onsite Cafeteria and
Coffee Shop
Additional convenience benefits,
discounts and more…
The Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia believes that diversity and inclusion among our
employees is essential to our success as an organization, and we want to
recruit, develop and retain the most accomplished people from a diverse
candidate pool. To support a workplace culture of belonging, we offer seven
employee resource groups (ERGs) and a 100 percent rating on the Human Rights
Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equality Index. The Federal Reserve Bank of
Philadelphia is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.6,"Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia
3.6","Philadelphia, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1914,Company - Private,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
339,Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track,"$60k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track

Job Title

Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track

Job
ID

27241005

Duration

Location

Columbia,

MD

Other Location

Description

Dynamic, Fast-growing, Entrepreneurial Data Science Solutions Company seeking data Scientists! If you’ve got entrepreneurial spirit and passion, are driven by results, and want to be a part of significant growth, we’re looking for you!

BLEND360 is a multi-award winning Marketing Company who is privileged to provide our services to some of the most respected and recognized brands in the world. At BLEND360 it is all about advancing our clients marketing capabilities and performance.

If you are ready to ignite the fire for digital marketing and join our team, please keep reading!

*************************************************************************************

Our Data Science All Stars Program is a 6-month consultant training program for master’s graduates in Analytics, Statistics, and other quantitative programs. Participants will have the opportunity to learn from top Data Scientists, work on real-world analytics projects, and gain experience with Fortune 500 clients across a variety of verticals. They will work alongside our Data Scientists to get data into proper shape, perform statistical analyses and develop predictive models to solve our clients’ business problems.

The primary objective of this program is to develop participants into productive, client engaged BLEND360 employees and set the foundation to build a fast track career in one of 4 areas:

Data Science

Data Engineering

Marketing- Adobe Cloud

Marketing Analytics .

The All-star focused on Data Science will receive internal training on tools, technology platforms (R, SQL, Excel) and modeling processes, learn how to apply theory to actual client project work, and hone business skills and applications of Data Science skills on business problems.

The four main areas of training will be:
Analytical methods
Technology programs and platforms
Data management and analysis
Business applications and approaches
The Details:
Location: Columbia, MD
Travel: Up to 25% (could be as much as 30% - 40% depending on projects)
Duration:Full-time
Benefits:Health, Vision, Dental, 401K plan, Life Insurance, Pretax Commuter Benefits, and an incredibly supportive team cheering you on!
Desired Qualifications:
MS degree in Business Analytics, Statistics, Math, or another quantitative discipline
Previous Data Science or Analytical experience or internships
Knowledge of predictive modeling and statistical analysis, as well as machine learning, text mining, geo-spatial analytics, time series forecasting, or optimization
Experience with one or more Advanced Data Science software languages such as R, Python, MATLAB, SAS, Java, or PHP
Experience with structured or un-structured data analysis tools such as SQL, Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Hive, Pig, etc.
Experience with Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, or other digital analytics tools a plus",4.5,"Blend360
4.5","Columbia, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
340,H&H Modeling Engineer,"$103k-$161k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Woolpert, Inc. is a cutting-edge national architecture, engineering and geospatial (AEG) firm that delivers value to clients by blending engineering excellence with innovative technology and geospatial applications. Woolpert was recently certified as an Employer of Choice by Great Place To Work®. We believe great companies are built from exceptional people and amazing clients. As we grow, we are seeking an experienced H&H Modeling Engineer for our Water Resources Discipline in our Charlotte, NC or Columbia, SC office.

Responsibilities:
Conduct difficult to complex hydraulic and hydrologic modeling.
Assimilate and present data in reports and public forums.
Lead production of design calculations and technical reports.
Respond effectively to inquiries from clients and regulatory agencies.
Duties may include occasional field work and travel.
Requirements:
Candidate will have a minimum BS and preferred MS in Civil, Environmental, Biosystems, or Agricultural Engineering and at least ten (10) years related experience.
Candidate will be a licensed Professional Engineer (PE).
Experience in operating hydrologic and hydraulic modeling software for stormwater/water/wastewater analysis using software such as (EPA/XP/Info/PC)-SWMM, HEC-HMS, HEC-RAS (2D), GeoHECRAS, ICPR (2D), InfoWorks ICM, InfoWater, StormCAD, SewerGEMS, WaterGEMS, and MikeUrban.
The ideal candidate must have experience in stormwater systems, wastewater collection systems, and water distribution systems modeling and analysis.
Candidate must be highly motivated, possess strong organizational and time management skills, and excel in a multidiscipline project team environment.
Experience with ESRI ArcGIS software is strongly desired.
Job Type: Full-time",4.4,"Woolpert
4.4","Columbia, SC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1911,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
341,Clinical Laboratory Scientist AM Shift,-1,"Testing is the most significant bottleneck in the response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Broad testing is the fastest way to safely return to work, to school, and to normal life. SummerBio is a mission-driven company made up of life science automation engineers, molecular biologists, laboratory scientists, public health professionals, supply chain experts, software engineers and designers that was founded to scale up rapid, low-cost, mass-scale testing.

We have created an end-to-end COVID-19 test system designed from the ground up to massively automate the existing gold-standard RT-qPCR regimen based on commercially-available and scalable consumables.

Join SummerBio and help us solve COVID-19 testing for all.

This position is responsible for performing high complexity laboratory testing on patient specimens, performing quality control and quality assurance procedures, reporting patient results. This position will comply with all applicable local, state and federal laboratory requirements and operate under the direction of the Laboratory Director and Laboratory Supervisor(s). This role requires meticulous and organized records, excellent attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task and be flexible with tasks and schedules.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Accurately perform molecular testing, using a variety of molecular biological techniques
Conduct daily quantitation and qualification assessment of molecular data generated during testing.
Carry out QC/QA activities as part of the Quality program and commitment to patient safety
Operates automated liquid handling instrumentation to execute complex high-throughput procedures and troubleshoot as necessary.
Participate in a variety of other essential laboratory activities, including reagent qualification, inventory management, procedure writing, inspection preparation, assay validation and investigation.
Perform and document routine preventive maintenance and independently identify and troubleshoot highly complex problems that adversely affect test performance.
Diligently maintains a molecular biology laboratory environment to minimize and contain amplicon contamination.
Identify root cause and document all corrective actions taken when test systems.
Provides research and resolution on complex issues, including all necessary documentation.
Solves routine problems independently.
Familiar with unusual technical problems and results, and resolves any issues related to these problems or results.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or test results and notify Laboratory Director or Laboratory Manager immediately.
Executes & documents lab corrective action whenever test systems are not acceptable or when test systems deviate from established performance specifications.
Assist with training of new laboratory personnel.
Participate in introduction of assay improvements, new assay configurations and validation
At times, this position may fill the role of the general supervisor if the general supervisor is off-site.
Qualification Requirements*
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Must have a solid understanding of general laboratory techniques.
Experience with a wide range of laboratory equipment.
Ability to work independently as well as in a team-oriented environment.
Demonstrate excellent problem-solving skills. Ability to critical analyze complex data.
Ability to learn new principles quickly, possess strong analytical skills, must possess strong interpersonal skills.
Knowledge of good laboratory and documentation practices.
Education and Experience Requirements: *
California Clinical Laboratory Scientist license.
Bachelor of Arts or Science in Biomedical Laboratory Science, Clinical Science or related field.
2+ years’ experience as a CLS in a clinical laboratory.
Working knowledge of local, state, and federal laboratory regulations.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Supplemental Pay:
Commission Pay
Company's website:
https://www.summer.bio/
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SummerBio,"Menlo Park, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
342,Clinical Laboratory Scientist AM Shift,-1,"Testing is the most significant bottleneck in the response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Broad testing is the fastest way to safely return to work, to school, and to normal life. SummerBio is a mission-driven company made up of life science automation engineers, molecular biologists, laboratory scientists, public health professionals, supply chain experts, software engineers and designers that was founded to scale up rapid, low-cost, mass-scale testing.

We have created an end-to-end COVID-19 test system designed from the ground up to massively automate the existing gold-standard RT-qPCR regimen based on commercially-available and scalable consumables.

Join SummerBio and help us solve COVID-19 testing for all.

This position is responsible for performing high complexity laboratory testing on patient specimens, performing quality control and quality assurance procedures, reporting patient results. This position will comply with all applicable local, state and federal laboratory requirements and operate under the direction of the Laboratory Director and Laboratory Supervisor(s). This role requires meticulous and organized records, excellent attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task and be flexible with tasks and schedules.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Accurately perform molecular testing, using a variety of molecular biological techniques
Conduct daily quantitation and qualification assessment of molecular data generated during testing.
Carry out QC/QA activities as part of the Quality program and commitment to patient safety
Operates automated liquid handling instrumentation to execute complex high-throughput procedures and troubleshoot as necessary.
Participate in a variety of other essential laboratory activities, including reagent qualification, inventory management, procedure writing, inspection preparation, assay validation and investigation.
Perform and document routine preventive maintenance and independently identify and troubleshoot highly complex problems that adversely affect test performance.
Diligently maintains a molecular biology laboratory environment to minimize and contain amplicon contamination.
Identify root cause and document all corrective actions taken when test systems.
Provides research and resolution on complex issues, including all necessary documentation.
Solves routine problems independently.
Familiar with unusual technical problems and results, and resolves any issues related to these problems or results.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or test results and notify Laboratory Director or Laboratory Manager immediately.
Executes & documents lab corrective action whenever test systems are not acceptable or when test systems deviate from established performance specifications.
Assist with training of new laboratory personnel.
Participate in introduction of assay improvements, new assay configurations and validation
At times, this position may fill the role of the general supervisor if the general supervisor is off-site.
Qualification Requirements*
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Must have a solid understanding of general laboratory techniques.
Experience with a wide range of laboratory equipment.
Ability to work independently as well as in a team-oriented environment.
Demonstrate excellent problem-solving skills. Ability to critical analyze complex data.
Ability to learn new principles quickly, possess strong analytical skills, must possess strong interpersonal skills.
Knowledge of good laboratory and documentation practices.
Education and Experience Requirements: *
California Clinical Laboratory Scientist license.
Bachelor of Arts or Science in Biomedical Laboratory Science, Clinical Science or related field.
2+ years’ experience as a CLS in a clinical laboratory.
Working knowledge of local, state, and federal laboratory regulations.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Supplemental Pay:
Commission Pay
Company's website:
https://www.summer.bio/
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SummerBio,"Menlo Park, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
343,Clinical Laboratory Scientist AM Shift,-1,"Testing is the most significant bottleneck in the response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Broad testing is the fastest way to safely return to work, to school, and to normal life. SummerBio is a mission-driven company made up of life science automation engineers, molecular biologists, laboratory scientists, public health professionals, supply chain experts, software engineers and designers that was founded to scale up rapid, low-cost, mass-scale testing.

We have created an end-to-end COVID-19 test system designed from the ground up to massively automate the existing gold-standard RT-qPCR regimen based on commercially-available and scalable consumables.

Join SummerBio and help us solve COVID-19 testing for all.

This position is responsible for performing high complexity laboratory testing on patient specimens, performing quality control and quality assurance procedures, reporting patient results. This position will comply with all applicable local, state and federal laboratory requirements and operate under the direction of the Laboratory Director and Laboratory Supervisor(s). This role requires meticulous and organized records, excellent attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task and be flexible with tasks and schedules.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Accurately perform molecular testing, using a variety of molecular biological techniques
Conduct daily quantitation and qualification assessment of molecular data generated during testing.
Carry out QC/QA activities as part of the Quality program and commitment to patient safety
Operates automated liquid handling instrumentation to execute complex high-throughput procedures and troubleshoot as necessary.
Participate in a variety of other essential laboratory activities, including reagent qualification, inventory management, procedure writing, inspection preparation, assay validation and investigation.
Perform and document routine preventive maintenance and independently identify and troubleshoot highly complex problems that adversely affect test performance.
Diligently maintains a molecular biology laboratory environment to minimize and contain amplicon contamination.
Identify root cause and document all corrective actions taken when test systems.
Provides research and resolution on complex issues, including all necessary documentation.
Solves routine problems independently.
Familiar with unusual technical problems and results, and resolves any issues related to these problems or results.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or test results and notify Laboratory Director or Laboratory Manager immediately.
Executes & documents lab corrective action whenever test systems are not acceptable or when test systems deviate from established performance specifications.
Assist with training of new laboratory personnel.
Participate in introduction of assay improvements, new assay configurations and validation
At times, this position may fill the role of the general supervisor if the general supervisor is off-site.
Qualification Requirements*
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Must have a solid understanding of general laboratory techniques.
Experience with a wide range of laboratory equipment.
Ability to work independently as well as in a team-oriented environment.
Demonstrate excellent problem-solving skills. Ability to critical analyze complex data.
Ability to learn new principles quickly, possess strong analytical skills, must possess strong interpersonal skills.
Knowledge of good laboratory and documentation practices.
Education and Experience Requirements: *
California Clinical Laboratory Scientist license.
Bachelor of Arts or Science in Biomedical Laboratory Science, Clinical Science or related field.
2+ years’ experience as a CLS in a clinical laboratory.
Working knowledge of local, state, and federal laboratory regulations.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Supplemental Pay:
Commission Pay
Company's website:
https://www.summer.bio/
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SummerBio,"Menlo Park, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
344,"Data Scientist, Health Economics & Advanced Analytics","$81k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Avalere Health is seeking a Data Scientist to join our Health Economics & Advanced Analytics (HEAA) Practice. The HEAA practice works with life sciences companies and other healthcare sectors to quantify and communicate the real-world value of healthcare interventions and to align our clients’ business strategies with the evidentiary demands of an increasingly value-driven marketplace. We are driven by deep subject matter expertise, differentiated and proprietary real-world data assets, and an emphasis on sound business strategy coupled with rigorous research and advanced analytic capabilities. The data scientist will serve at the Research Scientist II level and lead and participate in the conceptualization, execution, and delivery of analyses in health economics, comparative effectiveness, performance measure development and testing, outcomes research, and epidemiology.
Principal Duties and Responsibilities: *
Lend deep statistical, epidemiological, and/or econometric expertise to the development of proposals, statements of work, and study protocols/statistical analysis plans
Perform descriptive and advanced statistical analyses using large patient and/or claims databases in support of data mining, predictive modeling, and health outcomes research projects
Develop and author study reports, scientific publications, conference abstracts, and posters
Independently manage workflow and make direct contributions to the research process
Collaborate with cross-functional project teams (project leads, project managers, programmers, research assistants, etc.) to support exceptional execution for clients
Support the growth and development of junior staff focused on related areas
Skills, Experience, and Other Job Related Requirements: *
_Minimum_ _Requirements_:
MA/MS or PhD in epidemiology, data science, health economics, health policy, pharmacy administration, public health, statistics, or related discipline
5+ years of consulting, healthcare, or pharmaceutical/device industry experience
Broad technical knowledge of computational science, including applied statistics, econometrics, predictive modeling, and/or AI/machine learning theory and methods
Proficiency designing and executing observational/outcomes research studies using large administrative medical and pharmacy claims, EMR, and other data derived from various public and private databases
5+ years of experience using statistical software packages such as SAS, R, Python, and/or STATA
3+ years of SQL programming experience
Knowledge of advanced analytics, AI/machine learning theory and methods, and/or econometrics
Experience presenting research results at scientific conferences and/or a record of peer-reviewed publications
_Additional Skills and Competencies_:
Consulting background preferred
Excellent writing, project management, communication, and presentation skills
Ability to independently manage multiple work streams with limited supervision
Demonstrated problem solving, analytical reasoning, and decision-making skills and strong commitment to meeting goals and deadlines
Excellent teamwork skills and ability to work in a fast-paced, multi-disciplinary environment
Self-motivated with a positive, flexible attitude
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SQL programming: 3 years (Required)
statistical software packages: 5 years (Required)
consulting, healthcare, or pharmaceutical/device industry: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Location:
Washington, DC 20005 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
avalere.com",3.2,"Avalere Health
3.2","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
345,Senior Analytical Scientist,-1,"Johnson Matthey (‘JM’) is a global leader in science that enables a cleaner and healthier world. With over 200 years of sustained commitment to innovation and technological breakthroughs, we improve the function, performance and safety of our customers’ products. Our science has a global impact in areas such as low emission transport, pharmaceuticals, chemical processing and making the most efficient use of the planet’s natural resources. Today more than 14,000 Johnson Matthey professionals collaborate with our network of customers and partners to make a real difference to the world around us.

Responsible for the implementation, development and validation of analytical methods in support of process research, cGMP production, and stability testing, with particular emphasis on LC, GC, GC/MS, and LC/MS methods. The responsibility includes writing and reviewing technical documents such as method protocols, reports, supporting investigations and DMF filing.

Major functions include method optimization, transfer, and verification of compendial procedures. Other duties may involve sample analysis by a variety of analytical techniques including LC, GC, PSD, KF, titrations, and a variety of instrumental and wet chemical techniques. The incumbent may function as the primary contact on one or more chemical development projects. In-depth involvement with the project team concerning the chemistry of the project and analytical chemistry needs is expected.

Key Responsibilities

Develops new analytical procedures.
Validates analytical methods.
Independently, detects and solves complex problems of high technical difficulty.
Conducts investigations independently.
Analyzes research and production samples.
Supervises, directs and reviews the work of other analytical chemists and scientists.
Documents all analyses per SOPs.
Prepares SOPs, analytical methods, validation protocol, reports and other GMP documentation.
Reviews data generated by other analysts.
Applies knowledge and expertise from multi-disciplines (including QA, QC, Analytical and production) to achieve project goals.
Maintains and repairs analytical instrumentation.
Supports qualification of reference materials.
Provides training on various analytical techniques and cGMP procedures.
Prepares and reviews scientific reports.
Interfaces with internal and external clients.
To carry out any other duties which are within the employee’s skills and abilities whenever reasonably instructed.

Are you the ideal candidate?

PhD in Analytical Chemistry or equivalent with a minimum of 6-8 years’ experience in a GMP environment.
MS in Analytical Chemistry or equivalent with a minimum of 8-10 years’ experience in a GMP environment.
Minimum of 8 years’ experience in method development and validation for small molecule Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs).
Experience with Process Development of APIs.
Experience with LC, GC, GC-MS, LC-MS, IC, spectroscopy, and wet chemistry
Experience mentoring staff members in an analytical department
Experience with writing method validation protocols and reports
Knowledge of cGMP, FDA guidance, ICH guidelines, and compendial regulatory requirements
Experience with developing highly sensitive method for trace-level determination i.e. genotoxic impurity analysis desirable
Experience with Microsoft Office and other complex computer software (Empower3) desirable.

LI-US
#CB
IND123",3.4,"Johnson Matthey
3.4",Deptford Township,-1,10000+ Employees,1817,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
346,Data Engineer,"$63k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Now Hiring a Data Engineer

As a Data Engineer, you will use cutting edge cloud and data technologies to streamline services to our clients. Join our team of Data and Cloud professionals and accomplish what others only dream of. This is a remote position, but requires up to 50% travel to Chevy Chase, Maryland.

Profile of Success:
Work in a team using cutting edge technologies to solve challenging business problems and build solutions
Interact directly with our client(s) to understand their needs and meet, or exceed their expectations by meeting delivery deadlines
Work in an agile environment with participation in daily stand-ups/scrum
Design, write, test, troubleshoot, and document data transformations
Learn new technologies and be aware of industry standards, best practices, and trends.
Required Skills
3+ years of experience working with Scala
Hands on Programming experience in Scala with Spark for ETL
Advanced SQL skills
Possess Hive skills with HiveQL.
Experience in designing efficient and robust ETL/ELT workflows, schedulers using Oozie, and event-based triggers
Experience as a Big Data Developer
Exposure to NoSQL databases, HBase, and the Hadoop Ecosystem
Proven ability to work with clients to understand requirements and envision data ingestion solutions
Desirable Skills
Experience with the Azure storage technologies (Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure SQL Database)
Knowledge of Azure data movement and transformation capabilities (Azure Data Factory, Data Lake Analytics, Data Bricks, Stream Analytics)
Knowledge of Talend ETL
Microsoft related certifications such as the MCSD/MCSE",4.4,"Applied Information Sciences
4.4","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
347,Senior Data Scientist - Defense & Intelligence,"$93k-$149k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Data Scientist - Defense & Intelligence

On-site location: Fort Meade, MD

Home office: Linthicum, MD

Elder Research Inc. is a recognized leader in predictive analytics and data mining. We pride ourselves in our ability to find creative, cutting edge solutions to real-world problems. We are looking for innovative and inquisitive self-starters who enjoy translating complex models into actionable solutions that deliver real value for our clients. We have multiple openings in the Northern Virginia-Washington Metropolitan area for analytics and data science professionals to support our Defense & Intelligence business.

Job Description

As a Senior Data Scientist, you will work directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems. You will primarily create and deploy predictive models from a wide variety of data sources and types using the latest mathematical and statistical methods.

Essential Functions

Exploration, cleaning, and wrangling to understand available data.
Meetings and discussions with clients and co-workers, in person and virtually, to refine understanding of the business problem at hand
Trying different predictive modeling approaches to identify the best fit for a given set of business understanding, available data, and project timeline
Writing re-usable code in R, Python, Java, Scala, SQL, or other languages, and working to refine it through code review and discussion
Applying statistics to understand the significance of different attributes
Preparing presentations, writing reports, and working to communicate technical results to clients with varying levels of analytic sophistication
Ability to work independently in a collaborative, dynamic, cross-functional environment
Travel to and work on-site at clients both local and non-local. Number of days at client site vary depending on project requirements.
Clear written and verbal communication skills

Required Qualifications

We are looking to hire Senior Data Scientists with at least 4-8 years of technical experience working with data and deploying analytical solutions. Qualified candidates should have a Master’s degree or greater in a technical field. A PhD can substitute for 2 years of work experience. Applicants with a BA/BS with more data science experience will be considered.
A current TS/SCI or active within the past 2 years.
Ideal candidates have technical skills and analytic tool experience in several of the following areas:
Technical Areas: machine learning, statistical learning, statistics, natural language processing, text mining, anomaly detection, operations research, exploratory data analysis, ETL
Analytic Tools: R, SQL, Python

Desired Qualifications

Graduate degrees and additional years of experience are desired.
Experience working in any of the following domains is a plus:
Domain Expertise: personnel security, national security, insider threat and continuous evaluation, survey research focusing on behavioral health, behavioral science, I/O psychology, military analytics, epidemiology, public health

About Elder Research, Inc.

Elder Research is a fast growing consulting firm specializing in predictive analytics. Being in the data mining business over 20 years, we pride ourselves in our ability to find creative, cutting edge solutions to real-world problems. In keeping with our entrepreneurial spirit, we want candidates who are self-motivated with an innate curiosity and strong team work. We work hard to provide the best value to our clients and allow each person to contribute their ideas and put their skills to use immediately.

Elder Research believes in continuous learning; each week the entire company attends a “Tech Talk” followed by an office lunch. Elder Research provides a supportive work environment with established parental, bereavement, and PTO policies. By prioritizing a healthy work-life balance - with reasonable hours, solid pay, low travel, and extremely flexible time off - Elder Research enables and encourages its employees to serve others.

Elder Research, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Elder Research is unable to consider candidates who will need H1B visa sponsorship.",3.8,"Elder Research Inc
3.8","Fort Meade, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
348,Data Science Support Analyst,"$72k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Science Support Analyst to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Support Analyst will partner with the Data Scientists to: support production deployment of models and web applications related to technologies developed by the Data Science team; participates in new development of web applications and restful api’s; gain exposure to production machine learning model pipelines and the design and creation of new models using statistical techniques.

Responsibilities:
Continually check metrics and validate models, compute model performance metrics.
Access, analyze, cleanse, pre-process data.
Retrieve data from multiple stores CSV/Teradata/Oracle/API/.
Train new models per specifications from Data Scientist.
Deploy new models and determine when to replace existing.
Configure Linux server web sites and update code base as needed.
Monitor web application performance and fix issues accordingly.
Configure SQLite/SQL/Mongo databases and stored queries, updating as needed.
Participate in meetings and offer ideas and solutions to present problems.
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Python (numpy/pandas/matplotlib/sklearn/flask)
Version control (git)
SQL and database APIs (cx_oracle, pymysql, sqlalchemy)
Cloud deployment experience (AWS, containerization) and familiarity with AWS services
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment
Machine Learning algorithm development experience.
Ability to learn new technologies rapidly and turn around implementations.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) with ability to effectively communicate to all levels with varying degrees of technical knowledge
Critical thinking Independent problem resolution
Ability to work in a team and collaborate with others
Bachelor's Degree (Data Science, Analytics, Business, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or related field)
2-4 years experience (candidates with a relevant Masters degree and less experience will also be considered).",3.8,"JM&A Group
3.8","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
349,"Staff Research Scientist, Geomorphology/Soil Science","$35k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Thank you for your interest in employment with the Desert Research Institute. We want your application process to go smoothly and quickly. We ask that you keep in mind the following when completing your application:
Once you start the application process you cannot save your work. Please ensure you have all required attachment(s) available to complete your application before you begin the process.
Required attachments are listed below on the posting. Your application will not be considered without the required attachments.
Please see the application instructions under each posting for information on submittal deadlines.
If you need assistance or have questions regarding the application process, contact Human Resources Hotline at (775) 673-7431 or recruit@dri.edu.

Job Description

The Desert Research Institute (DRI) seeks a Staff Geomorphologist or Soil Scientist at the Staff Research Scientist level (Rank 1) to assist in the characterization of soils, geomorphology, and dust emission in support of current DoD funded projects at DRI.

This position involves research support in four overlapping areas:
Assist in the analysis of soil surface conditions as related to dust emission potential, including field operation of the PI-SWERL (Portable in situ Wind Erosion Laboratory).
Assist in the entry of field and laboratory data into spreadsheets and databases as required and ability to assist in the analysis of collected soil, dust, geomorphic, and Quaternary geologic data.
Assist on field-oriented studies where soil and geomorphic data is collected in support of project objectives.
Perform laboratory duties in the Quaternary Pedology and Soil Characterization Laboratory as directed.
In addition, the candidate should be familiar and comfortable with basic report writing and technical editing and be willing to learn how to collect instrument data, often in extreme environments.

Other responsibilities may include assistance in a wide variety of Quaternary geologic and geomorphic projects as opportunities and needs arise. These efforts include mapping of Quaternary geology and soils, identification of landforms, description and sampling of soils and sediments, working with Quaternary stratigraphy, sampling of materials for geochronology, geoarcheology and cultural resources identification, and general support of field research activities.

Required Qualifications
US Citizenship (Must have the ability to work on DoD instillations);
Bachelor of Science Degree in Geology, Earth Science, or related field from an accredited institution;
Basic knowledge in geomorphology, Quaternary geology, or soil science;
Excellent oral and written communication skills;
Team player with diverse research interests and excellent interpersonal skills;
Demonstrated experience to independently conduct field-based geomorphic or soil science research.
Preferred Qualifications
Master of Science Degree in Earth Sciences, Soil Science, or related fields from an accredited institution;
Experience using standard GIS software (e.g. ArcGIS Desktop) and generating map products;
Demonstrated experience with soil mapping and performing field descriptions of geomorphic, stratigraphic, and/or soil morphologic properties;
Working knowledge of soil classification systems;
Demonstrated experience or interest in performing laboratory analyses;
Demonstrated experience editing, compiling, and writing scientific reports and publications.
Conditions of Employment
Due to security requirements associated with accessing essential project sites and information, ALL applicants MUST be citizens of the United States.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background check.
Must be able to travel and to work in harsh field conditions for extended periods of time (i.e. southwest deserts in the summer, cold regions, tropical regions), walk/hike across uneven terrain, and ability to lift heavy equipment (40+ lbs.)
Organizational Summary

Since 1959, DRI has stood at the forefront of understanding Earth's complex environmental systems, promoting preservation of diverse ecosystems, advancing responsible natural resource management, and improving human health and welfare throughout Nevada and around the world. More than 500 highly skilled scientists, engineers, technicians and students are collaboratively focused on understanding and answering critical questions about global climate change, water quality and availability, air quality, sustainability of desert lands, life in extreme environments, and more.

Salary/Benefits

DRI’s starting salary is competitive and commensurate with education, experience, and aligns with similar public academic research institutions. DRI provides excellent benefits that include:
Health insurance options that include dental, vision, life, and long-term disability;
15.25% tax-deferred retirement contribution with matching by DRI;
Thirty (30) days of sick leave provided upon start date and two (2) days of sick leave accrued per full month after the first year of service, two (2) days of annual leave accrued each full month, 11 paid holidays;
Tuition reduction at NSHE institutions for employee and dependents;
No state income tax and no Social Security deduction;
Relocation assistance.
Exempt

Yes

Full-Time Equivalent

100.0%

Required Attachment(s)

Qualified individuals interested in this position must apply online at https://nshe.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/DRI-External.

Please upload the following documents in the specified section of your application in Workday:
A cover letter detailing your research experience, career goals, and project interests;
A current curriculum vitae;
Contact information for three professional/work-related references, to be contacted at the appropriate phase of the recruitment process based on applicant permission.
Individuals who meet all required qualifications are encouraged to apply immediately and provide all required attachments to receive full consideration. Recruitment will close without notice when a sufficient number of applications are received, or a hiring decision has been made.

For more detailed information about DRI, please visit us at www.dri.edu. For questions regarding this position or assistance with your application, please call the recruiting office at 775-673-7319.

Posting Close Date

Note to Applicant

Applicants should fully describe their qualifications and experience with specific reference to each of the minimum and preferred qualifications. The search committee will use this information during the initial review of application materials.

References will be contacted at the appropriate phase of the recruitment process based on applicant notification and permission.

Newly hired faculty and postdoctoral fellows must assure that their official transcript is submitted to the Human Resources Office within 30 calendar days from the effective date of employment. Academic degrees must have been awarded by regionally accredited institutions.

This position may require a criminal background check to be conducted on the candidate(s) selected for hire.

As part of the hiring process, applicants for positions in the Nevada System of Higher Education may be required to demonstrate the ability to perform job-related tasks.

DRI employs only U.S. citizens and aliens authorized to work in the U.S. DRI only sponsors aliens applying for research faculty or postdoctoral fellow positions (J-1 or H-1B Visas).

All applicants hired by the Desert Research Institute are subject to E-Verify.",3.7,"Desert Research Institute
3.7","Reno, NV",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1959,Nonprofit Organization,Colleges & Universities,Education,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
350,Data Scientist-Journeyman,"$83k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Group Highlights

Defense

The Defense group supports the Department of Defense (DoD) mission to keep our homeland and its citizens safe. We provide solutions to improve the Nation's defense by providing software, systems engineering, IT, training and logistics and fleet management solutions.

Responsibilities

This position is for a large contract for the Army, providing leadership and support existing systems, processes, and policies as well as working to implement new technologies and processes in support of the client’s mission to provide Intelligence training and technologies to military personnel.

Provides data science and data engineering support to targeting activities that bring in large datasets. Data science and data engineering support is needed to help manage and execute the ingest (extract, transform and load (ETL) operations), parsing, data normalizations, database design, as well as performing data analysis at scale and implementing algorithms to find impactful operational and finished intelligence in large data streams. Involved in the analysis of unstructured and semi-structured data. Exercises creativity in applying non-traditional approaches to large-scale analysis of unstructured data in support of high-value use cases. Handles processing against high-volume collections of data and high-velocity data streams. Has the ability to make discoveries in the world of big data. Requires strong technical and computational skills coupled with the ability to code, design, develop, and deploy sophisticated applications using advanced unstructured and semi-structured data analysis techniques. Has the ability to utilize advance tools and computational skills to interpret, connect, predict and make discoveries in complex data and deliver recommendations. Develops documentation to support objectives of operationally-focused team members.

Qualifications

3 to 10 years of experience and a BA/BS or MA/MS degree

Typically performs all functional duties independently.

Current TS/SCI Clearance

Bachelor of Science Degree or higher computer science, statistics, or other related STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math)

Desired qualifications:

Strong understanding of data engineering, structure, formatting, conditioning and analysis.
Knowledge of database tools and current data science processes.
Full-stack development experience.

Desired Skills:

Thorough/Working knowledge of Python and some of the following software/tools: SQL, R, Hadoop, Spark, Java, C/C++, Git Bash, Tableau, ArcGIS, Unix commands.
Thorough/Working knowledge of research designs.
Thorough/Working knowledge of collection methods, capabilities and tasking process.
Familiarity with project management concepts and principles.
Intellectual curiosity; creativity and innovation to go beyond current tools to deliver the best solution to complex problems.
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).",3.3,"Perspecta
3.3","Washington, DC",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
351,Lead Data Scientist,"$111k-$178k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At the intersection of technology, science, business and sports, Strivr offers an end-to-end, VR-based immersive learning platform that changes the way people around the world train, learn and perform. With a mission to elevate performance through immersive experience, we are redefining an industry in real time and shaping the future of learning.

Strivr was founded in 2015 out of Stanford University’s Virtual Human Interaction Lab, using the football field as our proving ground. Since then, we have quickly expanded from the athlete to the enterprise, partnering with leading Fortune 500 companies including Walmart, Verizon and Fidelity to innovate and elevate employee development.

More than just content inside a headset, immersive learning provides realistic, high-impact experiences driven by L&D experts, instructional designers, data scientists, and immersive content specialists. Strivr offers the only end-to-end solution available today, bringing together the software, hardware, content and services needed to deliver effective training at scale.

Recognized by Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies of 2019 and 2020, we take pride in our passion for innovation and we use that energy to fuel our work. Our culture thrives on teamwork, grit, transparency and impact, and celebrates every win. It’s an exciting time to join our fast growing team!

At Strivr, our Data Science team develops cutting-edge techniques to improve people’s performance in the real world based on their experiences in the virtual world. As a Data Scientist at Strivr, you will be at the forefront of defining approaches to Immersive Data Science and will be evaluating and optimizing user experience in the virtual world.

Your responsibilities:
Develop innovative approaches to measuring user behavior and evaluating performance in the virtual environment
Collaborate with partners such as Engineering and Solutions teams to instrument the data collection process and build ETL pipelines to obtain data required for your analyses
Implement approaches and communicate insights in a compelling narrative
Incorporate your research outcomes into the data product offering
Minimum Qualifications:
5+ years of industry experience as a Data Scientist
An advanced degree in a quantitative field (e.g Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering)
Experience developing and implementing in-depth approaches, including statistical and econometric analyses and/or ML models
Experience building ETL pipelines
Proficiency with Python (or R), and SQL
Strong communication skills
Passion for using data to improve immersive experiences",4.5,"Strivr
4.5","Palo Alto, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
352,Senior Software Engineer (Data),-1,"Second Measure is building products that leverage de-identified transaction data to help companies better understand consumer spend behavior and propensities, and help investors understand companies' performance, and consumer spend shifts. We apply advanced data science techniques on large, complex data sets to ensure the highest quality of data and insights.

As a senior data engineer at Second Measure, you will be a critical technical contributor in the team responsible for building, managing data pipelines, and enriching transaction data. Your architectural guidance will allow pipelines to run reliably, to process billions of transactions, and to provide daily updates, so that our high-value clients can formulate their marketing and investment strategies.

In this role, you'll:
Collaborate with data scientists to implement novel data corrections to the data.
Partner with our product team to explore new ways of combining multiple types of data to gain better consumer insights.
Develop high-quality new features (70% hands-on design/coding/development/delivery, 30% mentoring junior engineers on the team).
Proactively identify and remove challenging performance bottlenecks.
About you:
Proven track record (5+ years) delivering high-quality systems built using Scala, Spark, Hive, and Presto
Experience working with data pipelines, event-driven architecture
Experience with container and orchestration frameworks (Docker, Kubernetes)
Ability to identify Product MVPs and build fast
Intolerance for sloppy code
Solid understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals
Nice-to-have:
Experience building innovative solutions under flux and constraints
Understanding of FinTech systems
Familiarity with Terraform, Argo Workflows
Our Tech Stack/Development Tools:

S3, Hive Metastore, Spark, Presto, AWS SNS, SQS, EKS, ECR, Batch Terraform, Helm, Prometheus, Grafana, Go, Python, Scala, Redshift, Waggledance, Argo, Github, CircleCI, Docker

Have questions about why/how we use these? Let's talk!

Working at Second Measure:
Highly competitive compensation, systematized to promote fairness and break down traditional gender, race, and age pay gaps
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits for employees and their families
401(k) with company matching (up to 4% of annual salary)
Unlimited paid time off and flexible work arrangements
Generous paid parental leave
Pre-tax FSAs and commuter benefits
Life insurance, disability plans, and legal assistance
*Note on remote ability:

We are all working from home at least through 2020 to keep our team safe and healthy. We hope to (at some point) to work from our San Mateo, CA HQ or NYC office in some capacity in 2021 and it would be great if you are based in the Bay Area or NYC. That said, we are open to remote on a permanent basis, granted you would need to be based in one of the following states: AL, CA, CO, IL, NJ, NY, or WA.",4.9,"Second Measure
4.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
353,Workday Data Consultant,"$60k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Collaborative Solutions is a leading global Finance and HR Transformation consultancy that leverages world-class cloud solutions to help deliver successful outcomes for its customers. As one of the longest-tenured consulting partners with Workday, Collaborative Solutions has a 98% customer satisfaction rate and has executed over 325 Workday Financial Management, Human Resources, and Payroll deployments for global Fortune 500 companies, medium-sized businesses, and education and government institutions.

Collaborative Solutions is seeking a Data Consultant experienced in Human Capital Management. As a Data Consultant at Collaborative you will guide clients through the transformation, implementation and operation phases of a Workday implementation.

Responsibilities:
Become a Workday HCM product expert with knowledge of design, configuration, testing, and implementation.
Design and generate data tracking and monitoring tools, and develop reports with accurate, easy to read, useful information
Utilize your technical aptitude to convert and map data sources into data conversion templates via iLoads.
Guide clients through the data extract and cleansing process, including iLoading customer data, moving configuration from tenant to tenant, and configuring business processes and security.
Create ETL scripts to transform and load data, and create strategies to improve and normalize client data
Lead the validation of data loaded into Workday
Regularly engage and support the client through all phases of the project, ensuring a smooth transfer from legacy systems to the Workday HCM solution.
Perform multiple tasks under limited direction, while regularly keeping the client, your project team and your Engagement Manager abreast of changes or progress related to the project.
Act as a mentor to fellow consultants and analysts, including providing support for shadow assignments.
Actively participate in update training and internal opportunities to share one’s skills and learnings with others within the organization.
Skills & Requirements:
Ideally, 2-5 years of PeopleSoft (or other ERP) Data Conversion or HCM implementation experience
Workday experience a plus
Experience with data conversion, data mining, and data loading
Advanced experience of Excel, some VB is also preferred
Ability to travel up to 25%
For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser.",3.5,"Collaborative Solutions
3.5","Pleasanton, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
354,Data Engineer,-1,"TubeScience is looking for a talented Data Engineer to join our thriving team in Downtown LA! This role is remote flexible based in LA or anywhere in the US.

Quick 'about us':

We're a data-driven video startup based in LA that's grown to become the largest producer of video ads on paid social in the 4 years since founding. Collectively, our videos account for ~5% of all paid video views on Facebook and Instagram in North America and reach 100-200 million people per day.

Our clients are among the largest advertisers on FB and Instagram, across a wide range of verticals (incl. fashion, beauty, food, fitness apps, healthcare apps, financial services), giving us unique visibility into what drives success at scale. We focus on profitable growth with clients and grow their investment by 80% on average.

What's atypical about the company:
We're fast and data-driven: our teams develop concepts in the morning, shoot/edit in the afternoon, launch in the evening, and iterate the next day based on real-world performance.
We're a behavioral R&D lab at the core: We put 2,000+ video experiments per week, watched by tens of millions of people per day, that give us deep insights into how people make decisions. Over the past couple years, we've built an enormous library of IP around human behavior and visual communication.
We work on a pure pay for performance basis. Zero production fees for video. Clients only pay us if our videos outperform anything they're running internally.
What You'll Do:
Work with Data / Data Warehouse Architect to develop data warehouse models, design specifications, metadata process and documentation. Develop detailed ETL specifications based on business requirements
Partner with business users, senior architects, product managers, engineering teams, and other teams to deliver a robust data services platform
Work across all phases of the software development lifecycle in a cross-functional, agile development team setting
Design and build ETL jobs in a managed AWS environment.
Perform SQL-based exploratory analysis using AWS RDS / Athena or similar
Building and maintaining our data pipelines
Data Cleansing
BI work
Qualifications:
Experience with AWS services including Data Pipeline, Glue, Athena, CloudFormation, etc.
Experience developing ELT pipelines using Snowflake, Terradata, Vertica, Redshift or similar data warehousing technologies
Experience of the AWS data ecosystem (Glue, Kinesis, S3, Lambda, EMR, etc.)
Sharp, quick to understand
Willingness to dig deep enough to understand the root issue
We're a startup, willing to take on additional development activities if needed
ETL experience a must
Familiarity with AWS services
Experience with BI tools/applications
Strong initiative
Experience with Python/Java/C+/.net preferred
Benefits:
Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
Flexible PTO
401k + Matching
Personal Coaching
Remote Flexibility
Creative Working Environment
Fully Stocked Kitchen
Paid Sick Leave
Annual Learning and Development Allotment
Doctor House Call On-Demand
Application Process:

Interested candidates should apply directly for consideration. Upon submitting your application, our hiring team will review your credentials and will notify you if you are selected to participate in the interview process. We appreciate your interest in TubeScience and kindly ask that you refrain from inquiries to our teams via LinkedIn. All questions regarding the status of your application can be directed to careers@tubescience.com .

No third party or agency submissions will be accepted

TubeScience is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We consider all qualified applicants for employment regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please feel free to contact us at accomodations@tubescience.com.",3.7,"TubeScience
3.7",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
355,Business Intelligence Analyst,"$45k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Musco Lighting is looking for a Business Intelligence Analyst to support the development of tools and reports that successfully allow our Team to make timely decisions based on the business data presented. This role will liaison between various business units and the Information Technology team to continually meet business objectives. This opportunity could be located at our Oskaloosa or Muscatine, Iowa locations.

Responsibilities:

Determine key user groups that would benefit from better analytics
Determine key metrics / reports that provide value to the team
Provide project management and prioritization of key initiatives
Become an expert user in assigned tools / reports and their supported business functions and processes
Implement training programs for end users
Provide timely end user support as needed
Other related duties as assigned

Education & Experience:

Four-year degree in Computer Science-related field, Business Analysis, and/or commensurate experience
Demonstrated experience with system implementations, project management and system design
Effective experience with computer programming languages and development of software a plus
Experience with Microsoft Power BI is a plus
Strong communications and interpersonal skills
Must be able to work in a team environment
Self-Directed
Ability to work in a confidential manner with data

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.8,"Musco Sports Lighting, LLC
3.8","Oskaloosa, IA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1976,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
356,Want to be a Big Data Engineer?,-1,"Big Data Engineer

Full-Time. Multiple Locations

Annual Salary Range: Based on experience

Full benefits including:

Medical/Dental/Vision /Paid travel/Paid Time Off/ 401(k) savings plan
Who We Are: *
Enhance IT is an IT/Management firm that specializes in continued education, placement and IT consultation. We are an industry leader in providing top-level skilled and experienced consultants in a variety of technologies to meet our client’s needs in today’s fast paced environment.
What you will be doing: *
You will be joining our growing team of analytics experts. We want individuals who are comfortable asking “why”. The ideal candidate is a data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing a company’s data architecture to support next generation and data initiatives. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. They are a team player possessing strong analytical as well as technical skills and are able to communicate the logic behind technical decisions to non-tech stakeholders.
What you need for this position: *
Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent quantitative field and 3+ years of experience in a similar Big Data Engineer role.
Demonstrated ability to build processes that support data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to project manage and work with cross-functional teams
Working SQL knowledge with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Bonus points: *
Relational SQL and NoSQL databases
Object-oriented/Object function scripting languages such as Python, Scala, etc.
Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
8 hour shift",4.0,"Enhance IT
4.0","Charlotte, NC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
357,Data Engineer,"$50k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

We are expanding our efforts into complementary data technologies for decision support in areas of ingesting and processing large data sets including data commonly referred to as semi-structured or unstructured data. Our interests are in enabling data science and search based applications on large and low latent data sets in both a batch and streaming context for processing. To that end, this role will engage with team counterparts in exploring and deploying technologies for creating data sets using a combination of batch and streaming transformation processes. These data sets support both off-line and in-line machine learning training and model execution. Other data sets support search engine based analytics. Exploration and deployment of technologies activities include identifying opportunities that impact business strategy, collaborating on the selection of data solutions software, and contributing to the identification of hardware requirements based on business requirements. Responsibility also includes coding, testing, and documentation of new or modified scalable analytic data systems including automation for deployment and monitoring. This role participates along with team counterparts to develop solutions in an end-to-end framework on a group of core data technologies.

Responsibilities:

JOB DUTIES

Contribute to the evaluation, research, experimentation efforts with batch and streaming data engineering technologies in a lab to keep pace with industry innovation
Work with data engineering related groups to inform on and showcase capabilities of emerging technologies and to enable the adoption of these new technologies and associated techniques
Contribute to the definition and refinement of processes and procedures for the data engineering practice
Work closely with data scientists, data architects, ETL developers, other IT counterparts, and business partners to identify, capture, collect, and format data from the external sources, internal systems and the data warehouse to extract features of interest
Code, test, deploy, monitor, document and troubleshoot data engineering processing and associated automation
Perform other duties as assigned
Conform with all company policies and procedures

REPORTING RELATIONSHIP

Data Integration Manager US

Qualifications:

Knowledge

Experience with processing large data sets with Kafka, RabbitMQ, Flume, Hadoop, HBase, Cassandra and/or Spark or similar distributed system
Experience with NoSQL data stores such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase, Redis, Riak or other technologies that embed NoSQL with search such as MarkLogic or Lily Enterprise
Experience or familiarity with ETL and Business Intelligence technologies such as Informatica, DataStage, Ab Initio, Cognos, BusinessObjects or Oracle Business Intelligence

Skills

Ability to quickly prototype and perform critical analysis and use creative approaches for solving complex problems
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Education

High School Diploma or equivalent required
Bachelor’s Degree in related field or equivalent work experience preferred

Experience

2-4 years of hands-on experience with SQL, data modeling, and relational databases such as Oracle, DB2 and Postgres required
Minimum of 1 year of experience with software engineering to include Java, Scala and Python required #LI-TS1",3.2,"GM Financial
3.2","Arlington, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1992,Company - Public,Lending,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
358,Principal Data Scientist,"$71k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Technology. Flexibility. Diversity. At the center of it all are the Digital Accelerator and Advanced Analytics teams at Cummins, working together as a high-energy startup within a Fortune 500 organization. At this Midwestern technology hub, today’s sharpest, most curious minds transform what-ifs into realities.

#LifeAtCummins is about POWERING YOUR POTENTIAL .You’ll have global opportunities to develop your career and make your community a better place - to break ground professionally and be your best personally.

About Digital Accelerator and Advanced Analytics:

Cummins' Digital Accelerator functions as our own tech startup, with strategic access to Fortune 150 resources and talents. Steering the innovation of new experiences for customers, Digital Accelerator is boldly transforming Cummins into a modern and agile technology company. Through the conception, build and launch of inspiring digital solutions, the unique hub of vision and creativity leverages open architecture, connectivity, big data, advanced analytics, internet-of-things, edge computing and more, to drive the company forward on its journey towards smart technologies.

This is an exciting opportunity in Columbus, IN for a Principal Data Scientist. This is an active business facing role where you will work and collaborate with teams to solve problems in a results, customer centric environment.

Your impact will happen in these and other ways:

Manages and Implements advanced analytics projects which solve complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches through a combination of analytical, mathematical and technical skills.
Researches, designs, implements and validates cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes by leveraging complex statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques.
Liaises with business stakeholders and leverages business knowledge to industrialize and monetize insights from advanced analytics projects.
Leads key objectives and business goals through the use of data science methodology.
Leverages data science methodology to solve complex business problems.
Creates algorithms using more complex statistical methodologies through the use of statistical programming languages and tools.
Partners with domain experts to verify model capabilities and translate modeling outputs from statistical inferences into business language.
Partners with Solution Architect to enable appropriate data flow/data model, development using appropriate tools/technology, rapid prototyping and informs the design of analytical products.
Trains and mentors less experienced employees on data science tools and methodologies.
Continuous development and advancement of the organization through knowledge sharing and collaboration.
Participates in planning for advancement of the Data Science profession.

Qualifications

Experience:

Significant experience in a relevant discipline area is required with a demonstrated track record of analyzing complex business systems and large data sets. Knowledge of the latest technologies and trends in data science is highly preferred and includes:

Familiarity analyzing complex business systems, industry requirements, and/or data regulations
Background in processing and managing large data sets
Applied knowledge of big data, open source and third party toolsets
SQL query language
Clustered compute cloud-based implementation experience
Experience in building analytical solutions
Experience coaching on implementation of machine learning solutions

Significant experiences in the following are preferred:

Designing and implementing Big Data platform solutions using open source and third-party tools
Microsoft Azure and/or Amazon Web services environment
Experience in Agile software development
Familiarity with validation and testing of machine learning systems
Familiarity with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD)

Manage the analytics technical road map in collaboration with supported delivery partners
Design analytics solution approach in collaboration with delivery partners
Provide design direction and technical guidance to developments teams
Oversee in-use model performance and corrective action
Manage activities of a small team of employees

Skills

Programming - Creates, writes and tests computer code, test scripts, and build scripts using algorithmic analysis and design, industry standards and tools, version control, and build and test automation to meet business, technical, security, governance and compliance requirements.

Data Mining - Extracts insights from data by identifying relationships and patterns through use of a suite of data exploration and data visualization techniques to understand the underlying structure of the data and enable sound conclusions upon model building.

Predictive Modeling - Develops analytical or machine learning models by using appropriate variable transformations, feature selection strategies, imputation strategies, class rebalancing, resampling strategies and quality control measures to generate predictive insights used in solving business questions.

Statistical Modeling - Develops descriptive and explanatory statistical models, and simulations for regression, classification, outlier detection, anomaly detection, time series forecasting using knowledge of foundational statistics such as null hypotheses significance tests, regression models, generalized linear modeling, time series analysis, rank statistics, probability distribution fitting survival analysis, etc. to validate hypotheses for any given statistical or business question.

Problem Solving - Solves problems using a systematic analysis process by leveraging industry standard methodologies to create problem traceability and protect the customer; determines the assignable cause; implements robust, data-based solutions; identifies the systemic root causes and recommended actions to prevent problem reoccurrence.

Requirements Analysis - Evaluates relationships and interdependencies between requirements based upon their complexity and value to the business in order to determine feasibility and prioritization.

Strategic Roadmap Planning - Produces a high-level, multi-year product and capability roadmap utilizing internal and external business resource, asset and market knowledge and experience to communicate the organization's focus and priorities to internal and external stakeholders.

Tech savvy - Anticipating and adopting innovations in business-building digital and technology applications.

Manages complexity - Making sense of complex, high quantity, and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems.

Collaborates - Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives.

Develops talent - Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organization’s goals.

Communicates Effectively - Developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences.

Education, Licenses, Certifications

College, university or equivalent degree or equivalent work experience in relevant technical discipline is required.
This position may require licensing for compliance with export controls or sanctions regulations.

Compensation and Benefits

Base salary rate commensurate with experience. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits.

Cummins and E-verify

At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.

Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today.careers.cummins.com

Not ready to apply but want to learn more? Join our Talent Community to get the inside track on great jobs and confidentially connect to our recruiting team: https://www.cumminstalentcommunity.com/profile/join/

#DAAAI

Job
SYSTEMS/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Primary Location
United States-Indiana-Columbus-US, IN, Columbus, Sears Building
Job Type
Experienced - Exempt / Office
Recruitment Job Type Exempt - Experienced
Job Posting
Jul 23, 2020, 8:42:21 PM
Unposting Date
Ongoing",3.8,"Cummins Inc.
3.8","Columbus, IN",-1,10000+ Employees,1919,Company - Public,Transportation Equipment Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
359,Senior Data Scientist,"$116k-$184k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Recursion, our mission is to decode biology to radically improve lives. To accomplish this bold goal, we have already generated one of the largest biological datasets in existence in our own labs— tens of billions of images of cells under millions of different biological and chemical perturbations.

With treatments for hundreds of diseases in our sights, Recursion has constructed a world-class team of specialists in biology, drug discovery, automation, engineering, management, and data science that work side by side. Our data science team is no less diverse. We bring together domain expertise in computer science, physics, biology, mathematics, applied statistics, and more. Together, we analyze experimental results, develop best-practice analytical methods for a field that has none, and build the computational tooling required to fuel Recursion's drug-discovery engine.

HOW YOU'LL CONTRIBUTE:

You will help us accomplish all of this by applying your domain expertise, technical experience, and years working on a data science team to deliver scalable solutions that immediately impact decisions— in whatever area that expertise may be:
Biologists just generated a novel dataset and need help developing a new analytical approach.
Our Chemistry team needs a new tool to register and recommend molecules with specific properties from an X-million compound registry.
Our analysis toolkit needs to level-up to support the growing needs of the company.
A production ML model is underperforming on new data, and needs both a redesign and additional experimental data to support the desired objectives.
You will identify and then own projects that suit your expertise— meaning conception, planning, development, implementation, and delivery— with the support of whatever other data science and cross-team expertise is required.

THE EXPERIENCE YOU'LL NEED:
Minimum of 4 years in industry setting on a data science team
Experience working with production repositories and developing deployable data-science products.
High fluency with the Python data stack (pandas, sklearn, etc).
Professional experience in project leadership and team mentorship
Curiosity and the professional skill-set to excel in an open, highly collaborative environment.
A track record of outstanding past projects, publications, or presentations.
NICE TO HAVE:
Experience developing computational analysis for imaging-based biological datasets or bioinformatics for sequencing-based datasets.
Code you can share. Send a link along with your email.
THE BENEFITS/PERKS YOU'LL ENJOY
100% Coverage of health, vision, and dental insurance premiums
401(k) with generous matching (immediate vesting)
Stock option grants
Two one-week paid company closures (summer and winter)
Flexible vacation/sick leave
Onsite daycare facility*
Commuter benefit and vehicle parking to ease your commute*
Complimentary chef-prepared lunches and well-stocked snack bars*
Generous paid parental leave (including adoptive)
Fully-paid gym membership to Metro Fitness, located just feet away from our headquarters*
One-of-a-kind 100,000 square foot headquarters complete with a 70-foot climbing wall, showers, lockers, and bike parking*
*Subject to change during the COVID-19 pandemic

More About Us

Recursion is a digital biology company industrializing drug discovery. Recursion does this by combining automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning, in vivo validation capabilities and a highly cross-functional team to discover novel medicines that expand our collective understanding of biology. Recursion's rich, relatable database of over 4 petabytes of biological images generated in-house on the company's robotics platform enables advanced machine learning approaches to reveal drug candidates, mechanisms of action, novel chemistry, and potential toxicity, with the eventual goal of decoding biology and advancing new therapeutics that radically improve people's lives. Recursion is proudly headquartered in Salt Lake City.

Check out what it is like to work at Recursion here

Recursion is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. Recursion strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against applicants because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, pregnancy, gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current, or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law.",4.6,"Recursion Pharmaceuticals
4.6","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
360,SCIENTIST,"$42k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary

The incumbent is responsible for execution of chemistry or microbiology related protocols for instrument qualification, instrument software validation, test method validation, test method verification and test method transfer. Executed protocols shall support implementation of method of analysis for API, raw material, in-process, finished product and stability samples in the Quality Control Chemistry and Microbiology laboratory.
Reports to QC Principal Scientist
Duties are of routine nature following established standard operating procedures. Problem recognition ability is needed. Non-critical functions, and to a lesser degree some critical functions, utilize independent action and decision making with follow-up reporting to supervision.
Supervisor directly responsible for training, assignment of duties and review/approval of work. Direction, training and some day-to-day supervision may also come from a Lead Scientist.
Mentors Associate Scientists and Technicians.
Effectively communicates work and results both orally and in writing
Responsibilities

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES PERFORMED BY THE INCUMBENT

Develops new Standard Operating Procedures for laboratory test procedures. Maintains SOPs to assure constant compliance with corporate and regulatory requirements.
Drug product testing experience consisting of Standard Solutions, and ready to administer prefilled syringes (containing controlled substances, Biosimilars, and various injectable products).
Monitors and tracks laboratory test results.
Performs training on laboratory instrumentation for lower level positions and mentors them to further their development.
Schedules, initiates, coordinates, performs routine testing of raw material, in-process, finished product and stability samples, as needed.
Informs supervisory personnel of all relevant events impacting the operations and performance of the department discrepancies and out of limit conditions. Investigates and identifies additional testing to be performed to resolve these issues in a timely manner.
Maintains knowledge of current cGMPs and GLPs. Maintains compliance with current compendial methods.
Provides instrument/software qualification, method validation, method verification and method transfer test support.
Follows safety requirements and maintains good housekeeping of lab areas.
Reviews work performed by department staff for accuracy, completeness and conformance to specifications.
Supports new product development related testing as directed.
Prepares and performs routine analysis by HPLC, GC, AA/ICP or other analytical instrumentation including assay and impurity methods, collects, processes and calculates generated data.
Works with Principal Scientists, Lead Scientists, Supervisors, and/or Managers in development and validation of new laboratory test methods.
Develops protocols for laboratory methods and production process validations. Participates in performing validation work. Performs studies and validations required to support Product Development.
Coordinates the assembling of supplemental information for regulatory submissions.
Makes and implements timely decisions within the established authority and consistent with company policies, procedures and practices.
Performs protocol discrepancy reports as acceptance criteria are not met with associated protocols.
Performs training for QC staff on new instrumentation or new analytical or microbiology related test methods.
Assumes additional duties and responsibilities as assigned by management.

REQUIREMENTS

If Chemistry Related Discipline: B.S. in Chemistry or related field with 3-5 years of experience preferred. Background in analysis on HPLC and other analytical techniques (UPLC, LCMS, Gas Chromatography, Gas Chromatography with Head Space, Coagulation Analyzer, Atomic Absorption Spectroscopy, Automated Pipetting Platform, BET Analyzer, TOC Analyzer, NIR, FT-NIR, RAMAN, MT LabX, Waters Empower 3) desirable.
If Biochemistry Related Discipline: B.S in Biochemistry, Biology or related field with 3-5 years of experience preferred. Background in analysis on Size Exclusion-HPLC and other analytical techniques (UPLC, LCMS, Gas Chromatography, Gas Chromatography with Head Space, Tissue Culture, Capillary Electrophoresis, Solid Phase Extraction, SDS-PAGE, ELISA, Coagulation Analyzer, Atomic Absorption Spectroscopy, Automated Pipetting Platform, NIR, FT-NIR, RAMAN, MT LabX, Waters Empower 3) desirable.
If Microbiology Related Discipline: B.S. in Microbiology or related field with 3-5 years of experience preferred. Background in analysis on Microbiology Instrumentation/Equipment and other microbiology related techniques (LAL Automated Pipetting Platform, BET Analyzer, TOC Analyzer, Particulate Matter Analyzer, MT LabX, Isolator/Biosafety Hood Sterility Development, Bioburden Enhancement/Inhibitory Techniques,) desirable. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are essential.

IND-1

#GD

Additional Information

We offer an excellent salary and benefits package including medical, dental and vision coverage, as well as life insurance, disability, 401K with company match, and wellness program.

Fresenius Kabi is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disabilities, or protected veteran status.",3.5,"Fresenius Kabi
3.5","Wilson, NC",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
361,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"About Alpha Health
We’re on a mission to remedy the financial complexity crippling healthcare in America.

Our aim is to organize and use all healthcare information to reduce the cost of care and improve the patient experience.

As the first Unified Automation company for healthcare, we use the same machine learning approaches that made driverless cars possible to provide health systems with a single solution for revenue cycle management. Alpha Health’s Unified Automation brings together the best of people, data and technology to efficiently, accurately and autonomously navigate the complex state of medical reimbursement in the United States.

We are growing rapidly:
- The contracting process in healthcare typically averages nine months. Yet, in less than 12 months time, the team has landed multiple provider clients of all sizes across the US.
- The team has also deployed at several of these customers, providing meaningful and measurable value within 90 days.

We’ve built a cross-functional skill set deep into the DNA of the company. We have technology experts from the top Silicon Valley technology companies (Google, Facebook, etc) and machine learning PhD programs (Stanford, etc). We also have senior leaders from the frontlines of healthcare with decades of experience leading teams of medical billers at some of the most prominent healthcare institutions in the US. And we have a deep bench of talent from healthcare services firms like the Advisory Board, Optum and Triage Consulting.

Our founding team includes Silicon Valley leaders who have founded or been founding team members of multiple companies with successful exits, including in excess of $350 million.

We are expanding our team to support our work with existing customers as well as new customers. If you love to execute, we’d love to hear from you.

Alpha Health is based in South San Francisco. As a company we embraced remote work opportunities before COVID-19. We consider ourselves experts in working collaboratively wherever our team members happen to reside.

As part of the ML team you will work alongside machine learning PhDs from top schools (e.g., Stanford), as well as experienced machine learning engineers from top companies(e.g., Google). You will be putting machine learning into practice, so your code directly affects our customers immediately. You will be working with large proprietary medical and clinical datasets containing both structured documents, natural language and images.
What You'll Do
· Participate in developing state-of-art machine learning solutions to address large scale healthcare problems
· Design and build pipelines that collect, preprocess, and deliver data with a measurable quality
· Write production-ready software with fast and efficient algorithms
Skills & Qualifications
· Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent (Master's a plus) and/or relevant practical work experience
· 2+ years of work experience in machine learning or data engineering
· Strong proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Python and C++
· Hands-on development experience with big data technologies such as SQL and AWS/Cloud Platform
· Knowledge of machine learning frameworks such as Scikit-Learn, Keras, Tensorflow
· Full-stack development experience for an end to end machine learning solution preferred
· Experience with Natural Language Processing or Computer Vision a plus
· Strong communication and interpersonal skills with meticulous attention to detail",5.0,"Alpha Health
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
362,Quality Data Analyst,"$41k-$73k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Jubilant HollisterStier LLC provides a complete range of services to support the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industries. The Allergy business is a worldwide leader in the manufacture of allergenic extracts, targeted primarily at treating allergies and asthma. Jubilant HollisterStier is also a nationally recognized contract manufacturer of sterile injectable vials, and lyophilized products. Jubilant HollisterStier is owned by Jubilant Life Sciences.

Reporting to the Director of QA Operations, The Quality Data Analyst is responsible for data collection, statistical analysis, and investigative reporting functions for all Jubilant Pharma facilities. Essential responsibilities include but are not limited to:

Collect, analyze, trend, and manage quality-related data, and communicate results to upper management.
Prepare and distribute monthly Quality dashboard.
Prepare and distribute monthly Effeciency Matrix.
Perform Quality System Trending (to include metrics) related to: Incidents, CAPAs, Customer Complaints, Change Controls, EDRs, CERs, Internal Audits, etc.
Develop and maintain a pharmaceutical Quality By Design (QbD) policy and program to collect and evaluate critical process parameters from each product line as it matures through its life cycle.
Develop and prepare common, practical, and relevant metrics from across the Jubilant Pharma facilities in order to identify the most efficient and effective utilization of capital and human resources.

Qualifications:

Bachelor of Arts or Science required. Preferred majors are any hard sciences, mathematics, or statistics.
Minimum of 5 years related experience.
Must have 3 years pharmaceutical experience.
FDA Regulated Industry experience is required.
Must have solid understanding and proven performance utilizing statistical analysis.
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint is required.
Physical Requirements: Prolonged sitting.

Jubilant HollisterStier is a great place to grow!

If you’re up for a rewarding challenge, we invite you to take the first step and apply today!

http://www.jubilantcareer.jubl.com

Jubilant HollisterStier is an EEO/AA Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

If you require assistance applying for a position, please contact our HR Department at:

HResources@jhs.jubl.com",3.0,"Jubilant HollisterStier Spokane
3.0","Spokane, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
363,"Scientist, VI Next (Molecular Biology)","$73k-$152k
(Glassdoor Est.)","VelocImmune (VI) Next is an innovative group that focuses on development of groundbreaking technologies and platforms. We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated scientist to expand our cell/gene therapy efforts across Regeneron. The successful candidate will support the development of our CRISPR gene editing pipeline by incorporating innovative ways to design targeting strategies and screen sgRNAs/templates to carry out CRISPR mediated editing, insertion or deletion. Major responsibilities in this position will include (but not limited to): developing quantitative assays to measure efficiency of ex vivo genomic modification, selecting proper cell-based assays to analyze the expression and the biological functions of specific genes and mutants, developing quantitive assays to measure off-target potentials at genome-wide level, and optimize targeting conditions for ex vivo gene editing. Candidates are expected to work independently in a creative, collaborative, and diverse team environment, with strong support for skill and career development.

As the Scientist, VI Next, a typical day might include the following:

Designing sgRNAs and repair templates to carry out editing, knock-in and knock-out of genes
Developing and optimizing quantitative assays to analyze editing efficiency of multiple sgRNAs in different cell types
Carrying out genome-wide (eg. SITE-seq/ GUIDE-seq/ CIRCLE-seq, followed by amplicon-seq) quantitative analysis to identify and quantify off-target effects
Evaluating edited cells by cell based biochemical and functional assays, protein characterization, fluroscence microscopy
Innovating modifications in guide RNA design and chemistry to improve editing
Supporting efforts to optimize CRISPR delivery methods in different primary cell types
Optimizing targeting conditions customized to different cell types and different gene editing applications.
Maintaining and adapting state-of-the-art molecular and cell biology techniques, as well as gene editing tools. Inventing novel editing strategies and or tools.
Keeping organized record, summarize experimental data, and present them to audience with various backgrounds.
Leading and managing a group of RA/Scientists. Work with multiple groups simultaneously on multiple different projects.
Meeting the timelines for reagent development.
This role might be for you if:
You have excellent presentation and communication skills.
You have keen attention to detail.
You possess strong organizational and time-management skills.
You are able to effectively balance multiple projects independently and across groups.

To be considered for this opportunity, you must have a PhD in molecular/cellular biology, genetics, biochemistry, bioengineering, or a related field with 1-3 years of productive experimental research experience. In depth knowledge of sgRNA, ssODN designing and prediction of off-target sites is essential. Deep understanding of various gene editing platforms and proven track record of seting up sequencing experiments (NGS, SITE-seq, GUIDE-seq etc) and analysis of sequencing data to identify CRISPR-based gene editing (on and off target) is required. Experience of working with different types of mammalian cells including primary cells is highly desirable. Experience with delivery techniques for CRISPR based gene editing ex-vivo (electroporation, LNP, viral mediated) is helpful. Experience with large scale screening assays is definitely a plus. Ability to innovate and think out-of-the-box.

Does this sound like you? Apply now to take your first steps toward living the Regeneron Way! We have an inclusive and diverse culture that provides amazing benefits including health and wellness programs, fitness centers and stock for employees at all levels!

Regeneron is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief (or lack thereof), sex, nationality, national or ethnic origin, civil status, age, citizenship status, membership of the Traveler community, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, familial status, marital or registered civil partnership status, pregnancy or maternity status, gender identity, gender reassignment, military or veteran status, or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application process. Please contact us to discuss any accommodations you think you may need.

#LI-LC1
#INDSTAT",3.8,"Regeneron
3.8","Tarrytown, NY",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
364,"Data Scientist II, Product Analytics","$145k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Opportunity


At Livongo, data is at the heart of our culture of innovation. We're looking for a Data Science analytics team member to collaborate with Product Management and Marketing as we work toward optimizing our UX and messaging.

As a Data Scientist, Product Analytics your main focus will be to measure member experience and guide product decisions, ultimately making Livongo's products more valuable, delightful and intuitive to our Members. We're looking for someone with at least 2 years of experience in Data Analytics. In addition to technical data science skills, core competencies such as collaboration, decision-making, communication and flexibility will be key to your success.

This role offers the challenge and excitement of converting data analysis into real-life benefits. Come help us break new ground, while measurably improving lives and saving millions in healthcare costs.

Responsibilities
Provide insights about our products and member experience to inform Product teams for roadmap and feature decisions
Conduct exploratory analysis and develop statistical models to answer key product usage and engagement questions
Help Product and Marketing teams use experimentation (A/B testing) and cohorting to test assumptions and launch new marketing campaigns, features and product releases
Partner with Product teams to define and benchmark metrics for new features launches and initiatives and help create a culture of measurement
Candidate Profile
2+ years of work experience in product/data analytics or a related discipline
Data science experience (SQL, Python, R) and familiarity with managing large data sets
A general knowledge of machine learning approaches is a plus.
The ability to collaborate and communicate with Product Managers and help them craft hypotheses, and define and measure KPIs
Confidence working with ambiguity, unknown variables, and missing context (and the ability to find ways to bridge those gaps when necessary)
A self-starter approach, with strong motivation and drive for excellence
BS degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related filed in lieu of degree, relevant work experience and/or trade school
Why Join Livongo?


The Transformative Name in Healthcare: The transformative industry forces in Community, Content and Commerce are now household names. As Amazon is to Commerce, Livongo is to Healthcare. With our Applied Health Signals engine, AI+AI, we've transformed how care is delivered.

Our Work Truly Matters: Livongo's proprietary, consumer-first technology is revolutionizing the experience of living with a chronic health condition. Our data-driven digital health engine enables our Members to seamlessly manage multiple health conditions on one empowering platform. We use smart, connected devices, personalized digital guidance, and 24x7x365 access to health professionals to make it easier for people to stay healthier.

Make an Impact: Do you want to accomplish something meaningful? To create results that matter? Livongo's innovative solution produces industry-leading member satisfaction, measurable clinical outcomes and proven healthcare costs savings. Here you can truly improve lives.

The Largest Digital Health IPO in History: We are at a milestone period in our history. On July 25, 2019 we took our company public, in order to elevate and expand the way the industry views us, thus ushering us into a whole new set of mission-critical conversations that will help us accomplish the work still to be done. As we reach new levels of achievement, we accelerate our ability to deliver life-changing services.

Focus on PEOPLE: Livongo has been voted one of the Best Places to Work in healthcare, by Fortune Magazine and Best Place to Work! Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative and inspiring environment.

Diversity and Inclusion: At Livongo we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.

Growth and Innovation: We've already made healthcare history, yet we remain on the threshold of very big things. Leading the industry with our Applied Health Signals category, we have cracked the code to transforming healthcare. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.

See photos, watch videos and learn more about Livongo: follow us on Glassdoor.

#LivongoIPO #appliedhealthsignals

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy (including breastfeeding we have a mother's room in both our offices). In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind.",4.7,"Livongo
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
365,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"About SecurityScorecard:


SecurityScorecard is an industry-leading cybersecurity company backed by Google, Sequoia, and Riverwood. Our mission is to make the world a safer place. We measure your and your vendors' cyber-health by assigning a security rating of ""A"" through ""F"" based on outside-in, non-intrusive data. Our Comprehensive security ratings, advanced data analytics, and actionable insights discover Third-Party Vulnerabilities & Security Gaps In Real-Time.
We are headquartered in NYC with over 200+ employees globally, raised over $110M USD, used by 1,000+ enterprise customers, and rating 1.5 million companies. We have created a new category of enterprise software, and our culture has helped us be recognized as one of the 10 hottest SaaS startups in NY for two years in a row.
Our vision is to create a new language for companies and their partners to communicate, understand, and improve each other's security posture.

What you will do:


As a Senior Software Engineer on the Data Pipeline Platform team, you will help us scale, support, and build the next-generation platform for our data pipelines. The team's mission is to empower data scientists, software engineers, data engineers, and threat intelligence engineers accelerate the ingestion of new data sources and present the data in a meaningful way to our clients.

You will design and implement systems for ingesting, transforming, connecting, storing, and delivering data from a wide range of sources with varying levels of complexity and scale. You will enable other engineers to deliver value rapidly with minimum duplication of effort. Automate the infrastructure supporting the data pipeline as code and deployments by improving CI/CD pipelines. Monitor, troubleshoot, and improve the data platform to maintain stability and optimal performance.

Who you are:
Bachelor's degree or higher in a quantitative/technical field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Math
6+ years of data pipeline software development experience
Exceptional skills in at least one high-level programming language (Scala, Java, Go, Python or equivalent)
Actively using and a strong understanding of big data technologies such as Kafka, Spark, Storm, Apache Flink, Databricks toolkit and Cassandra
Experience with Dataflow orchestration in Google Cloud Flow, Airflow, or Conductor
Experience with AWS services including EMR, S3, Redshift, and RDS
Excellent communication skills to collaborate with cross-functional partners and independently drive projects and decisions
Previous experience working in distributed teams. We are a remote-first company!
Located in the U.S. or Canada
Benefits:
Competitive salary
Full health benefits
Stock options
401K
You are always welcome to work from home
$3000 per year education fund
#1 Ranked Cybersecurity Analytics company in the word
SecurityScorecard embraces diversity. We believe that our team is strengthened through hiring and retaining employees with diverse backgrounds, skillsets, ideas, and perspectives. We make hiring decisions based upon merit and do not discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.",4.1,"SecurityScorecard
4.1",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
366,Data Analyst,"$34k-$60k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We currently have a new opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our Accounting/Finance/Business Intelligence team. This position will work with data generated by a variety of credit union systems to create, validate, and generate business reports that management will use in decision making. This position will coordinate with various business areas to envision and develop report specifications, track the request pipeline and delivery metrics, suggest system enhancements, and create documentation.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Build and maintain queries, dashboards, and reports.
Respond to day to day custom requests for data and reports.
Perform ad hoc data requests and analysis as needed.
Extract data from various systems.
Analyze results of data reports for anomalies, accuracy, and applicability to business unit requests.
Maintain and develop data dictionaries and documentation of deliverables. Actively participate in data quality related tasks.
Identify patterns and trends in data sets.
Provide recommendations and interpretations of data and information.
Assist with application used for workflow and cross sales program.

Desired Skills and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in a business, computer, or data science preferred. MBA a plus.
Four years of experience working in database environments designing reports and working with extracts.
Excellent analytical skills with experience managing large amounts of data from various sources.
Experience combining, analyzing and presenting data in a clear manner.
Working knowledge of SQL preferred. Experience with Oracle databases a plus.
Proficient use of Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel and SQL databases.
Exposure to core banking systems a plus.
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to interact with all levels of end users and technical resources.
Self-motivated with the ability to react to change, feedback and critique quickly and positively.
Strong attention to detail.
Open and collaborative style, comfortable working in an environment where ideas are shared and challenged.
Ability to conceptualize and implement items in a changing environment.

Fox Communities Credit Union is a $2 billion in assets community-based credit union servicing over 104,000 members at 23 locations. We take pride in being a progressive, member-owned, full service financial institution dedicated to serving the community.

Fox Communities Credit Union believes our employees are our most important asset. We offer a great team environment, competitive salary and an excellent benefit package which includes, medical, dental, vision, life, short-term and long-term disability insurance, 401k (Roth and Traditional), which includes company contributions including match, and paid time off! As part of our commitment to the communities we serve we also offer all employee’s Paid Volunteer Time Off! If you are enthusiastic about a rewarding career with a successful & growing credit union, apply now!

Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities.",3.9,"Fox Communities Credit Union
3.9","Appleton, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1953,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
367,Energetics Engineer (Research Scientist),"$62k-$119k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Battelles founding mission to translate scientific discovery and technology advances into societal benefit is as relevant today as when we opened our doors over 90 years ago. Our science and technology enhance society's well-being and create critical innovations that drive scientific advances for the future. We conduct groundbreaking research and development, design and manufacture leading-edge products, and deliver critical services for commercial and government customers. Our work meets the needs of the nation when it matters most, and Battelle is committed to driving innovation today and for generations to come.
JOB SUMMARY
Battelle’s National Security Business Unit is currently seeking candidates for a full time, permanent position as an Energetics Engineer (Research Scientist) to provide support to government and commercial programs focused on the development, testing, evaluation, and implementation of materials, devices, and techniques designed to detect, provide protection against, and mitigate the effects of explosives.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
Execution, data analysis, documentation, and client communication assistance on various projects involving munitions/explosives/small arms testing and evaluation.
Assistance in the resolution/troubleshooting of technical difficulties and safety hazards involving munitions/explosives/small arms testing and evaluation.
Assist in the design and planning of projects, potentially including technical leadership of small teams of multidisciplinary scientists and technical support staff in the performance of selected tasks/projects within time and budget constraints.
Drafting of documentation of laboratory findings and results, including progress reports, final reports, and presentations.
Assistance with posters, articles, and presentations for technical conferences.
Assist with business development efforts, including cost estimation and preparation of white papers and proposals.
Oversee, mentor and train lower-level staff.
Domestic travel of approximately 10% of the time, with some travel events lasting 1-2 weeks.
THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED
Bachelor’s degree in chemistry, chemical engineering, mechanical engineering, or a related discipline.
Approximately 5 years of experience with munitions/explosives research, development, and/or test and evaluation
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Sole US citizenship, with the ability to obtain and maintain required government security clearances as a condition of employment.
Sufficient medical fitness to work in the laboratory and in the field to perform assigned duties, including working in test chambers, test ranges, munitions bunkers, and field environments.
The ability to work in a team environment.
THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED
Experience with modeling and simulation of explosive/energetic events
Safe handling practices for munitions and ordnance
Small arms handling, modification, armoring, gunsmithing
Experience with instrumentation for characterizing properties of energetic materials (e.g., DSC/TGA, bomb calorimetry, etc.)
Experience with flash X-ray and high-rate data capture (video, audio, pressure, electrical)
Experience with leading DOD contracted efforts including DFARS, IDIQ, and OTA contracted research
Explosives formulation, synthesis, handling, and passivation, including military, commercial, and improvised explosives
Experience with aerosol generation/measurement, sampling, characterization, air pollution analysis, and/or spray systems.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelles competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers",3.3,"Battelle
3.3","West Jefferson, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1929,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
368,Senior Battery Scientist/Engineer,-1,"Position: Senior Battery Scientist/Engineer

Company: BrightVolt (www.brightvolt.com)

LOCATION: Indiana

REPORTS TO: Chief Battery Scientist

COMPENSATION: DOE

POSITION SUMMARY: The Senior Battery Scientist/Engineer’s primary responsibility will be product design & development of thin film batteries including product specification at the development level. The prospective candidate is expected to follow through from cradle to adult stages of the product: based on the performance requirement, ensure comprehensive qualification and validation of the design, transfer developed battery technology to scale up and manufacturing teams, work alongside production and quality teams to ensure that scaled up products meet required specifications, and address inadequate product performance if necessary. The ideal candidate will be familiar with the construction and manufacturing processes of lithium-based batteries and have successfully worked on various battery design configurations from concept to production. Some travel may be required.

CORE POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES
Product design: from concept to scale up including all ancillary requirements. (ie; regulatory, testing, etc.)
Project management: project conceptualization, execution, management, and reporting
Process improvement: Product development system operations, development and characterization of new processes, and improvement of existing process to improve battery performance
Working knowledge of Technical Sales to assist the Sales & Marketing teams on technical know-hows
COMPETENCIES
Execution: Able to translate designs and planning to actions and quantifiable results.
Quality: Commitment to product quality & customer satisfaction
Benchmark: Closely monitor current industry trends; benchmark competitive products and technologies to maintain BrightVolt’s leadership position in battery design and technology
Ownership: Be committed to product excellence, value, and continuous improvement (quality, service, and cost)
Personality: Positive, energetic, team oriented. Can effectively foster collaborative relationships with team members at all organizational levels.
SKILLS:
Strong organizational and project management skills.
High attention to details, accuracy and precision
Advanced communication (oral & written) and interpersonal skills
Demonstrated knowledge of cell and battery testing methodologies; interpretation and presentation of data.
Design of experiment (DOE) at development level
Failure analysis (FMEA), including validation testing, and root cause analysis
Knowledge in 6-sigma design concept a plus
MINIMUM POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
BS Engineering in Chemical, Electrochemical or Material Science w/minimum 10 years related industrial experience, or an advanced degree with minimum 5 yrs. related experience, in battery (primaries and secondary) design & development.
Demonstrated proficiency with MS Office, MS Project, etc.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Relocation assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Overtime
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
battery design/engineering: 5 years (Required)
private company battery design and engineer design: 5 years (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.brightvolt.com
Company's Facebook page:
BrightVolt
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",4.1,"BrightVolt
4.1","Newberry, IN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
369,Health Data Analyst,"$48k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Tuesday, August 18, 2020

JOB SUMMARY:

Extract and analyze health care data for specific studies and corporate initiatives, assisting with data intensive projects. Serve as a technical resource to department staff and management. Work with management of operational areas to assist them in accumulating data to meet their needs. Provide advice to management regarding effective techniques to analyze and report on data to display the most effective result.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Perform routine to moderately complex analysis and design for various business applications.
Create reports and spreadsheets displaying data in a logical and concise manner.
Develop procedures to enhance reporting and query capabilities to improve efficiency and accuracy.
Maintain documentation of business specifications pertinent to the business requirements.
Provide fundamental analytical support to the organization by developing and promoting consistent analytical methodologies.
Design and model data extractions and provide comprehensive assessments of trends and data.
Participate in department initiatives and projects.
Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experience
Three to five years of health data analysis, business analysis, software application, database design, and technical documentation experience
Preferred Education, Additional Qualifications and Experience:
Knowledge of applied statistics
Knowledge of econometric modeling
HIAA certification
Experience in the health insurance industry
Required Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities:
Advanced analytical skills, with the ability to interpret and synthesize complex data sets
Understanding of SAS programming, spreadsheet, and database software and other application development tools
Good business acumen and political savvy
Knowledge of business process improvement techniques and strategies
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Negotiation skills
Presentation skills
Decision-making skills
Good problem solving skills
Ability to interface with employees at all levels
Ability to effectively navigate ambiguous situations with limited direction
Excellent organizational skills and ability to successfully prioritize multiple tasks
Ability to handle multiple priorities/projects

At Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island (BCBSRI), diversity and inclusion are central to our core values and strengthen our ability to meet the challenges of today's healthcare industry. BCBSRI is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information and gender identity or expression.
The law requires an employer to post notices describing the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, and genetic information and gender identity or expression. Please visit http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf to view the ""EEO is the Law"" poster.

Other details
Pay Type
Salary",3.6,"Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island
3.6","Providence, RI",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1939,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
370,Process Development Scientist - Parenteral,-1,"Summary

To conceive, design, implement and execute specific scientific experiments, which contribute to the successful completion of goals and/or projects under general guidance of supervisor. Under general guidance of supervisor, Conceives and designs, executes or evaluates, and interprets experimental strategies. Provides input to new processes to generate robust and reliable data.

Requirement
Bachelor’s degree in Science (Statistics, Biology, Biochemistry, Math or Chemistry Preferred) or Engineering (Industrial Engineering Preferred).
Experience in Process Monitoring (Continue process verification) for Parenteral and Solid products.
Own/lead investigations, corrective action implementations and participating in the root cause analysis.
Statistical knowledge and proficient in the use of Minitab and JMP, R-coding recommended.
Knowledge in data retrieval/data analysis/presentation tools (OsiSoft PI, Spotfire, Smartsheet, Tableau etc), as well as MS Office (including Excel, Word and PowerPoint).
Excellent technical writing skills.
Fully bilingual (Spanish/English)
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Parenteral: 5 years (Preferred)
Solid Products: 5 years (Required)
Root Cause Analysis: 5 years (Required)
Solid Process: 5 years (Required)
Investigations: 5 years (Required)
Benefits:
None
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Other",-1,PRPDG,Puerto Rico,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
371,Data Analyst,"$47k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Analyst
Location: Washington, DC
Education Required: Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in math, engineering, business, or the sciences.
Skills Required:

We are seeking highly motivated individuals to support a range of critical and exciting Department of Defense (DoD) and Naval Acquisition projects. Ideal candidates will possess a Bachelor’s degree in business, engineering, or related fields and 3+ years of experience, or a Master’s degree in a related field and at least one year of experience.

Successful candidates will also possess the following qualifications:
24 semester hours of quantitative course work (mathematics, statistics, engineering, physics, chemistry, etc.)
Experience obtaining, integrating, analyzing, and reporting client data, esp. acquisition data
Ability to apply analytic techniques to define project objectives and strategic direction, resolving complex problems using an in-depth knowledge of analytic methodologies and principles
Strong researching, data gathering, and technical reviews needed to produce written deliverables to include reports, spreadsheets, databases, formal process mapping, and technical designs
Microsoft Access experience
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance
U.S. Citizenship required
Responsibilities:
Assess requirements, determine necessary resources to accomplish task, hypothesize solutions, develop solution, and report findings to various levels of government leadership
Develop algorithms for data analysis
Plan and conducts work requiring judgment in the evaluation, selection, and adaptation and/or modification of methodologies and tools
Consult with senior consultants or functional specialists on unusual or complex problems
Assess requirements, determine necessary resources to accomplish task, hypothesize solutions, develop solution, and report findings
Benefits:
We offer competitive salaries commensurate with education and experience. We have an excellent benefits package that includes:
Comprehensive health, dental, life, long and short term disability insurance
100% Company funded Retirement Plans
Generous vacation, holiday and sick pay plans
Tuition assistance

Benefits are provided to employees regularly working a minimum of 30 hours per week.

Tecolote Research is a private, employee-owned corporation where people are our primary resource. Our investments in technology and training give our employees the tools to ensure our clients are provided the solutions they need, and our very high employee retention rate and stable workforce is an added value to our customers. Apply now to connect with a company that invests in you.",4.0,"Tecolote Research
4.0","Washington, DC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
372,Staff Data Scientist,"$123k-$196k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At realtor.com, we process terabytes of data everyday and transform that data into information that powers decisions for millions of home buyers, renters, dreamers, and real estate professionals. We aim to radically simplify home buying/selling and help more people achieve the American dream on our realtor.com website and mobile apps.

What will you do?

We seek a highly seasoned Staff Data Scientist to join our experienced data science team and help take it to the next level. As a key member of the team, you will be responsible for the development of innovative concepts, research, predictive modeling, and machine learning algorithms. You will serve as a mentor for the junior data scientists on the team and provide guidance on their individual projects.

Responsibilities:
Develop predictive, explanatory models and machine learning algorithms.
Create automated learning systems that gracefully scale to increasing complexity and expectation.
Perform exploratory analysis on realtor.com's wealth of data including consumer web and mobile behavior and North America's most comprehensive and up-to-date listings and properties data set.
Effectively partner with product and engineering teams to build new data driven and machine learning based features for enriching the consumer experience of home shoppers, renters and sellers.
Design and build data science solutions to drive revenue growth, customer retention and support strategic decision making.
Generate descriptive visualizations and presentations to communicate insights.
Drive A/B & multivariate tests and design of experiments to facilitate testing of new product and design features, with focus on improving engagement, retention, and conversion.
Help improve the scope of our data sets by identifying new data collection and procurement opportunities on an ongoing basis.
Mentor a team of data scientists on data exploration, machine learning and developing data-oriented products.
Work with a sense of ownership and urgency, advocate for experimentation based, agile culture.
What will you bring?
Requirements:
PhD/MS in computer science, statistics, mathematics, operations research or related fields.
4+ years of relevant experience in data science, machine learning or applied statistics.
Experience with Machine Learning, NLP or Computer Vision and data mining tools and underlying algorithms.
Experienced in Python, R, Spark or other languages and frameworks appropriate for large scale analysis of structured and unstructured data.
Working experience with relational databases (SQL) and large scale distributed systems.
Experience with experiment design and A/B and multivariate tests.
Proven track record of developing online data products.
Strong creative thinking and problem solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills.
About realtor.com

At realtor.com®, we believe that everyone deserves a home of their own. We're a community of nearly 2,000 employees that work hard to ensure that from the moment someone starts dreaming about a new home, to the moment they walk in the door and beyond, we're there to lend a helping hand. Every month, 70 million people trust us with their journey home by visiting our site and mobile apps, and we'd love to have you join our team to help.

We've got great offices across Canada and the US and lots of sweet jobs to choose from, so we're hoping you'll join us on our journey to make home buying and selling easier, and more rewarding for everyone.

Let's make a difference, together. For Real.

#LI-IH1",2.8,"realtor.com
2.8","Santa Clara, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
373,Senior Physiological Data Scientist,-1,"ABOUT US:

Embr Labs believes in harnessing the body’s natural response to temperature to enhance human wellbeing. We are a wellness tech company that has developed a unique, wearable thermal technology with therapeutic applications in both the consumer and regulated device sectors.

To date, Embr has sold over 65,000 devices to customers in 150 countries around the world. A mobile app and backend augment our hardware devices, forming a unique technology platform that combines thermal stimulation, digital interventions, and data to manage symptoms and treat disease. Our technology was invented by the company’s founders while at MIT; we are backed by DigiTx Partners, Safar Partners, Bose Ventures and Intel Capital, and we have partnered with companies like Johnson & Johnson.

‘EMBR’ stands for Environment, Mind, Body Resonance: we believe that technology can help us lead more balanced lives. Our workplace cultivates both fulfillment and fun. We are looking for an exceptional candidate to help us create a future where digital thermal interventions help people live better lives.

DESCRIPTION:

We seek a smart, energetic, and impact-oriented Senior Physiological Data Scientist. This is a strategic hire that will lead Embr Labs’ expansion into continuous physiological monitoring and real-time symptom detection.

Embr is now designing its next generation of innovative products where sensors and algorithms will be critical and offer a core competitive advantage. The Senior Physiological Data Scientist will lead a wide range of activities, from database design and machine learning to project management and technical leadership.

Collaborating with Embr’s senior technical leaders, and leading research collaborations, they will develop new technical capabilities for Embr Labs by taking early concepts all the way to productizable prototypes. For the first two years, the Senior Physiological Data Scientist will also hold a Visiting Scientist position with the Department of Kinesiology and Institute for Applied Life Sciences at the University of Massachusetts Amherst (UMass IALS).

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Provide technical leadership for sensor data-related research and development at Embr Labs
Oversee the development of new technical capabilities that utilize physiological monitoring
Develop R&D data infrastructure to transfer and store physiological data streams, including data pipelines and databases
Train, refine, and evaluate algorithms that identify symptoms and other physiological markers from sensor data
Collaborate with researchers and engineers to translate algorithms into low-latency embedded systems on actual prototype devices, and in the translation of successful prototype devices into actual commercial products
Ensure that physiological data projects are executed on schedule and on budget, and that collaborations with academic & industry partners are smooth and efficient.
IDEAL CANDIDATES WILL HAVE:
Deep technical expertise in biomedical informatics, data science, or biomedical engineering (Ph.D. or equivalent industry experience).
Experience working with physiological data from wearables or body sensors.
Proficiency in machine learning and deep learning for human physiology data.
Successful track record of taking algorithms from conception to implementation on products.
A self-starter personality and the ability to work with broad direction and little oversight.
Proficient in Python, Matlab, or R; Git; and SQL.
Excellent communication and teamwork skills.
Experience with relational and/or NoSQL database technologies, streaming data processing and data lakes is a plus.
THINGS YOU WILL GET:
A full-time position at Embr Labs, combined with a two-year Visiting Scientist position at UMass Amherst Department of Kinesiology & Institute for Applied Life Sciences.
The opportunity to make a transformative impact at a rapidly growing wellness tech startup company.
Constant exposure to interesting science and novel technology.
Ability to build relationships with other technology leaders in the emerging Digital Therapeutics ecosystem
A strong leadership team that encourages close collaboration; talented, open-minded team of contributing engineers.
A dynamic, exciting workplace with a flexible work environment
A caring team that values mutual respect and includes three MIT co-founders, one of the top female CEOs in the Boston tech scene, bright and thoughtful employees, and a small dog.
Competitive compensation, benefits, and equity in a fast-growing startup.
LOCATION:

This position is based at UMass in Amherst, Massachusetts for the first two years. Following the completion of the project with UMass IALS, the Senior Physiological Data Scientist will be given the opportunity to work from the Embr Labs office in Boston or to keep working remotely from Amherst.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $55,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
biomedical informatics or biomedical engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
Location:
Amherst, MA 01003 (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.embrlabs.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.9,"Embr Labs, Inc
4.9","Amherst, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
374,Senior Data Analyst,"$43k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Company Overview:

Guided by a mission to help, ABILITY, an Inovalon company, is a leading information technology company helping healthcare providers and payers simplify administrative and clinical complexity by enabling data-driven improvements in healthcare.

Through specialized, easy-to-use applications and data analytics that work together, customers of all types and sizes across the continuum of care – rely on ABILITY to help optimize reimbursement, care quality and staffing.

Our employee philosophy is simple: We hire smart, talented people and trust them to do their thing. As part of ABILITY, you’ll grow with a company that wants you to succeed. To support you, we provide the teams, the latitude, the support and the culture so you can try new things, broaden your experience, and grow and succeed with us. Join our team and help make ABILITY a great place to do great work.

Job Purpose:

There are two primary outcomes of this Senior Data Analyst role. The first outcome is to provide analysis and reporting to leadership to drive the business forward. The second outcome is to keep our systems and data warehouse efficient and accurate through writing efficient SQL code, designing automated reporting, and providing recommendations to committees for further process/workflow automation. This role will be interacting with all departments and job roles, from the bottom of the org chart up to the President of ABILITY and will require strong communication and technical skills.

Responsibilities


Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Developer of ad-hoc, automated, and recurring reporting enterprise wide (Executive Team, Finance, Marketing, Sales, Sales Operations, Customer Operations, IT, Development, Product Management)
Develop and maintain a database and reporting structure in order to remain the primary source of data analytics and reporting within the company
Communicate your analysis and reporting in an easy to understand way through presentations, email, and with proper documentation.
Learn & maintain an in-depth knowledge of the processes relevant to data analytics that are in place for each department while identifying areas for process improvement and working to fix them
Perform month end variance analyses to understand in detail the drivers for variations in financials and various other 'ad-hoc' analyses as requested to help identify what is happening within the business
Lead, encourage, and support all analysts with reporting, insights, project review, and training in our data measures and structures
Research and implement new reporting solutions, both with internal applications and external applications in order to utilize our technology to the fullest
Maintain compliance with Inovalon’s policies, procedures and mission statement;
Adhere to all confidentiality and HIPAA requirements as outlined within Inovalon’s Operating Policies and Procedures in all ways and at all times with respect to any aspect of the data handled or services rendered in the undertaking of the position;
Fulfill those responsibilities and/or duties that may be reasonably provided by Inovalon for the purpose of achieving operational and financial success of the Company;
Uphold responsibilities relative to the separation of duties for applicable processes and procedures within your job function; and
We reserve the right to change this job description from time to time as business needs dictate and will provide notice of such.
Qualifications
BA/BS in Finance, Accounting or related Data Analysis field
Minimum 5 years of related experience
Expert knowledge in Microsoft Office suite including Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint
Ability to write complex SQL queries required
Experience with Tableau required
Experience with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) required
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrate ability to work effectively with others within a complex, fast paced organization required
Capability to work independently when needed, with strong “executive presence”
Merger and acquisition experience a plus


Travel: 0%",3.0,"Ability Network
3.0","Minneapolis, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
375,"in vitro Chronic Lung Disease Scientist, Respiratory Discovery","$60k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","500+ million people worldwide suffer from chronic respiratory disease. The Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research is seeking an innovative scientist to join the Integrated Discovery Biology group in the Respiratory Diseases Department to develop novel in vitro models to drive target discovery and validation, and ultimately develop ground-breaking therapies for these patients.
The successful candidate will work in an interdisciplinary group that builds exploratory respiratory efforts into vibrant drug discovery projects. She/he will have demonstrated competency in various cell-based assay technologies that will drive decision-making activities to bring forward development candidates for ground-breaking therapies in respiratory disease.

Your Key responsibilities:

• Conduct in vitro assays to interrogate biological processes and test novel therapeutics for activity against key signaling mechanisms
• Perform cell culture with human lung cells and establish endpoints relevant to chronic lung diseases
• Deliver high quality data to help advance drug discovery projects in the respiratory portfolio
• Data analysis and interpretation to better understand respiratory disease mechanisms and compound mechanism of action
• Work in compliance with the Novartis Code of Conduct and in accordance with Novartis guidelines on health and safety and data recording

What You'll Bring to the Role:

• BS or MS (or equivalent) in biological sciences, or related subject area and a minimum of 3 years related laboratory experience in an academic or industrial drug discovery setting in a role providing in vitro support to project teams with a strong emphasis on cell biology and MoA studies.
• Proven expertise in in vitro cell assay development.
• Strong written and verbal communication skills.
• Able to work independently in a fast-paced environment.
• Ability to independently design experiments and generate, analyze, and present data.
• Qualified candidates will have a dedication to scientific excellence, an appreciation for multidisciplinary technology integration, and an ability to troubleshoot and solve problems.

Desirable Skills:

• Experience with iPSC and/or primary respiratory cell culture.
• Experience with co-culture models
• Experience with CRISPR/Cas9 technology.
• Respiratory epithelial biology and disease knowledge.
• Familiarity with compound handling and the identification and implementation of new technologies that will improve in vitro models.
• Experience in a range of laboratory techniques including flow cytometry, fluorescence microscopy ELISA, qPCR and Western blotting

Why consider Novartis?

799 million. That’s how many lives our products touched in 2019. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?

We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.

Imagine what you could do at Novartis!

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:

Novartis embraces diversity, equal opportunity and inclusion. We are committed to building diverse teams, representative of the patients and communities we serve, and we strive to create an inclusive workplace that cultivates bold innovation through collaboration, and empowers our people to unleash their full potential.

The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
376,DOD Data Scientist/Engineer - Junior,"$66k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.

Responsibilities

In the position of Data Scientist, the incumbent will support the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) in a once-in-a-generation digital transformation, driving change and devising how data can be integrated, controlled, distributed, and accessed by programs, business units and operators across the enterprise. Guidehouse is seeking an enthusiastic data scientist with the desire to harness data through the application of data science principles, tools, and methods and to share this knowledge as a mentor and coach for others. The individual will support the NAVAIR Digital Group in establishing practical and applied data science practices at NAVAIR, and in solving complex problems that have data driven solutions. This individual will additionally mentor and instruct employees during this process with the goal or sharing their knowledge and growing the data science skill base in Southern Maryland at Patuxent River.

Qualifications

Security Clearance:

Must have an Active Secret Clearance or above.

Responsibilities

Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of data structures and metrics advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.
Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess product improvement.
Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.

Required Skills

Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).
Experience in one or more functional programming languages, especially Java or Python.
Able to clearly communicate (speaking and writing) technical concepts to a non-technical audience.
Experience with data engineering and data security practices.
Experience managing, unifying, and automating dataflows from disparate sources

Required Experience

Bachelors Degree preferred. Heavy preference given to Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Information Science, or a similar quantitative field.
Associate’s Degree plus 4 years’ additional work experience or demonstrated specialized expertise may be substituted for a Bachelor’s Degree
1 to 3 years of programming experience with the ability to write / maintain scripts in Python (or other scripting languages)
Understanding of SQL
Working knowledge of data format conversion
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team.
Strong problem solving skills.
Ability to maintain a US DoD Secret Security clearance throughout employment.

Desired Experience

Experience working on agile programs + Experience with agile tools such as JIRA and Confluence
Understanding of cloud architecture + Experience working with NoSQL databases
2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).
Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).

Additional Requirements

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.

Disclaimer

About Guidehouse

Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.

Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.

If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.

Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.

Rewards and Benefits

Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.

Benefits include:

Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance

Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays

Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance

401(k) Retirement Plan

Basic Life & Supplemental Life

Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts

Short-Term & Long-Term Disability

Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities

Skills Development & Certifications

Employee Referral Program

Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach

Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program",3.5,"Guidehouse
3.5","Patuxent River, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
377,Machine Learning Engineer,"$118k-$201k
(Glassdoor Est.)","With the continued impact of COVID-19 and social distancing measures, Kensho is conducting all interviews and on-boarding activities remotely. At the present time, all employees are working remotely, until further notice. When the time comes to open our offices, Kensho will fully support those employees who would like to continue working remotely and not ask anyone to return to the office until they are comfortable.

At Kensho, we hire talented people and give them the freedom, support, and resources needed to build cutting edge technology and products for our parent company, S&P Global. As a result, we produce technology that is scalable, robust, and solves the challenges of one of the world’s largest, most successful financial institutions.

As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be responsible for tackling a wide range of problems from natural language processing to timeseries prediction. You will move beyond the theoretical confines of academia and apply your tradecraft to build machine learning systems on real world data. In this role, you will constantly collaborate and work with groups of engineers. Our Machine Learning team is responsible for delivering ML-based solutions from problem framing, to prototyping, and production application.
Are you looking to make impactful, scalable contributions that transform the way we think about data? If so, we would love to help you excel here at Kensho. We take pride in our tightly-knit, team-based community that provides our Kenshins with a collaborative, supportive environment to bring transparency to the biggest challenges in data.
What You’ll Do
You will conduct original research on large proprietary and open source data sets
Identify, research, prototype, and build predictive products
You will build cutting-edge models for understanding vast amounts of textual data
Write production code
You will write tests to ensure the robustness and reliability of your productionized models
You will work closely with software engineers to build incredible systems
Technologies You’ll Use
Python and specifically NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, SciKit-learn
Neural network packages like TensorFlow/Keras and pytorch
ML packages like LightGBM and XGBoost
OpenFST
Elasticsearch
Required Skills, Knowledge & Experience
You have 3+ years of experience being a major machine learning contributor at a top company, hedge fund, or university
You have at least one core programming expertise, such as Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas), MATLAB, or R
You have experience with advanced machine learning methods
You possess strong statistical knowledge, intuition, and experience modeling real data
You demonstrate effective coding, documentation, and communication habits
You have a strong research acumen and experiment design skills
You have the ability and credibility to lead a team
You have a stellar ability to communicate even the most complicated methods and results to a broad, often non-technical audience
Several of the following terms should hold deep meaning for you: LSTM, lookahead bias, bagging, boosting, stacking, information retrieval, batch norm, entity recognition, bootstrapping, Glorot initialization, Kullback-Leibler divergence, GLOVE, SMAPE, HMM, MAP, exponential family, VC dimension, EM, L1, TD(Lambda)
How to Really Get Our Attention
Your GitHub/Kaggle profile shows a project or problems you’ve tackled
You have relevant research or publications
You are a specialist in deep learning in an academic setting or production-grade machine learning


At Kensho, we pride ourselves on providing top-of-market benefits, including:
- Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance
- 100% company paid premiums
- Unlimited Paid Time Off
- 18 weeks of 100% paid Parental Leave (paternity and maternity)
- 401(k) plan with 6% employer matching
- Generous company matching on donations to non-profit charities
- Up to $20,000 tuition assistance toward degree programs, plus up to $4,000/year for ongoing professional education such as industry conferences
- Plentiful snacks, drinks, and regularly catered lunches
- Dog-friendly office (CAM office)
- In-office gyms and showers (CAM, DC) or Equinox membership (LA, NYC)
- Stipend towards commuter or gym reimbursement
- Bike sharing program memberships
- Compassion leave and elder care leave
- Mentoring and additional learning opportunities
- Opportunity to expand professional network and participate in conferences and events
About Kensho
Kensho uses machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and data visualization techniques to solve some of the hardest analytical problems and create breakthrough financial intelligence solutions for our parent company, S&P Global.
Kensho was founded in 2013 by Harvard & MIT alums and was acquired by S&P Global in 2018. Kensho continues to operate as a startup in order to maintain our distinct, independent brand and to promote our breakthrough, innovative culture. Our team of Kenshins enjoy a dynamic and collaborative work environment that runs autonomously from S&P, while leveraging the unparalleled breadth and depth of data and resources available as part of S&P Global. As Kenshins, we pride ourselves on maintaining an innovative culture that depends on diversity and inclusion.
We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes future Kenshins with all experiences and perspectives. Kensho is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with offices in New York City, Washington D.C. and Los Angeles. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.1,"Kensho
4.1","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
378,Data Scientist II,"$56k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Nolij Consulting LLC is a certified Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) that provides information technology services in test and evaluation (T&E), enterprise architecture (EA), electronic health record (EHR) modernization, infrastructure operations and maintenance (O&M), data analytics and visualization, and agile transformation. Our mission is to understand the challenges and goals of our clients, address them with innovative solutions, and work together to achieve project success. Were eager to hear from candidates like you that can join and contribute to our team.

Nolij Consulting has an opening for a Data Scientist II to join our team based in Vienna, VA.

Responsibilities:
Must be able to design, modify, develop, write and implement software programming applications.
Must be able to support and/or install software applications/operating systems.
Must be able to participate in the testing process through test reviews and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software.
Must be able to design, plan, and coordinate work teams.
Must be able to provides technical support to project team members.
Must be familiar with a variety of the field concepts, practices, and procedures.
Must be able to rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Must be able to perform a variety of tasks.
Must be able to lead and direct the work of others.
Must exhibit a wide degree of creativity and latitude.
Must typically be able to report to a head of a unit/department
Requirements:
Required a bachelor's degree in science or a related area.
Required 6-8 years of experience in the field.
Note: Since this position is for a Federal Project, a candidate must possess US Citizenship to obtain Clearance.
Do you like the idea of being a driver on a team of distinction? If so, we want to hear from you. To apply, go to https://www.nolijconsulting.com/careers/

Nolij is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer and encourages all qualified applicants to apply.",4.1,"Nolij Consulting
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
379,Data Science All Star Program - Data Engineer Track,"$64k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Science All Star Program - Data Engineer Track

Job Title

Data Science All Star Program - Data Engineer Track

Job
ID

27260177

Duration

Location

Columbia,

MD

Other Location

Description

Dynamic, Fast-growing, Entrepreneurial Data Science Solutions Company seeking data Engineers! If you’ve got entrepreneurial spirit and passion, are driven by results, and want to be a part of significant growth, we’re looking for you!

BLEND360 is a multi-award winning Marketing Company who is privileged to provide our services to some of the most respected and recognized brands in the world. At BLEND360 it is all about advancing our clients marketing capabilities and performance.

If you are ready to ignite the fire for digital marketing and join our team, please keep reading!

*************************************************************************************

Our Data Science All Stars Program is a 6-month consultant training program for master’s graduates in Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science and other quantitative programs. Participants will have the opportunity to learn from top Data Scientists, work on real-world analytics projects, and gain experience with Fortune 500 clients across a variety of verticals. They will work alongside our Data Scientists to get data into proper shape, perform statistical analyses and develop predictive models to solve our clients’ business problems.

The primary objective of this program is to develop participants into productive, client engaged BLEND360 employees and set the foundation to build a fast track career in one of 4 areas:

Data Science

Data Engineering

Marketing- Adobe Cloud

Marketing Analytics .

The All-Star focused on Data Engineering will:
Work with business leaders to solve clients’ business challenges and improve clients’ business results using advanced analytics techniques. We contribute our Advanced Data Science subject matter expertise to the recommendations and solutions delivered to our clients.
Spend most of their time on getting data into proper shape, performing statistical analyses, developing predictive models and machine learning algorithms to solve clients’ business problems. We evaluate different sources of data, discover patterns hidden within raw data, create insightful variables, and develop competing models with different machine learning algorithms. We validate and cross validate our recommendations to make sure our recommendations will perform well over time.
Partner with client technical resources as well as BLEND360 team members, providing guidance and solutions for data architectures, data conversions, ETL and implementation of models in a production environment. The ideal candidate has retail experience and can provide technical expertise working with cloud based platforms as well as traditional data warehouse environments.
Main Responsibilities
Work with practice leaders and clients to understand how to make data accessible and usable throughout the organization.
Defines data environment design for the reporting and modeling/machine learning use cases that is consistent, maintainable and flexible.
Works with client and BLEND360 teams to identify use cases and functional requirements that drive the reporting and modeling data solutions.
Designs the database structure including tables, views, synonyms, sequences, triggers, procedures, functions, indexes and materialized views as relevant.
Provides the framework for integrating source systems with the reporting and modeling data environments – develops the ERD and data dictionaries
Implements business rules via stored procedures, middleware, or other technologies.
Develops strategies for flexibility and scalability, and defines the future technical architecture direction for the business intelligence reporting and analytical environments.
Problem solve with practice leaders to understand how to build the data pipelines that can support the business, formulate different approaches, outline pros and cons for each approach.
Work with practice leaders to get client feedback, get alignment on approaches, deliverables, and overall timeline
Document data flow, infrastructure and processes.
Turn models and machine learning algorithms into implementable production code
The Details:
Location: Columbia, MD
Duration:Full-time
Travel Requirements:Up to 25% (could be as much as (30% - 40% depending on projects)
Benefits:Health, Vision, Dental, 401K plan, Life Insurance, Pretax Commuter Benefits, and an incredibly supportive team cheering you on!
Qualifications:

o MS or PhD degree in Operation Research, Advanced Analytics, Computer Sciences, Engineering

o 1+ years’ professional experience in Data Engineering practices, such as:
data warehousing, optimization, and productionalization with examples of increased responsibility and evolving technologies.
developing code and/or applications using software such as Pyspark, Python, SQL, Scala, Java, etc.
deploying machine learning and data science pipelines into production using model management solutions and leveraging CICD solutions (e.g., Jenkins) for automation
configuring cloud platforms and configuring elastic compute environments in a cloud platform
Familiarity with and understanding of modern machine learning approaches, algorithms, libraries, and processes for feature selection / engineering
Experience building containerized applications and deploying those applications using solutions like Kubernetes
Experience with structured or un-structured data processing tools (SQL, Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Hive, Pig, etc)
Comfortable with cloud-based platforms (AWS, Azure, Databricks, Google)",4.5,"Blend360
4.5","Columbia, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
380,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"Who We Are

Encortex is a data intelligence agency in Boston, that leverages cutting-edge quantitative analysis to help blue chip firms deploy capital more efficiently. We are a small, ambitious, and diverse group of quantitative analysts, data engineers, software engineers, & digital marketers. At the heart of what we do, is the belief that we change the way our clients collect, protect, and monetize data.

Who You Are

You are a curious individual who adapts to new environments and is comfortable with change. You believe in iterative progress, failing fast, and working through issues - alone and with others - until they are complete solved. You expect to contribute to your team's success, but also to the larger Encortex community. You appreciate and reflect our core values of Precision, Curiosity, Honesty, Responsibility, Fun & Respect.

What You’ll Do

As the Senior Data Engineer, reporting to the Vice President of Engineering, you have a love of technology, efficient operations, and use the former to improve the latter.

Responsibilities
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Perform routine data analysis for business owners for the purposes of revenue optimization and discovery
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS 'big data' technologies
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into increased revenue, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics
Work with stakeholders to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems
What You’ll Learn

At Encortex, you will benefit from interacting with a small team of super interesting people. You will learn how to solve problems in a community of problem solvers. You will appreciate the value of failing fast, transparent and honest communication, and working with a team that feels the same.

Requirements
1-2 years of data project leadership experience
SQL mastery, including techniques for writing efficient code over large datasets
Ability to leverage critical data-driven thinking and enthusiasm for translating data into actionable insight to generate consistently accurate and useful analysis and models
Experience with data visualization techniques and tools such as Redash, Tableau, ChartIO, etc.
Experience building and optimizing 'big data' data pipelines, architectures and data sets
Strong analytic skills
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable 'big data' data stores
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Airflow, Luigi, etc.
Experience with statistical analysis of large data sets including regression, classification and correlation
We are looking for a candidate with 5+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics or another quantitative field. They should also have experience using the following software/tools:
* Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
* Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, RDS, Redshift
* Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
* Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Scala, etc.
Encortex, LLC is an equal opportunity employer.",-1,Encortex LLC,"Boston, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
381,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"Who We Are

Encortex is a data intelligence agency in Boston, that leverages cutting-edge quantitative analysis to help blue chip firms deploy capital more efficiently. We are a small, ambitious, and diverse group of quantitative analysts, data engineers, software engineers, & digital marketers. At the heart of what we do, is the belief that we change the way our clients collect, protect, and monetize data.

Who You Are

You are a curious individual who adapts to new environments and is comfortable with change. You believe in iterative progress, failing fast, and working through issues - alone and with others - until they are complete solved. You expect to contribute to your team's success, but also to the larger Encortex community. You appreciate and reflect our core values of Precision, Curiosity, Honesty, Responsibility, Fun & Respect.

What You’ll Do

As the Senior Data Engineer, reporting to the Vice President of Engineering, you have a love of technology, efficient operations, and use the former to improve the latter.

Responsibilities
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Perform routine data analysis for business owners for the purposes of revenue optimization and discovery
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS 'big data' technologies
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into increased revenue, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics
Work with stakeholders to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems
What You’ll Learn

At Encortex, you will benefit from interacting with a small team of super interesting people. You will learn how to solve problems in a community of problem solvers. You will appreciate the value of failing fast, transparent and honest communication, and working with a team that feels the same.

Requirements
1-2 years of data project leadership experience
SQL mastery, including techniques for writing efficient code over large datasets
Ability to leverage critical data-driven thinking and enthusiasm for translating data into actionable insight to generate consistently accurate and useful analysis and models
Experience with data visualization techniques and tools such as Redash, Tableau, ChartIO, etc.
Experience building and optimizing 'big data' data pipelines, architectures and data sets
Strong analytic skills
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable 'big data' data stores
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Airflow, Luigi, etc.
Experience with statistical analysis of large data sets including regression, classification and correlation
We are looking for a candidate with 5+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics or another quantitative field. They should also have experience using the following software/tools:
* Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
* Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, RDS, Redshift
* Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
* Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Scala, etc.
Encortex, LLC is an equal opportunity employer.",-1,Encortex LLC,"Boston, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
382,Business Intelligence Analyst & Developer,"$36k-$74k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Everyone wants to work with people they respect. Even better if you can work with a company you respect. We have both at The David J. Joseph Company, and a 135+ year track record on operating an ethical business with a positive work culture. It may sound cliché, but it’s true. We’re a big, global company that still feels small.

Working at the David J. Joseph Company is unique. We offer employment in diverse settings such as traditional corporate headquarters, dynamic sales locations, and scrap recycling facilities. This workplace diversity gives our employees the variety they crave and the exposure to a global business. A career at The David J. Joseph Company is ideal for self-starters seeking to make an impact on our company and their careers.

The David J. Joseph Company (DJJ), founded in 1885, is a world leader in scrap metal recycling & trading. With over 80+ locations, the Joseph Company is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nucor Corporation (NUE) a Fortune 200 Company.

Responsibilities
Performs solution design, development, testing, debugging and maintenance for one or more of the following enterprise data team areas of responsibility:
Enterprise data modeling
ETL systems
BI semantic layers
Dashboards and reports
Ad-hoc data analysis
Participates in requirements gathering, design sessions, fact-finding and prototyping activities to drive business adoption of data products.
Documents detailed solution specifications, data mappings, test cases and maintenance routines.
Works collaboratively with other team members to evolve best practices and team standards for data visualization, data modeling, or data integration.
Develops and maintains knowledge of customer’s business by learning through a mix of project work, partnering with business users, and seeking out learning opportunities.
Participates, along with other team members, in a support rotation, handling system triage and resolving user-facing tickets.
Delivers solutions that are optimized for performance and proactively tunes and refactors existing solutions.
Develops and refines new and existing data products to ensure data quality and single source of truth.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or Business-related discipline is preferred. Equivalent combination of experience and education will be considered.
Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience including working knowledge of relational databases, data warehouse environments, and SQL.
Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience with business intelligence, data integration or data analytics tools and languages (for example: MicroStrategy, PowerBI, Tableau, MDX, multidimensional or tabular cubes; ETL development; R, Python).
Preferred experience utilizing source control systems to perform development tasks (git or TFS).
Preferred experience developing cloud-based data solutions (Azure, SnowFlake, RedShift, etc.)
Demonstrates working knowledge, practical skills and the ability to perform work under moderate supervision.
Must be detail-oriented with the ability to manage multiple assignments effectively.
Requires effective communication skills to convey status, ideas and concepts in a team environment.
Requires professional demeanor with a high degree of flexibility, responsiveness and self-direction.
Benefits


We offer a competitive compensation and benefit package including paid training, bonus program, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverage, vacation, paid holidays, a 401(k) plan with match, tuition reimbursement and other great benefits.

EEO Statement


The David J Joseph Company (DJJ) is a drug-free workplace and conducts pre-employment testing as a condition of employment.DJJ is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, sex, pregnancy, lactation/breastfeeding, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, marital status, familial status, disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations. DJJ hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled. If you’d like more information on your EEO rights under the law, please click here.

DJJ reasonably accommodates qualified individuals with disabilities to enable them to receive equal employment opportunity and/or perform the essential functions of the job, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship to the Company. This applies to all applicants and teammates.DJJ also provides a work environment in which each teammate is able to be productive and work to the best of his or her ability. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment. We expect and require the cooperation of all teammates in maintaining an atmosphere free from discrimination and harassment with mutual respect by and for all teammates and applicants.

E-Verify Information | E-Verify Notice

EJN


EJN",4.5,"The David J. Joseph Company
4.5","Cincinnati, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1885,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Metals Brokers,Mining & Metals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
383,"Senior Data Scientist, Zoro",-1,"Company Summary:
Zoro.com is an eCommerce company that sells business supplies, equipment, and tools—but we’re much more than just a website. We’re a team of people who win and lose together (we prefer winning!). Since 2011, Zoro has been working hard to make it easy for our customers to purchase everything they need to make their businesses go. Zoro currently offers 3 million products, fast and free shipping, no-hassle returns, and exceptional customer service. We’ve grown quickly in a short time, recently surpassing 400 team members and reaching annual revenue of over $500 million. Add to that our award-winning culture—we were named a Great Place to Work for 2019-20, among other accolades—and we think Zoro is a pretty amazing place to work and grow.

Primary Function:
Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of Zoro’s customer, product, eCommerce, and pricing plans. The Data Science team covers a broad scope of projects including customer segmentation, A/B testing, marketing investment optimization, predictive modeling, promotion forecasting, and pricing analysis. We are closely integrated with our business leaders and support their ability to make critical decisions. At Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead data science projects from beginning to end: develop and refine the idea, create a project plan and methodology, collaborate with business partners, execute, and provide recommendations for the company
Collaborate with other data scientists to develop and implement algorithms, write code, evaluate relevant academic research, and deliver outputs
Advise the company about tools, data sources, and best practices to facilitate digital marketing, pricing, and web analytics
Build predictive and inference models using Python and R to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, or channel investment optimization
Document code and data science processes that are critical to the company, and develop strategies to ensure those processes are robust and fault-tolerant
Communicate findings to business leaders and colleagues using data visualizations, presentations, and written means

Qualifications:

Experience leading data science projects that have a direct impact on company objectives
Demonstrated ability to assist business decision-making through data mining and machine learning
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions
5+ years’ progressive business experience in areas including marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, or statistical modeling. Experience using data science or advanced analytics in an Internet retailer or a top-tier consumer-focused company is required
Ability to translate complex business problems into project plans and solve them by analyzing large amounts of data
Familiarity with Python or R for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and cloud-hosted data platforms (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, etc)
Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker, and ability to communicate results to business partners
Master’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, or Economics
Knowledge of web tracking technology and web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) a definite plus

Final note: We share a commitment to our Zoro values – Win & Lose Together (We prefer winning!), Take Ownership, We Are Transparent, and Aspire to be Customer-Obsessed. Everything we do at Zoro is centered around delighting our customers. It's a natural extension of our company culture and how we care for each other. We believe when we act in ways that are consistent with these values, we can solve any technical challenge that lies ahead of us. As a Zoro employee, you can expect to work with smart, energetic people, learn something every day, and be valued for your perspective.

Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.",2.0,"Zoro Tools
2.0","Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
384,Finance Data Analyst Internship - Paid,"$65k-$79k
(Employer Est.)","Finance Data Analyst Internship
Paid Internship - Summer 2021
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Uline seeks summer 2021 Finance Data Analyst Interns at its Corporate Headquarters in Pleasant Prairie, WI.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Design, develop, implement and maintain various dashboards and tools.
Utilize SQL and VBA to create tools to increase efficiency in financial processes.
Support the finance department with SQL queries (querying data) and ad hoc analytical tasks.
Gain exposure to multiple business units including Corporate Finance, Accounting, Credit Research / Analysis, Tax, Operations and Corporate Audit.
Enhance technical and financial skills through on-the-job experience and training.

Minimum Requirements
Candidates must be pursuing a Bachelor's degree related to Finance, IT, or Analytics.
SQL or relevant programming experience preferred.
Demonstrate strong problem solving, analytical, leadership and communication skills.
Ability to work on tasks independently.
Microsoft Excel skills required, Access skills a plus.

Benefits of a Uline Internship
Gain professional work experience in an area related to your degree.
Work in a positive, well-balanced environment.
Learn about the industry from all levels of Uline management.
Potential opportunity, upon graduation, for full-time employment with a successful, fast-growing company!
Housing available for those who live more than 50 miles away.

Intern Perks
On-site café with meals and dinner-to-go options prepared by executive chefs.
First-class fitness center with sauna and complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Outings throughout the summer with interns across all departments.
Intern specific Lunch and Learns.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a privately held, family-owned company known for incredible service and quality products. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products found in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Our quality products, huge inventory and ongoing expansion fuel our incredible growth. This is a great time to join Uline!

Apply online today to join us in 2021!

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Northbrook, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
385,Sr Data Analyst - Digital,"$80k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

The Data Analyst - Digital role provides a fantastic opportunity to work with a fast-paced and highly functioning Digital Marketing team. This role is responsible for modeling complex Industry problems, discovering Industry insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. This role is also proficient at integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, architecting specialized database and computing environments, that will integrate with the Adobe Experience Cloud (e.g. Adobe Campaign, Adobe Analytics, Audience Manager etc.) focusing in areas of customer segmentation and analytics. Data Analyst work closely with SMEs, data stewards, project/scrum teams, and other IT teams to turn data into critical information.

They will need to validate their findings using an experimental and iterative approach. Also, the Data Analyst will need to be able to present their findings by exposing their assumptions and validation work in a way that can be easily understood using strong written and communication skills. These professionals will need a combination of business focus, strong analytical and problem-solving skills, and programming knowledge to be able to quickly cycle hypothesis validation.

Responsibilities:

JOB DUTIES

Leads discovery processes with GMF stakeholders to identify the business requirements and the expected outcome
Models and frames business scenarios that are meaningful and which impact on critical business processes and/or decisions
Works with and alongside business SMEs by suggesting other products of interest
Collaborates with Institute subject matter experts to select the relevant sources of information
Identifies what data is available and relevant, including internal and external data sources, leveraging new data collection processes
Makes strategic recommendations on data collection, integration and retention requirements incorporating business requirements and knowledge of best practices
Develops innovative and effective approaches to solve client's analytics problems and communicates results and methodologies
Works in iterative processes with the client and validates findings
Develops experimental design approaches to validate finding or test hypotheses
Validates analysis using scenario modeling
Identifies/creates the appropriate algorithm to discover patterns
Assesses, with the business, opportunities to enhance the qualification and assurance of the information to strengthen the use case
Defines the validity of the information, how long the information is meaningful, and what other information it is related to
Partners with the data SMEs in continuous improvement processes impacting data quality in the context of the specific use case
Recommends ongoing improvements to methods and algorithms that lead to findings, including new information
Educates the organization both from IT and the business perspectives on new approaches, such as testing hypotheses and validation of results
Helps the organization understand the principles and the math behind the process to drive organizational buy-in
Contributes business metrics to show performance contribution over iterations
Contributes to on-going reporting metrics and data usage patterns to provide feedback to Marketing Management
Leads the design and deployment of enhancements and fixes to systems as needed
Interface with customers to provide issue resolution for products and processes
Maintain technical and functional awareness and competence of supported business applications, and organizational and industry technology standards
May participate in an on-call rotation that requires after-hours and weekend support for production outages and issues
Perform other duties as assigned
Conform with all company policies and procedures
Qualifications:

Knowledge

Data Strategies including customer segmentation, market segmentation
Marketing Campaign architecture
Marketing Analytics
Data Modeling/Engineering best practices
Delivery Methodologies including Agile, Waterfall, etc.
Thorough working knowledge of information systems and operations
Functional knowledge of the business area or areas assigned to them
Full technical knowledge of systems analysis techniques
Preferred Marketing/CRM platform(s) knowledge such as Adobe Experience Cloud and Google Marketing Suite

Skill

Analysis and reporting using knowledge in one or more of the following frameworks: SQL Server, SAS, or Power-BI
Excellent analytical, organizational, problem solving and follow-up skills with the ability to meet time sensitive deadlines
Must be a self-starter and able to manage the investigations function with minimal supervision
Proficiency with Microsoft Office products
Ability to interact with staff at all levels
Ability to make sound decisions and exercise good judgment
Promote a cooperative and productive team environment
Strong communication and interpersonal skills

Education

Bachelor’s Degree in mathematics, statistics or computer science or related field

Experience

5-7 years of relevant quantitative and qualitative research, analytics experience and SQL experience preferred
Knowledge in statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytics, multivariate testing, and optimization algorithms

Working Conditions

Normal office environment subject to stressful situations

Work is conducted in a professional office environment subject to stressful situations arising from meeting deadlines and managing multiple priorities

Evening and weekend work as required

Some travel to company and vendor sites may be required, including outside the United States

A passport is recommended

#DICE

#LI-KD2",3.2,"GM Financial
3.2","Irving, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1992,Company - Public,Lending,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
386,Data Scientist,"$94k-$154k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Tinder brings people together. With tens of millions of users and a presence in every country on earth, our reach is expansive and rapidly growing. Tinder’s Analytics Team is looking for a Data Scientist with expertise in Analytics.

Our analytics team takes ownership of the decisions being made from our data – we develop a deep understanding of both the business and its data and establish close working relationships with all teams - including Product, Marketing, Engineering, and Finance – so that we can provide recommendations and make proposals regarding prioritization of initiatives, product launches, A/B tests, and company performance.

As a data scientist in this role, you will be a partner to the Analytics team, providing support for A/B test design and analysis as well as data-driven insights through ad-hoc analyses, presentations, and automated reports and dashboards. This role will require extensive experience with SQL, data wrangling, statistics, and A/B testing as well as the ability to work in cross-functional teams to drive actionable insights. Experience with user growth and acquisition across consumer products is a plus.

Responsibilities:

Master and own the analytical understanding of customer behavior and business performance
Build models to better understand the value and churn behavior of our users
Find the “story” in the data and communicate insights and opportunities with executive and other internal teams
Perform ongoing ad-hoc analyses to evaluate the efficiency of our marketing spend, building reporting infrastructure, and assisting in making budgeting recommendations to optimize growth
Integrate captured event data with other sources of customer data, such as surveys, ad publishers and app store data
Support reporting and business intelligence needs of the entire Marketing team

Skills Required:

3+ years of relevant experience
Ability to think objectively and interpret meaningful themes from quantitative and qualitative data
Ability to build constructive and effective relationships with a broad and diverse group of business partners
Ability to execute on complex analytics projects where you have to determine salient questions in a complex ecosystem and present action-oriented conclusions
Proficiency with SQL required
Scripting skills, preferably in Python. Strong Python/NumPy/PANDAS skills a plus
Knowledge of statistics, specifically experimental design and analysis
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint
Familiarity with common KPIs, metrics, and growth experiments
As part of our team, you’ll enjoy:

· The hustle of a startup with the impact of a global business
· Tremendous opportunity to seek some of the industry’s most exciting problems
· Working with an outstanding team of creative, fun and highly motivated people
· Comprehensive health coverage, competitive salary, and 401(k) match

At Tinder, we don’t just accept difference — we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our community. Tinder is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",4.0,"Tinder
4.0","Los Angeles, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
387,IT Business Intelligence Analyst,"$46k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview


Founded in 1984, Florida Cancer Specialists & Research Institute is the largest independent medical oncology/hematology practice in the United States. With over 200 physicians, based in 100+ locations across Florida, we are committed to providing world-class cancer care in community-based settings close to home.

Our 3000+ team members enjoy:
Work/Life balance – many locations have no weekend and/or night shift hours
Competitive compensation

Comprehensive benefits package including:
Medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance
Paid time off
Holiday pay
Tuition reimbursement
CEU hours
401(k) with company match
Our Corporate Information Technology department is searching for a Business Intelligence Analyst to join our team!

Responsibilities


Monday - Friday Work Week, Days (Example: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM) Flexible to meet business needs

Founded in 1984, Florida Cancer Specialists & Research Institute is the largest independent medical oncology/hematology practice in the United States. With over 200 physicians, based in 100+ locations across Florida, we are committed to providing world-class cancer care in community-based settings close to home.

Our 3000+ team members enjoy:

Work/Life balance – many locations have no weekend and/or night shift hours

Competitive compensation

Comprehensive benefits package including:

Medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance

Paid time off

Holiday pay

Tuition reimbursement

CEU hours

401(k) with company match

POSITION SUMMARY

The Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for developing, implementing and supporting reporting, analytics and business intelligence solutions to meet the information needs of the organization and Company Business. The Business Intelligence Analyst supports one or more business units in preparing weekly and monthly analysis and reporting to drive the business while ensuring accuracy and consistency. Must be able to work with multiple teams and business units simultaneously and thrive in fast-paced, dynamic environment. Must demonstrate the eagerness and ability to learn and must work well in a team environment.

Qualifications


This position requires US Work Authorization status of Greencard/Permanent Resident or US Citizen

Bachelor's in Science Degree preferred.

Four (4) yeas of related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of higher education and experience

ITIL V.3 Certified preferred

Four (4) years of SQL report writing, business intelligence experience, or statistical analysis.

Experience in a report production environment with Excel and Access is essential.

Advanced understanding of relational database architecture and business intelligence.

Experience with Adhoc and custom reporting requests.

Independently and effectively organize and manage multiple assignments with challenging deadlines.

Ability to validate, standardize and cleanse data when needed.

Troubleshoot problems and suggest alternatives, looking beyond the obvious to find answers.

Have an advanced working knowledge of reporting and analytics tools including SQL Visual studio, Reporting Services and Integration Services.

Ability to communicate effectively and partner with senior level staff to determine business goals and objectives, and ways to partner in order to achieve those objectives.

Must have and maintain a valid Driver’s license in the state of residency and vehicle to attend meetings and travel to satellite offices.",3.2,"Florida Cancer Specialists
3.2","Fort Myers, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1984,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
388,Data Engineer-Journeyman,"$75k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The NAVAIR Digital Group leads the digital transformation of NAVAIR and works to accelerate and scale digital/analytic technologies and capabilities across the NAVAIR Enterprise as a means to increase speed in the delivery and sustainment of warfighting capability. The Digital Group delivers and executes command-wide strategies that align activities and provides the workforce with agile self-service infrastructure, data accessibility, visualization and analytic tools, and digital/IT services to rapidly research, create, deploy, integrate, and maintain, applications, enterprise solutions, and other digital capabilities. NAVAIR’s digital transformation will require leveraging advanced digital tools to implement fundamentally different business models across all business, technology development, workforce, and mission operation domains. NAVAIR is committed to a digital culture that empowers the workforce to accelerate, innovate, collaborate, develop, and deliver capabilities to meet mission outcomes.

Selected candidate will:
Discovers opportunities for data acquisition and sensor integration; performs systems engineering for databases and data processing systems; develops data systems, architectures and models; leverages high-performance computing infrastructures into systems architecture; recommends best architectures, tools, and technologies to address organizational needs.
Interact with the government customer, military personal and other contractors as required
Qualifications:
Bachelors degree is required is related field and (3) three to (10) years of experience
Candidate is required to pass a background Investigation
Security+ certification is required.
Security Clearance Requirements: * An active DoD secret clearance is required or higher
Overview: Sabre Systems, Inc. is a quality driven, customer focused large business providing innovative solutions in the areas of Cyber, C4ISR, Business Intelligence and Data Analytics, and Enterprise Modernization to federal and civilian customers. Our mission is to ensure our customers have the technology, services, and expertise to overcome threats, maintain superiority, and quickly adapt to emerging obstacles. At Sabre, we're more than just a job - we're a team - and we care for and nurture our employees like family. If you want to be a part of creating and implementing enduring solutions that transform mission challenges into mission success – join Sabre!

Sabre provides an excellent benefits package, which includes healthcare, paid days off, tuition reimbursement, and a 401K plan.

We respect the unique perspectives that a diverse workforce of minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans brings not only to our company, but also to our customers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.

EOE: Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

#LI-PH1

Job Type: Full-time",4.8,"Sabre Systems
4.8","Patuxent River, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
389,Sr. Scientist,"$52k-$119k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description:

JOB SUMMARY

Contribute to the overall success of GRAM’s analytical operations on behalf of our customers through contributing to an efficient Analytical Chemistry group in order to develop and transfer drugs into the GRAM facility. This role is responsible to create and oversee various studies including troubleshooting and problem solving for customer products. The individual will develop, transfer and validate analytical methods to support clinical and commercial manufacturing of sterile drug products.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Provide expertise in chromatography and spectrometry.
Solve complex analytical problems as well as recommend/implement continuous laboratory improvements.
Provide expertise in ICH Stability and test method development and validation.
Provide expertise in USP analytical method requirements.
Participate in discussions and recommend capital equipment investments for the department.
Deliver on departmental strategy through innovation, use of automation, and efficiency.
Work effectively in a team to achieve goals.
Communicate effectively in written and oral form. Write detailed scientific reports with full experimental details and give proper presentations.
Maintain clear, detailed, and up-to-date laboratory notebooks according to internal policies.
Follow safe laboratory practices and comply with EHS, safety officers, and delegates to ensure that the laboratory is a safe environment. Recognizes potential safety issues, discusses them with EHS and management, and takes action to rectify them.
Assume responsibility for laboratory equipment, ensure equipment is properly maintained and serviced.
Work closely with Manufacturing, Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Project Management, and Business Development.
Open to a flexible and fluid work environment.
Support Agency, customer and vendor audits as needed.
Responsible for exhibiting professional behavior with both internal/external business associates that reflects positively on the company and is consistent with the company's policies and practices.
Perform all other tasks, projects, and duties as assigned.
. Requirements:

DESIRED SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Advanced analytical chemistry skills (understanding, use, interpretation, and troubleshooting of HPLC, GC, FTIR, and UV).
Extensive knowledge and hands-on experience of drug formulation, and analytical validation for parenteral dosages.
Strong science and reasoning skills. The ability to plan, execute, critically interpret, and track the results from a logical progression of experiments in order to efficiently obtain definitive results.
Demonstrated ability to design and execute experiments using different laboratory instruments independently and author summary reports.
Understanding of pharmaceutical manufacturing and analytical labs in regulated environments under FDA, ICH, and EMA guidelines.
Ability to work with a diverse customer base.
Strong attention to detail; Ability to complete tasks with accuracy and efficiency.
Portrays appropriate levels of integrity and professionalism.
Capable of being the project lead for the Analytical Technical Services team
Excellent written and verbal skills; Ability to communicate effectively with clients, management and staff by exhibiting excellent interpersonal skills.
Energetic, self-motivated, organized individual who is accustomed to working in a deadline-focused, high-pressure entrepreneurial environment.
Results oriented and efficient; Acts with a sense of urgency.
Creative and open-minded individual who fosters an environment in which sharing of ideas is encouraged.
A Leader who is capable of training and overseeing other team members as necessary.
Demonstrates confidence in decision making ability and makes decisions while assessing risks.
Takes accountability and ownership.
Ability to work well independently and in a cross-functional team environment. Efficient team management skills.
Must have proficient computer skills in Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook, Chromatographic Data Systems, and Document Management Systems.
Must be able to communicate in a professional manner with clients and regulatory agencies.

Qualified candidates possess a Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry or closely related field with 5-10 years’ experience, or M.S. in Analytical Chemistry or closely related field with 7-12 years’ experience, knowledge of GLP and cGMP, and direct work experience in a laboratory environment. Equipment qualification/validation experience not required, but preferred",3.5,"Grand River Aseptic Manufacturing
3.5","Grand Rapids, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
390,Senior Data Scientist,-1,"Senior Data Scientist
Location/City: Any US location (offices in Atlanta, GA and Playa Vista, CA)

Responsibilities
We are looking for a sharp, highly-motivated Senior Data Scientist to join our team. This is a high-impact role that will leverage data & analytics to derive insights from our Members’ data and make recommendations to help improve their financial wellbeing. You will collaborate with product, and engineering as well as executive stakeholders to create analytical solutions to help achieve business goals. An ideal candidate is an individual who has a deep background in statistics, analysis, experiment design, and can bring those skills to bear in a start-up environment. A strong understanding and hands-on ability with data science technology and infrastructure is important as well.
As the Senior Data Scientist, you will:
Work with large volumes of bank transactions to create proprietary intelligence about the nature of employment and earnings for our Members
Help build out our job recommendation engine to aid our Members in finding new or additional work to increase their income
Help drive a data-first culture where data is understood and leveraged in decision making
Collaborate with the data science team and CDO to define the technical strategy for Steady’s data science ecosystem
Develop and codify processes and best practices for modeling, testing, and analytics
Effectively balance short term delivery with long term direction and value
Advocate for data science innovation and increased contribution to Steady’s mission

Skills & Requirements
Advanced degree and relevant experience (MS + 5 years, PhD + 3 years) in statistics, mathematics, computer science, or similar field
Demonstrated experience creating production ML pipelines (training, scoring, leveraging in real-time systems)
Expert knowledge of modern machine learning algorithms (regression, classification, random forests, clustering, optimization, etc.) and statistical inference
Experience with bank or credit card transaction data preferred
Experience with NLP and textual data analysis is a plus
Demonstrated experience of efficient manipulation and storage of large datasets
Hands on experience and expertise with SQL, Spark, Python (preferred) or R
Experience with machine learning platforms Sagemaker/Databricks a plus
Strong data visualization skills (experience with Tableau preferred)
Familiarity and experience with the AWS data ecosystem (S3, AWS Glue, EMR, etc.)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of the organization
Comfortable working with distributed teams across multiple offices and timezones
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, high-energy environment


Benefits
We value our Steady Team Members and are committed to their success. We are located in downtown Atlanta near MARTA, as well as in Playa Vista CA. We offer competitive compensation packages and a 100% company-paid benefits package including medical, dental, and vision. Steady is a relaxed, casual work environment with flexible hours and lunch provided once weekly in addition to a weekly meal stipend. We also offer a generous PTO plan, 401K, and future growth opportunities within the company. We strive to maintain a positive and fun environment for our employees where people can learn and grow with the company.
About Steady
Steady is a mission-driven business that helps people earn more. Through the free Steady app users can build & track income, networks, and buying power – allowing them to augment retirement savings, work around childcare responsibilities, pay down debt, save for purchases, and supplement their income from primary employers, while limiting their income volatility and better positioning themselves for access to a sustainable financial services ecosystem.
Every Steady member will build something different. We celebrate those who take the initiative to create a path that works for them. Whatever that looks like, Steady is there to support it, providing a stable foundation that allows people to build financial success over a lifetime.

Mission: Steady turns the tables by putting workers back in charge of their financial future with an income-building platform that creates financial stability and helps its users to take charge of their future.

For more information, visit us at www.steadyapp.com or on Twitter @TheSteadyApp.

Steady, Platform Inc. (Steady) is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer – All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual’s age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Steady accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Steady employees, Steady hiring manager, or send to any Steady facility. Steady is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.",4.0,"Steady
4.0","Los Angeles, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
391,"Team Leader Pharmaceutical Chemistry Research Scientist, PhD",-1,"Avisyn is a pharmaceutical research group with labs in the US and Canada. Focusing on medicinal chemistry design, computational chemistry and excellence in synthesis, we specialize early phase discovery programs in psychiatry, neurodegeneration, and oncology. Although we are an independent group, we do collaborate with major pharma on some in-sourced and out-sourced projects. For the present opening, we seek a team-leader level scientist who will oversee a team of synthetic chemists while also contributing directly to the team’s synthesis efforts. This position is within the labs of one of our major pharma collaborators, they are a top-5 global pharma company with research headquarters in Groton and San Diego.

Please note that we are NOT a recruiting nor a temp agency.

Required qualifications

· PhD with >3 industrial experience in synthetic chemistry with previous supervisory experience managing 3 or more synthetic chemists within major pharma or biotech environment.

· Experience in traditional and contemporary organic synthesis techniques.

· Familiarity with a wide range of techniques and reaction types such as low temperature reactions, inert atmosphere, metal-catalyzed cross coupling, hydrogenation, etc.

· Capable of independently evaluating synthetic routes and proactive troubleshooting.

· Experience in reaction monitoring (TLC, LCMS, GCMS, etc.).

· Ability to work safely with potentially hazardous chemicals. Ability to lead teams of synthetic chemists that maintain high awareness and compliance with safety protocols.

· Be highly skilled in practical and theoretical aspects of synthetic organic chemistry. Have strong understanding of reaction mechanisms and reactivity.

· Have strong expertise in multi-step synthetic chemistry over a broad range of reaction types, conditions and scale. Have strong experience in the synthesis, purification, and characterization of chiral compounds. Be highly skilled in chromatography, crystallization, and other purification techniques. Be highly skilled in the characterization of organic compounds, especially NMR and mass spectrometry.

· Be an avid reader of chemical literature with up-to-date knowledge of contemporary and emerging developments in synthesis.

· Have excellent oral communication skills with a strong ability to communicate scientific results at team discussions. Have excellent written communication skills through clear, concise reporting and by maintaining high quality, accurate electronic scientific notebook records.

· Employees must successfully pass a background check and drug test as a condition of employment.

Responsibilities

· Effectively manage laboratory work of a team of colleagues by fostering a culture of scientific rigor, high productivity, safety, and open communications. Provide guidance and feedback on reaction set-up, safety protocols, analytical interpretation, and troubleshooting/problem solving while balancing his/her own laboratory deliverables.

· Work effectively with Project Leaders to assure high productivity and high-quality delivery of synthetic targets and project goals.

· Build and sustain high performing teams by assuring that the team communicates well, helping to make sure that there are no misunderstandings or unexpressed difficulties between team members. Give and receive effective feedback.

· Consistently demonstrate effective multi-step synthetic planning, reaction optimization, and delivery through deep synthetic and mechanistic knowledge, awareness of classical, contemporary, and emerging synthetic methods, expertise using literature and scientific databases (SciFinder and Reaxys) and through highly effective reaction troubleshooting.

Our team members innovate beyond known chemistry while focusing on delivery. We have a passion for staying at the forefront of chemistry. To drive innovation, we recognize the importance of intelligent risk-taking and open-mindedness. We encourage creativity and recognize everyone’s contribution. We accomplish the most by working as a team.

We regret that we cannot respond to candidates that do not meet the stated requirements.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Application Question:
How many year's experience do you have in heterocycle chemistry synthesis in your post-PhD work?",-1,Avisyn Pharma,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
392,"Team Leader Pharmaceutical Chemistry Research Scientist, PhD",-1,"Avisyn is a pharmaceutical research group with labs in the US and Canada. Focusing on medicinal chemistry design, computational chemistry and excellence in synthesis, we specialize early phase discovery programs in psychiatry, neurodegeneration, and oncology. Although we are an independent group, we do collaborate with major pharma on some in-sourced and out-sourced projects. For the present opening, we seek a team-leader level scientist who will oversee a team of synthetic chemists while also contributing directly to the team’s synthesis efforts. This position is within the labs of one of our major pharma collaborators, they are a top-5 global pharma company with research headquarters in Groton and San Diego.

Please note that we are NOT a recruiting nor a temp agency.

Required qualifications

· PhD with >3 industrial experience in synthetic chemistry with previous supervisory experience managing 3 or more synthetic chemists within major pharma or biotech environment.

· Experience in traditional and contemporary organic synthesis techniques.

· Familiarity with a wide range of techniques and reaction types such as low temperature reactions, inert atmosphere, metal-catalyzed cross coupling, hydrogenation, etc.

· Capable of independently evaluating synthetic routes and proactive troubleshooting.

· Experience in reaction monitoring (TLC, LCMS, GCMS, etc.).

· Ability to work safely with potentially hazardous chemicals. Ability to lead teams of synthetic chemists that maintain high awareness and compliance with safety protocols.

· Be highly skilled in practical and theoretical aspects of synthetic organic chemistry. Have strong understanding of reaction mechanisms and reactivity.

· Have strong expertise in multi-step synthetic chemistry over a broad range of reaction types, conditions and scale. Have strong experience in the synthesis, purification, and characterization of chiral compounds. Be highly skilled in chromatography, crystallization, and other purification techniques. Be highly skilled in the characterization of organic compounds, especially NMR and mass spectrometry.

· Be an avid reader of chemical literature with up-to-date knowledge of contemporary and emerging developments in synthesis.

· Have excellent oral communication skills with a strong ability to communicate scientific results at team discussions. Have excellent written communication skills through clear, concise reporting and by maintaining high quality, accurate electronic scientific notebook records.

· Employees must successfully pass a background check and drug test as a condition of employment.

Responsibilities

· Effectively manage laboratory work of a team of colleagues by fostering a culture of scientific rigor, high productivity, safety, and open communications. Provide guidance and feedback on reaction set-up, safety protocols, analytical interpretation, and troubleshooting/problem solving while balancing his/her own laboratory deliverables.

· Work effectively with Project Leaders to assure high productivity and high-quality delivery of synthetic targets and project goals.

· Build and sustain high performing teams by assuring that the team communicates well, helping to make sure that there are no misunderstandings or unexpressed difficulties between team members. Give and receive effective feedback.

· Consistently demonstrate effective multi-step synthetic planning, reaction optimization, and delivery through deep synthetic and mechanistic knowledge, awareness of classical, contemporary, and emerging synthetic methods, expertise using literature and scientific databases (SciFinder and Reaxys) and through highly effective reaction troubleshooting.

Our team members innovate beyond known chemistry while focusing on delivery. We have a passion for staying at the forefront of chemistry. To drive innovation, we recognize the importance of intelligent risk-taking and open-mindedness. We encourage creativity and recognize everyone’s contribution. We accomplish the most by working as a team.

We regret that we cannot respond to candidates that do not meet the stated requirements.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Application Question:
How many year's experience do you have in heterocycle chemistry synthesis in your post-PhD work?",-1,Avisyn Pharma,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
393,"Team Leader Pharmaceutical Chemistry Research Scientist, PhD",-1,"Avisyn is a pharmaceutical research group with labs in the US and Canada. Focusing on medicinal chemistry design, computational chemistry and excellence in synthesis, we specialize early phase discovery programs in psychiatry, neurodegeneration, and oncology. Although we are an independent group, we do collaborate with major pharma on some in-sourced and out-sourced projects. For the present opening, we seek a team-leader level scientist who will oversee a team of synthetic chemists while also contributing directly to the team’s synthesis efforts. This position is within the labs of one of our major pharma collaborators, they are a top-5 global pharma company with research headquarters in Groton and San Diego.

Please note that we are NOT a recruiting nor a temp agency.

Required qualifications

· PhD with >3 industrial experience in synthetic chemistry with previous supervisory experience managing 3 or more synthetic chemists within major pharma or biotech environment.

· Experience in traditional and contemporary organic synthesis techniques.

· Familiarity with a wide range of techniques and reaction types such as low temperature reactions, inert atmosphere, metal-catalyzed cross coupling, hydrogenation, etc.

· Capable of independently evaluating synthetic routes and proactive troubleshooting.

· Experience in reaction monitoring (TLC, LCMS, GCMS, etc.).

· Ability to work safely with potentially hazardous chemicals. Ability to lead teams of synthetic chemists that maintain high awareness and compliance with safety protocols.

· Be highly skilled in practical and theoretical aspects of synthetic organic chemistry. Have strong understanding of reaction mechanisms and reactivity.

· Have strong expertise in multi-step synthetic chemistry over a broad range of reaction types, conditions and scale. Have strong experience in the synthesis, purification, and characterization of chiral compounds. Be highly skilled in chromatography, crystallization, and other purification techniques. Be highly skilled in the characterization of organic compounds, especially NMR and mass spectrometry.

· Be an avid reader of chemical literature with up-to-date knowledge of contemporary and emerging developments in synthesis.

· Have excellent oral communication skills with a strong ability to communicate scientific results at team discussions. Have excellent written communication skills through clear, concise reporting and by maintaining high quality, accurate electronic scientific notebook records.

· Employees must successfully pass a background check and drug test as a condition of employment.

Responsibilities

· Effectively manage laboratory work of a team of colleagues by fostering a culture of scientific rigor, high productivity, safety, and open communications. Provide guidance and feedback on reaction set-up, safety protocols, analytical interpretation, and troubleshooting/problem solving while balancing his/her own laboratory deliverables.

· Work effectively with Project Leaders to assure high productivity and high-quality delivery of synthetic targets and project goals.

· Build and sustain high performing teams by assuring that the team communicates well, helping to make sure that there are no misunderstandings or unexpressed difficulties between team members. Give and receive effective feedback.

· Consistently demonstrate effective multi-step synthetic planning, reaction optimization, and delivery through deep synthetic and mechanistic knowledge, awareness of classical, contemporary, and emerging synthetic methods, expertise using literature and scientific databases (SciFinder and Reaxys) and through highly effective reaction troubleshooting.

Our team members innovate beyond known chemistry while focusing on delivery. We have a passion for staying at the forefront of chemistry. To drive innovation, we recognize the importance of intelligent risk-taking and open-mindedness. We encourage creativity and recognize everyone’s contribution. We accomplish the most by working as a team.

We regret that we cannot respond to candidates that do not meet the stated requirements.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Application Question:
How many year's experience do you have in heterocycle chemistry synthesis in your post-PhD work?",-1,Avisyn Pharma,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
394,SENIOR/PRINCIPAL FORMULATION SCIENTIST,"$88k-$158k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary

We currently have an opportunity for a Senior or Principal Scientist to complete developmental studies and ensure that products can be manufactured to generate acceptable stability data for FDA drug application.

This position is located in our in our Innovation and Development Center in Skokie, IL

Responsibilities

All stages of product development including on-site monitoring of stability lot manufacturing.
Plans, develops, and implements scientifically well-designed experimental designs to meet project objectives as well as meeting corporate and GMP requirements.
Identifies the multidimensional aspects of complex problems and applies novel and creative solutions to problems; handles complex projects with only general guidance.
Participates in the orientation and training of new lab employees in the proper execution of research and development experiments and supervising one to two lab staffs at Principal level.
Product and process improvement as well as for ideas for new products, line-extension, product stability improvement and novel drug delivery systems.
Scales up the manufacturing process and transfers the technology accurately to the production plant.
Sets product specifications based on stability results and according to FDA and ICH guidelines.
Writes Chemistry, Manufacturing and Control (CMC) section for Regulatory submission.
Establishes work priorities for assignments within his/her authority and keeps assignment completion on schedule and is further accountable for the use of his/ her time for creative, self-initiated research.

Requirements:

Bachelors or Masters Degree in Pharmaceutical Sciences, Chemistry, Biological Sciences with 5+ years of related experience or a PhD in Pharmaceutical Sciences, Chemistry, Biological Sciences, Polymer Sciences, Chemical/Biomedical Engineering with 0-3 years of related experience. (Sr. Scientist level)
Ph.D. plus 3+ years of related experience, or MS degree with 7+ years related experience, or BS degree with 10+years related experience. (Principal level)
Skills in designing and executing experiments, analyzing experimental results, and solving problems.
Knowledge of statistic and analysis/interpretation, and pharmaceutical dosage forms.
Concepts in developing novel drug delivery systems.
Willing to perform drug product development for potent compounds, cytotoxic substances and/or controlled substances while following and observing all safety procedures in place, which include the use of engineering controls, administrative controls, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), training, and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE).
Ability to travel domestically and internationally to production plant to support batch manufacturing, etc.

IND-1

Additional Information

We offer an excellent salary and benefits package including medical, dental and vision coverage, as well as life insurance, disability, 401K with company match, and wellness program.

Fresenius Kabi is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disabilities, or protected veteran status.",3.5,"Fresenius Kabi
3.5","Skokie, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
395,"Product Data Analyst, International","$48k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Car shopping is complicated. At CarGurus, we use data and technology to make it simple, giving people the tools they need to confidently find, buy, finance, or sell a car. The best part? Our work makes a real impact. We're the most-visited car-shopping site in the US and we are growing fast in our international markets. Ready to come along for the ride?

About the Role

At CarGurus we use data, not hunches, to inform decisions. Product Analysts play a key role in crafting the data narrative for these decisions. We love to collaborate, we're excited by a challenge, and we believe that ownership enables us to grow.
This Product Analyst role will support the growing International team where you will have opportunities for outsized positive impact through a high level of autonomy as we further develop our Canadian and UK markets. We are looking for thoughtful, daringly curious candidates who can dive into complex data and draw insightful conclusions. You'll work cross-functionally with many departments and stakeholders, and gain exposure to multiple dimensions of the business.

Our team values diversity in experience and backgrounds—we do our best work when we create space for different voices and perspectives. Whatever unique experiences or skill sets you bring, we look forward to learning from each other.

What You'll Do:
Conduct exploratory data analysis across disparate data sources (spanning website usage, dealer behavior, customer activity and more) to understand the performance of existing UK and Canadian products, target opportunities for new product offerings, and map user journeys throughout the website.
Analyze Canadian and UK user behavior via A/B testing, to identify winning product changes unique to each market.
Partner with the product, engineering, marketing, sales, and finance departments to grow our business, including recommending and advocating for performance improvement ideas unique to the international setting.
Define metrics to evaluate business performance, products and experiments; build reports and dashboards to monitor and understand them
Communicate and present data analysis, visualizations, and insights to key stakeholders
Be a voice and advocate for using data to improve the quality of our decision-making
Who You Are:
1-3 years of experience in data analysis (experience in consumer internet, digital marketing or SaaS product data a plus)
Fluency in SQL
Understanding of statistical concepts
Demonstrated ability in learning new reporting or BI tools
Ability to work independently and in a cross-functional setting
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
CarGurus Culture:

At CarGurus, we invest in our people's professional growth with everything from learning and development programs to tuition reimbursement. Want to work on projects that expand your skill set without sacrificing your work/life balance? You got it. We also strive to provide perks and benefits that employees actually care about like free lunch, commuter subsidies, and more. That includes equity in the company—our way of showing that we want you here for the long haul.

We work hard every day to build the world's most trusted and transparent automotive marketplace, but trust and transparency don't just apply to our consumers. They extend to our talent, too. We aim to create a workplace where everyone feels they can bring the ultimate expression of themselves and their potential—where you don't just fit, you thrive. We don't discriminate based on race, colour, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

In addition to the US, CarGurus operates sites in Canada and the UK. We have offices in Cambridge, MA; Detroit, MI; Dublin, Ireland; San Francisco, CA and London, UK. Check out our careers page to learn more.",3.9,"CarGurus
3.9","Cambridge, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
396,Research and Development Scientist,-1,"Research and Development Scientist*
_Pathodiagnostics (PathoDx) is a passionate team of medical doctors and scientists who have created an affordable open-based PCR platform to identify pathogens. Our current mission is to see PCR used to rapidly identify pathogens so researchers and clinicians can combat antibiotic resistance by sharing our vision of antibiotic stewardship. Our vision of antibiotic stewardship starts with rapid, accurate, pathogen identification._
Job Summary: *
The Research and Development Scientist will be tasked with the development and implementation of our laboratory assays. The preferred candidate will have significant experience developing real-time PCR and/or sequencing experiments. This person will report directly to the Senior Scientist.
Note: All applicants are required to complete the Culture Index survey, along with submitting a resume, prior to being considered for this position. Please copy and paste the below link into your browser's address bar to view the survey and complete the application process.*
https://www.cindexinc.com/c/4C3CCD

Job Responsibilities* :
Act as the technical project leader for multiple projects
Provide updates, reviews and evaluates data
Write reports and protocols
Oversee and actively participates in the design and execution of all aspects of assay development and validation for molecular real-time PCR projects
Conduct and provide technical guidance on scientific method development and validation projects
Perform troubleshooting for instruments, methods, and procedures
Contribute to the development and improvement of laboratory processes and procedures
May be required to maintain and calibrate instruments and/or equipment
Participate in routine laboratory tasks
Provide support to other laboratory staff
Other duties as assigned
Job Requirements: *
Extensive assay development knowledge and experience with multiplex qualitative and or quantitative RT-PCR molecular tests
Cloning and protein expression experience preferred
Strong experience in literature review and bioinformatics
Experience with sequencing platforms and techniques (NGS, pyrosequencing, Sanger, MALDI-TOF) preferred
Experience with automated liquid handling platforms preferred
Knowledge of clinical laboratory regulations (CLIA, COLA, CAP)
Knowledge and experience with the FDA process preferred
Must possess proficient problem-solving abilities, time management, and project management skills.
Education and Experience: *
PhD and previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable 4-6+ years)
Master’s degree and previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable 6-8+ years) *Benefits: * We offer our employees a competitive salary plus a comprehensive benefits package including:
Medical, Dental, and Vision Healthcare Plans
Retirement Plan
Generous Paid-Time Off
Note: All applicants are required to complete the Culture Index survey, along with submitting a resume, prior to being considered for this position. Please copy and paste the below link into your browser's address bar to view the survey and complete the application process.*
https://www.cindexinc.com/c/4C3CCD

_All prospective employees and rehires are required to submit to a drug test once a conditional offer of employment has been extended and accepted. The screening will be conducted in compliance with our Drug-Free Workplace Policy. This job description forms the basic requirements of your employment. This is not an exhaustive list and there may be occasions when you are required to perform duties outside the scope of your job description._

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Real-Time PCR: 4 years (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off",-1,Pathodiagnostics,"Birmingham, AL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
397,Clinical Laboratory Scientist,"$29-$50 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Clinical Laboratory Scientist (CLS I/II)*
As a Clinical Laboratory Scientist I/II at Invivoscribe you are responsible for receiving samples, performing data entry for specimens received, and clinical laboratory patient testing. More specifically:

· Ensures orders are entered correctly and specimens collected are appropriate for the test ordered.

· Examines preventative maintenance logs of instruments/equipment.

· Verifies reagents and supplies are met and responsible for inventory maintenance.

· Performs tests by prioritizing testing based on assignment or established priorities.

· Performs post-analytic workflow to ensure accurate results are reported.

· Performs required Quality System responsibilities including initiating Quality Occurrence Reports.
Skills and Experience Required: *
· Bachelor of Science in Clinical Laboratory Science or equivalent.

· 2+ years of Clinical Laboratory Scientist experience.

· Licensed in California as a Clinical Laboratory Scientist.

· Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint).

· Adheres to and follows Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) as well as written and verbal instructions.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
License:
Clinical Laboratory Scientist License (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.invivoscribe.com",3.2,"Invivoscribe, Inc.
3.2","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
398,Clinical Laboratory Scientist PM Shift,-1,"Testing is the most significant bottleneck in the response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Broad testing is the fastest way to safely return to work, to school, and to normal life. SummerBio is a mission-driven company made up of life science automation engineers, molecular biologists, laboratory scientists, public health professionals, supply chain experts, software engineers and designers that was founded to scale up rapid, low-cost, mass-scale testing.

We have created an end-to-end COVID-19 test system designed from the ground up to massively automate the existing gold-standard RT-qPCR regimen based on commercially-available and scalable consumables.

Join SummerBio and help us solve COVID-19 testing for all.

This position is responsible for performing high complexity laboratory testing on patient specimens, performing quality control and quality assurance procedures, reporting patient results. This position will comply with all applicable local, state and federal laboratory requirements and operate under the direction of the Laboratory Director and Laboratory Supervisor(s). This role requires meticulous and organized records, excellent attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task and be flexible with tasks and schedules.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Accurately perform molecular testing, using a variety of molecular biological techniques
Conduct daily quantitation and qualification assessment of molecular data generated during testing.
Carry out QC/QA activities as part of the Quality program and commitment to patient safety
Operates automated liquid handling instrumentation to execute complex high-throughput procedures and troubleshoot as necessary.
Participate in a variety of other essential laboratory activities, including reagent qualification, inventory management, procedure writing, inspection preparation, assay validation and investigation.
Perform and document routine preventive maintenance and independently identify and troubleshoot highly complex problems that adversely affect test performance.
Diligently maintains a molecular biology laboratory environment to minimize and contain amplicon contamination.
Identify root cause and document all corrective actions taken when test systems.
Provides research and resolution on complex issues, including all necessary documentation.
Solves routine problems independently.
Familiar with unusual technical problems and results, and resolves any issues related to these problems or results.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or test results and notify Laboratory Director or Laboratory Manager immediately.
Executes & documents lab corrective action whenever test systems are not acceptable or when test systems deviate from established performance specifications.
Assist with training of new laboratory personnel.
Participate in introduction of assay improvements, new assay configurations and validation
At times, this position may fill the role of the general supervisor if the general supervisor is off-site.
Qualification Requirements*
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Must have a solid understanding of general laboratory techniques.
Experience with a wide range of laboratory equipment.
Ability to work independently as well as in a team-oriented environment.
Demonstrate excellent problem-solving skills. Ability to critical analyze complex data.
Ability to learn new principles quickly, possess strong analytical skills, must possess strong interpersonal skills.
Knowledge of good laboratory and documentation practices.
Education and Experience Requirements: *
California Clinical Laboratory Scientist license.
Bachelor of Arts or Science in Biomedical Laboratory Science, Clinical Science or related field.
2+ years’ experience as a CLS in a clinical laboratory.
Working knowledge of local, state, and federal laboratory regulations.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Night shift
Company's website:
https://www.summer.bio/
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SummerBio,"Menlo Park, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
399,Clinical Laboratory Scientist PM Shift,-1,"Testing is the most significant bottleneck in the response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Broad testing is the fastest way to safely return to work, to school, and to normal life. SummerBio is a mission-driven company made up of life science automation engineers, molecular biologists, laboratory scientists, public health professionals, supply chain experts, software engineers and designers that was founded to scale up rapid, low-cost, mass-scale testing.

We have created an end-to-end COVID-19 test system designed from the ground up to massively automate the existing gold-standard RT-qPCR regimen based on commercially-available and scalable consumables.

Join SummerBio and help us solve COVID-19 testing for all.

This position is responsible for performing high complexity laboratory testing on patient specimens, performing quality control and quality assurance procedures, reporting patient results. This position will comply with all applicable local, state and federal laboratory requirements and operate under the direction of the Laboratory Director and Laboratory Supervisor(s). This role requires meticulous and organized records, excellent attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task and be flexible with tasks and schedules.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Accurately perform molecular testing, using a variety of molecular biological techniques
Conduct daily quantitation and qualification assessment of molecular data generated during testing.
Carry out QC/QA activities as part of the Quality program and commitment to patient safety
Operates automated liquid handling instrumentation to execute complex high-throughput procedures and troubleshoot as necessary.
Participate in a variety of other essential laboratory activities, including reagent qualification, inventory management, procedure writing, inspection preparation, assay validation and investigation.
Perform and document routine preventive maintenance and independently identify and troubleshoot highly complex problems that adversely affect test performance.
Diligently maintains a molecular biology laboratory environment to minimize and contain amplicon contamination.
Identify root cause and document all corrective actions taken when test systems.
Provides research and resolution on complex issues, including all necessary documentation.
Solves routine problems independently.
Familiar with unusual technical problems and results, and resolves any issues related to these problems or results.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or test results and notify Laboratory Director or Laboratory Manager immediately.
Executes & documents lab corrective action whenever test systems are not acceptable or when test systems deviate from established performance specifications.
Assist with training of new laboratory personnel.
Participate in introduction of assay improvements, new assay configurations and validation
At times, this position may fill the role of the general supervisor if the general supervisor is off-site.
Qualification Requirements*
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Must have a solid understanding of general laboratory techniques.
Experience with a wide range of laboratory equipment.
Ability to work independently as well as in a team-oriented environment.
Demonstrate excellent problem-solving skills. Ability to critical analyze complex data.
Ability to learn new principles quickly, possess strong analytical skills, must possess strong interpersonal skills.
Knowledge of good laboratory and documentation practices.
Education and Experience Requirements: *
California Clinical Laboratory Scientist license.
Bachelor of Arts or Science in Biomedical Laboratory Science, Clinical Science or related field.
2+ years’ experience as a CLS in a clinical laboratory.
Working knowledge of local, state, and federal laboratory regulations.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Night shift
Company's website:
https://www.summer.bio/
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SummerBio,"Menlo Park, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
